Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is set to improve his defensive unit in the summer transfer window and a move for Pau Torres could be on the cards. Spurs brought in Antonio Conte as Nuno Espirito Santo's replacement earlier in the season with reports suggesting the Italian was promised an injection of cash to help build his own squad. Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur were signed in January with the former joining on an initial loan deal. But even more changes are expected in Conte's first summer transfer window as Tottenham boss. Conte's system at every club he has managed has relied on a strong defensive core and at least central defender will be signed this summer. Cristian Romero and Eric Dier have been the main options to play at the back for Conte with Ben Davies and Davinson Sanchez filling in for the third spot. The former Chelsea boss wants improved options with Joe Rodon potentially being moved on. And Villarreal star Torres may have moved to the top of Tottenham's wishlist. JUST IN: Jose Mourinho takes swipe at Tottenham ahead of Roma vs Leicester  According to the Daily Mail, Torres is ready to leave Villarreal this summer in search of a new challenge. A move to the Premier League is mooted, giving Tottenham 'encouragement' they can strike a deal. But Tottenham will reportedly need to come close to Torres' release clause, set at £55million, to prise him away from the Spanish club. The report points out that Tottenham do have three other defensive targets currently on their wishlist. Josko Gvardiol was supposedly the 'prime defensive target', but Tottenham are said to be concerned of being outbid by other suitors. DON'T MISS  The RB Leipzig star has earned rave reviews for his performances this season and is seen as one of the world's most talented young defenders. Lille star Sven Botman and Atletico Madrid's Mario Hermoso have also been 'discussed' but both players are reportedly further down the list of options. Torres has long been a target for Tottenham, but the defender opted to stay at Villarreal last summer after they qualified for the Champions League. And he played an integral part in Unai Emery's side reaching the Champions League semi-finals, where they lost to Liverpool this week. As well as signing at least one defender, Tottenham are also said to be on the lookout for up to four new faces this summer in total.