On Saturday, a total of 167 people made the crossing in 13 boats, according to the Ministry of Defence. Just 24 hours later, at least 300 people were picked up by Border Force vessels and RNLI lifeboats in choppy conditions in the world’s busiest shipping. Some of these people were brought onto the beach at Dungeness in Kent, while most were taken into the harbour at the Port of Dover. A mix of men, women and some young children were brought into the safety of the harbour. The groups of migrants who had made or attempted to make the crossing were taken onto coaches and driven to the immigration processing centre at the former Manston airport. So far this month, there have been nine days of Channel crossings, with 1,700 people arriving in the UK as a result. The highest daily total for this year was recorded on April 13 when 651 people made the trip across the dangerous stretch of water in 18 boats. In total, 8,066 who have been detained by Border Force in 256 small boats in this year so far. On November 11, 2021, a record 1,185 people made the crossing to the UK - the highest recorded since the start of 2020. Last year, an eye-watering 28,526 migrants crossed the Channel - often during extremely difficult conditions - more than three times the 8,410 who arrived just 12 months earlier. But the UK Government will be concerned that efforts to crack down on migrant crossings aren't working as well as planned, with the number who have arrived this year around three times greater than last year's rate for the same period. READ MORE: Russian jet approved to leave UK' despite ban This weekend's arrivals come after the first people were told of the UK Government's plan to relocate them under the recently announced migration and economic development partnership, which will see their claims processed in Rwanda. This weekend, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said 50 migrants have already been told they are due to be flown to the east African nation, but is anticipating legal opposition to the move. Tory MP Tom Pursglove, the minister for justice and tackling illegal migration, said: "The rise in dangerous Channel crossings is unacceptable. "Not only are they an overt abuse of our immigration laws but they also impact on the UK taxpayer, risk lives and our ability to help refugees come to the UK via safe and legal routes. Rightly, the British public has had enough. DON'T MISSGB News presenter tears apart Rwanda migration 'plan' [COMMENTS]Border Force intercept inflatable dinghy crossing Channel [VIDEO]Channel mIgrants to be deported to Rwanda in DAYS [LATEST] "Through our Nationality and Borders Bill, we're cracking down on people smugglers and fixing the broken system by making it a criminal offence to knowingly arrive in the UK illegally and introducing a maximum sentence of life imprisonment for those who facilitate illegal entry into our country." Last week, ministers were told migrants coming to the UK in small boats are "working directly against" the interests of refugees fleeing war. Conservative MP for Ipswich Tom Hunt insisted helping Ukrainians and Afghans fleeing war was the "right thing to do". But he added: "That challenge is made much more difficult when we have a parallel illegal flow of invariably young men arriving here illegally from another safe European country. "The reality is those individuals who are coming here illegally and not claiming asylum in the other numerous safe countries they have come through, they are working directly against the interests of some of the most desperate families who are fleeing persecution. "I think the more we can state that the better, and that is very much my view, and I think it is important that the Government have gripped that. "Actually I think that it is the view of most of the country, that you make the distinction between those fleeing areas of persecution and coming here, and those who refuse to apply for asylum in France and other safe countries. "I think it is important that we draw that distinction."