 The combination of the Covid19 pandemic and Ukrainian crises is causing economic pain. Mr Bailey warns of a “real income shock” coming from energy prices and “apocalyptic” food prices. For households, especially those which were struggling anyway; this crisis will hurt, and the government should do all it can to support more vulnerable households. But it is not all doom. The economic shock, however unpleasant, will not be long-lived. Companies will adjust their supply chains, and the economy will find ways to manage the supply shocks and find alternative sources of supply. From an energy point of view, energy suppliers are doubling down on developing alternatives to oil and gas, and households will look at ways of creating greater energy efficiency. As a result, the energy crisis will begin to ease by late winter, if policymakers react appropriately. As for supply chains, companies will look for substitute products and sources of supply. For example, whilst Ukraine is a major supplier of sunflower oil, alternative cooking oils, such as rapeseed oil, can be used for most applications. To take another example: Ukraine is a major supplier of purified neon, used by lasers in making computer chips. But there is no fundamental reason why this should be the case. Ukraine does not have especially high neon natural resources; it just happens to have the appropriate infrastructure for making purified neon. Other companies can replicate this infrastructure; it will not happen immediately, but, assuming the Ukrainian crisis lasts for some time, these alternatives will emerge. One supply-chain related issue that has emerged from this crisis is how fragile supply chains are; how reliant they are on a small number of manufacturers or countries worldwide. Companies and governments are learning to make their supply chains more robust and more agile; so that they are less fragile. The long term result of the current supply-chain crisis will be a re-think of how supply chains operate and are managed. In the medium term, we will see alternative suppliers emerge; and shortages will slowly ease. As a result, economic recovery should begin in earnest relatively quickly. *Oliver Chapman is the CEO of supply chain specialist OCI