To kick off the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in EastEnders, the residents of Walford are throwing a street party organised by Mick (played by Danny Dyer). However, BBC bosses have managed to offer Walford their most famous visitors yet as Charles, the Prince of Wales and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall are set to make an exceptional appearance. In an upcoming episode of the BBC soap, the royal couple will star as themselves in the celebratory programme, joining residents as they mark Her Majesty the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Back in March, Their Royal Highnesses visited the set of EastEnders, where they met the cast and crew of the long-running soap, making their acting debut. Viewers recently saw Mick decide he wanted to throw a Jubilee party for all the residents in the square. In the episode, which is due to air on Thursday, June 2, the partygoers will receive the surprise of a lifetime as Mick, and Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) welcome the Duke and Duchess to Walford. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue Speaking about meeting the royal couple and what it was like filming the scenes, Kellie explained: "I did think what amazing sports that they are just willing to do it. "I just thought, wow, they’ve never done anything like this before. They didn’t really know what to expect. "I mean, it must have been nerve-wracking for them and completely out of their norm. So I just hope they enjoyed it as much as we did!" Executive Producer Chris Clenshaw said: "We are truly honoured to have both The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall appear in what is set to be one of EastEnders’ most special episodes. "Linda Carter is naturally in her element and giddy with excitement as their Royal Highnesses arrive in Walford. "But it wasn’t just her as for all of us at EastEnders, it was an extremely special day that will go down in EastEnders’ history.” During their visit back in March, The Prince of Wales happily offered his knowledge of EastEnders to Perry Fenwick (Billy Mitchell) and Emma Barton (Honey Mitchell) as he explained how he knows the couple are no longer together. The special moment came when the royal pair joined the cast and crew for a photograph, and The Prince of Wales noticed how cold Letitia Dean was and kindly leant her his coat. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Beloved icon exits in Jubilee celebration plot [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Stacey Slater finds happiness with Walford resident [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot [WATCH] Talking of the moment, Letitia says: “Today was a very special day for all at EastEnders. As a company, we are all incredibly proud of the show we make but to have a visit from the Royal Family makes it all the more special. "To have the opportunity to mark the Queen’s upcoming Platinum Jubilee with a visit from The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall was just beautiful. "It will go down in EastEnders history, but it was made all the more special for me when The Prince of Wales handed me his coat to keep me warm - what a gentleman, what a couple, what as we say in EastEnders, a proper family.” The couple highly praised Strictly Come Dancing winner Rose Ayling-Ellis who plays Frankie Carter in the soap. Camilla revealed her friends and family all voted for her to win and revealed the Queen was also a fan of the show. The Duchess said: "Rose, the Strictly star. I said we were all voting for Rose, I don't know how you did all those dances." After the meet-and-greet, she said: 'It was really funny because she's a huge fan of Strictly Come Dancing and she mentioned that she voted for me, which is so lovely, and her grandchildren watch it. "It is amazing, so lovely. I mean, come on, it's the Royal Family voting for me, sometimes you forget how many people watch the show, I am mind-blown." EastEnders airs weekdays from 7:30pm on BBC One.