BBC podcast host Deborah James, 40, has been honoured with a damehood after raising £3.7million for various bowel cancer charities in just days. The mum-of-two recently announced her active cancer treatment was ending, and she was receiving end of life care. Downing Street announced the news in a press release, which stated: "The Queen has been pleased to approve that the honour of Damehood be conferred upon Deborah James." Prime Minister Boris Johnson said in a statement: "If ever an honour was richly deserved, this is it. Deborah has been an inspiration and her honesty, warmth and courage has been a source of strength to so many people. "Through her tireless campaigning and by so openly sharing her experience she has not only helped in our fight against this terrible disease, she has ensured countless others with the Big C have not felt alone." The Queen's honours are usually announced as part of the New Year Honours or the Queen's Birthday Honours, but they are occasionally given at other times in exceptional circumstances, including when Captain Sir Tom Moore recieved his knighthood. On Tuesday, Deborah took to social media to bid a tragic farewell to her followers. She explained she didn't know how long she had left, but that she was being moved to hospice at home care to live out her final days with her husband Sebastien Bowen and their two children, Hugo and Eloise. Her devastating words prompted an outpouting of support from her friends and followers and, as she promoted her new fundraiser for bowel cancer charities, millions of pounds worth of donations flooded in. Taking to Instagram in view of her 404k followers, the BBC podcast host wrote: “The message I never wanted to write. “My active care has stopped and I am now moved to hospice at home care, with my incredible family all around me and the focus is on making sure I’m not in pain and spending time with them. “Nobody knows how long I’ve got left but I’m not able to walk, I’m sleeping most of the days, and most things I took for granted are pipe dreams.” DON'T MISS:Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [UPDATE] Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post [TRIBUTE]BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST]  Deborah continued: “I know we have left no stone unturned. But even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, my body just can’t continue anymore.” Deborah gained a huge fanbase since she was diagnosed with stage three bowel cancer in 2016. This sadly went on to become stage four, which was incurable. Lorraine Kelly, Dan Walker and, more recently, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have paid tribute to Deborah on social media in the days since her sad announcement. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also remarked on her fundraising efforts, praising Deborah for her "zest for life" and her "tireless efforts to raise awareness of bowel cancer" on Twitter. Deborah told The Times she had discussed with her husband how he could move on one day after her death. "I have given him strict instructions: I want him to move on," she said. "He’s a handsome man, I’m, like, 'Don’t be taken for a ride, don’t marry a bimbo, find someone else who can make you laugh like we did [together].'"