Russian state-owned news agency RIA Novosti also claimed that the Ukrainian army "made markings in blood". It said that a "satanic seal" - a symbol believed to hold connections to supernatural powers - was found on the wall of a deserted military base. The markings were said to have been found on the outskirts of the Trekhizbenka village in the Luhansk region of Ukraine. They showed that Ukrainian soldiers were "practising black magic", RIA Novosti claimed. In a bizarre claim, the outlet added: "Disciples of otherworldly forces tried to consecrate their weapons and made marks with blood" in order to give their arms extra energy. RIA Novosti also claimed that a press release supplied by the Ukrainian security forces, outlining losses in the Donbas region, was marked with blood. Their report suggested that Ukrainian soldiers had used the blood to contact supernatural forces, noting: "There are lines of blood on the document, although there are no such traces anywhere else". Russian "culturologist" and philosopher Ekaterina Dais claimed the "satanic seal" is a "magical seal of the dark forces", relating to anarchy, weapons and fascist symbols. She claimed that the symbol's creators "performed rituals" to strengthen their military forces. She said: "This is a magical symbol consisting of many intersecting lines. "What it means is difficult to say for sure, in it you can see both the inverted sign of anarchy, and part of the 'SS' sign, the rune zig, it is clearly visible in the left sector of the circle, and the Hebrew letter 'zain' written in German, meaning a sword or weapon." READ MORE: Russia faces "complete isolation" with new SWIFT expulsions She continued to claim that the symbol had been drawn without the creator lifting a hand, something she said "betrays its supernatural nature". Ms Dais added: "Perhaps the spell's authors performed rituals to strengthen weapons or 'asked' for more weapons to be sent to them". The reliability of Russian state media has been questioned throughout the war in Ukraine. For example, their estimates for the numbers of Russian casualties and military losses have been far below those provided by Ukraine and NATO allies. DON'T MISS: Fireball erupts after Russian-controlled oil depot bursts into flames [REPORT] Russian forces capture two British aid workers in Ukraine [REVEAL] UK mocks Russia for 'embarrassing losses' but Black Sea warning issued [INSIGHT] Around 15,000 Russian troops are thought to have been killed during the invasion so far, according to UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace. Ukraine's estimate is much higher, putting Russian casualties at up to 21,900 troops. But on March 25, Russia reported just 1,351 deaths. Russia appears to be scaling back its military operation in parts of Ukraine, such as Kyiv and Chernihiv. But Moscow has continued its heavy siege on many parts of Ukraine, including the city of Mariupol. Earlier this week, analysis by the Kyiv School of Economics (KSE) revealed that Russia's invasion of Ukraine is inflicting $4.5billion (£3.6billion) worth of damage to Ukraine's infrastructure every week. The total amount of direct infrastructure damage has reached $92bn (£73.7bn) since the invasion began on February 24 2022. More than 33,000 sq metres of residential buildings have suffered damage during the war, estimated to be worth almost $30billion (£24billion) in total. Meanwhile, more than 23,0000km of road and 90,000 cars have been damaged or destroyed in the onslaught.