But instead it is: Why is it ok to feast on £200 of curry washed down with bottles of beer at a 10pm get together during covid restrictions but criminal to eat cake for nine minutes on your birthday? The decision by the police to fine Boris Johnson and his Chancellor Rishi Sunak for birthday cake but take no action against Sir Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner raises serious questions about whether the law is being applied equally. But more than that, the whole so-called “beer-gate” controversy explains why tomorrow’s local elections are more a referendum on Starmer’s leadership than it is the Prime Minister’s. The conventional wisdom from mostly anti-Brexit broadcast commentators on places like the BBC but also a number of Tory MPs is that a bad set of results in the local elections could trigger a vote of confidence in his leadership of the Conservative Party. Letters from Conservative MPs are said to be poised to go in to Sir Graham Brady, the chairman of the 1922 Committee which represents Tory MPs in Parliament and is the forum to initiate a leadership poll. But as the days move on this feels increasingly less likely even if famous Tory strongholds like Wandsworth in London will fall. Instead the focus is on Sir Keir Starmer and the test tomorrow is whether he is a realistic prospect as Prime Minister - a man who obviously likes a curry but whose bland reputation makes him anything but spicy. Nothing short of a huge win will be good enough at a time when the Tory government has been beset by scandal from lockdown breaking fines to porn in the Commons, a cost of living crisis that is the worst for decades and midterm blues are in full force. But the fact remains that despite the problems faced by Mr Johnson the Tories are only five points behind Labour, according to the Techne UK/ Express.co.uk tracker poll, and the gap is narrowing. They are in a comfortable position to recover and win the next election. To put it in context in the mid-1990s Tony Blair’s Labour had a lead of more than 20 points against John Major’s sleaze ridden, knackered Tory government. The reason for this is Starmer. Questions still remain over whether he has a policy vision or the charisma to pull off a general election victory. READ MORE: ‘Desperate’ Starmer abandons Partygate attack on Boris He is still unable to define a woman in a broadcast interview because he is so tied up in knots over the trans issue. For two months he has almost exclusively focussed on Partygate as the top issue, so much so that members of his shadow cabinet led by Lisa Nandy have begged him to stop banging on about it. Not only has that strategy left him without a policy platform but now it threatens to bite him if he is fined and, in his own terms used about the Prime Minister, become “a criminal”. How could he not resign if he is fined after two months of saying the Prime Minister should quit? It is worth remembering that in this period his argument was that restrictions were not tough enough. Labour chose to make Partygate the top issue when the country was begging for leadership on the cost of living and now belatedly but too late they are trying to move on partly, it is speculated, out of embarrassment over “beer-gate”. DON'T MISS Have Your Say: Should Starmer apologise for beergate? [REACTION] If Boris falls, which hopeful will win contest to be next Iron Lady? [INSIGHT] Sturgeon shame as SNP sees schools forgo inspection for 10+ years [REVEAL]  And as a result we have seen some quirky rather erratic behaviour by Starmer. First, there is the unofficial Rejoiner alliance with the Lib Dems, a bid no doubt to test whether a pro-EU get Britain back in the bloc could work in the general election in 2024. Then there was the fielding of Israeli Labour MPs in north London to prove that he was not Jeremy Corbyn and had moved away from Labour’s antisemitic recent past - even though he failed to speak out about that when he was part of Corbyn’s shadow cabinet. Finally, there was a Tweet on Friday where he announced a “fully costed plan” to tackle the cost of living crisis having not unveiled such a plan. This is a man scrabbling around because he knows he has been pursuing the wrong strategy. His best hope, perhaps realistic, is that Tory voters stay at home and inflate Labour gains on Thursday. But it will be an empty victory which could mask another humiliating defeat for Labour in the next general election.