Chelsea chiefs are reportedly 'frustrated' they won’t be able to sign Erling Haaland this summer due to restrictions imposed on the club after their Russian oligarch owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned following his country’s invasion of Ukraine. The Blues were keen to land the blockbuster striker as a potential replacement for Romelu Lukaku, who has flopped since returning to Stamford Bridge from Inter Milan last summer. According to ESPN, Chelsea wanted to see if Borussia Dortmund ace Haaland was interested in a move to west London. But they were told they were not allowed to sign any new players as part of the terms of the special licence they were granted to carry on playing games after Abramovich had been identified as a key figure with ties to Russia’s president Vladimir Putin. Haaland has been in scintillating form for Dortmund since joining the club from RB Salzburg at the start of 2020. The 21-year-old has played 87 times for the German giants over the last two-and-a-half seasons - and he’s bagged an incredible 85 goals. Chelsea were previously keen to sign the Norway international last summer following their Champions League final success. But Dortmund decided to hang on to the player for another campaign as the west Londoners ultimately went after Lukaku instead. READ MORE: Chelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement   Haaland has a £63million release clause in his contract which needs to be triggered by June, however, and will be allowed to depart Signal Iduna Park for a fraction of his true value this summer. And he is now expected to link-up with Manchester City, who have already agreed to pay the player a staggering £500,000 per week, according to the Daily Mail. Those wages would see Haaland rival Cristiano Ronaldo as the highest-paid player in the Premier League. And he could be the man to finally fire the Citizens to Champions League success. DON'T MISSNapoli star Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transferLiverpool's five-year plan under Klopp complete after 'comedic' Tottenham show Man Utd's price tag for Marcus Rashford exit speaks volumes about him    Chelsea will be hugely disappointed to see their pursuit of Haaland come to an end as they could be stuck with the underperforming Lukaku, who has looked a shadow of the player he was at Inter. The 28-year-old joined the Blues for a second time last summer after club chiefs broke their transfer record by shelling out £97.5m for his services. And he found the back of the net four times in his first four matches of the campaign. But the Belgium international has struck just eight times in 36 matches since then and no longer commands a regular starting place in Thomas Tuchel’s side. Chelsea will be desperate to land a new frontman once the club is sold and their transfer ban is lifted. But they look set to miss the boat on Haaland, who could take the Premier League by storm if he ultimately moves to the Etihad Stadium. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here