Ronnie O'Sullivan has caused yet more controversy at the Crucible in this year's World Snooker Championship after refusing to shake the referee's hand despite leading 5-3 going into the second session. The Rocket accused the referee of 'looking for trouble' and was involved in several heated moments with him, leaving opponent Judd Trump gobsmacked. The snooker icon, 45, progressed to the final after beating John Higgins 17-11 over the course of Thursday, Friday and Saturday. O'Sullivan can create history in the final because a victory would see him match Stephen Hendry's record of seven Crucible crowns. Sunday's final has already been full of drama and controversial moments after just the first session of the best of 35-frame battle. O'Sullivan butted heads with the referee Olivier Marteel on several occasions and told him 'don't start' after he was issued a warning. O'Sullivan had been left frustrated in the eighth frame after snookering himself and blowing a chance to increase his lead. After sitting back down, he was followed to his seat by the referee, who had a word in his ear. Trump looked perplexed as he stood at the table waiting to take his shot. It was unclear what was said in the exchange between Marteel and O'Sullivan but the latter was seen pointing at the referee as he walked away and shouting in an angry manner. A statement issued by World Snooker Tour after the incident read: "Ronnie O’Sullivan received a formal warning from the referee following a gesture he made in the eighth frame. There will be no further comment on this matter." Despite taking a 5-3 lead into the interval, O'Sullivan was still fuming with the referee and refused to shake his hand as he left the arena. LIVE BLOG: Follow the World Championship final between Ronnie O'Sullivan and Judd Trump here  Trump laughed in shock at the incident as emotions threatened to boil over. O'Sullivan continued to vent his frustration afterwards in his dressing room, accusing the match official of 'looking for trouble'. "[Marteel] seems to be looking for trouble, I just get a vibe from the guy," O'Sullivan said in an interview with Rachel Casey. The refusal to shake his hand came after he received a warning from the referee in the seventh frame, although it remains unclear as to what the warning was issued for. And that wasn't the only altercation between the duo, with 'The Rocket' having told Marteel to "take a shot for him" in the fourth frame. After the white ball needed to be replaced, the official claimed he could see red.  However, Sullivan said back in a cheeky gesture: "No, I can't. You try?", which drew laughter from the crowd. Trump will certainly fancy his chances in the best-of-35-frame clash. The Bristol-born hero gave himself a lifeline by closing the gap in a session in which he was largely outclassed by O'Sullivan. Having trailed 5-1, his two-set wins in a row have set up a tantalising final.