Amelia (played by Daisy Campbell) has been facing a lot of self-confidence issues lately as she has become obsessed with her appearance. Not only has she started exercising a lot to try and lose weight, but she is also editing her pictures on social media to try and fit in with the aesthetic of air-brushed models. However, in Monday night's episode of the ITV soap, she discovered someone was tearing her apart and leaving nasty comments on her posts and it seems Cathy Hope (Gabrielle Dowling) could have a part to play in the storyline on Emmerdale. The latest instalment of the village-based drama saw Amelia wanting to try on some new outfits she had bought herself to exercise in. Not wanting her uncle, Dan Spencer (Liam Fox) to become suspicious of her shopping habit, she had the deliveries made to Home Farm. When Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) saw her babysitter in her new gear, she decided to take a picture of her and posted straight on to social media. Amelia was horrified as she wanted to add filters to it and she wasn't wearing any make-up but Gabby told her it was fine. As she critiqued her picture, the youngster was focused on how many likes it was getting at which point, Cathy decided to join her in the café. READ MORE: Piers Morgan defends Meghan and Harry during Prince Andrew row Sitting down together to analyse the post, Cathy started reading out some of the comments her friend was receiving from her followers. It was Amelia who noticed the trolling had started as she told Cathy: "Someone is already trolling me," to which her friend asked her who it was. The youngster had no idea as she explained: "I don't know, he's called Buffboy44 and he says: 'I look too bony and ill.'" After hearing the username, Cathy told her friend to "just ignore it" and move on, to not dwell on the trolling too much. However, this could have been a big hint it is actually Cathy who is trolling her friend as she seemed eager to glance over the comment. Taking to Twitter, viewers of the show also thought the same as Charlotte K13 wrote: "Is Cathy trolling Amelia now? #Emmerdale." Grianne added: "Not Cathy yet again seriously? Either her or Noah, knowing him. F*****g little creep that he is, really wouldn't put it past either of them to be fair #Emmerdale." Zombie 404 commented on the social media platform: "Don’t tell me Cathy’s found another girl to troll online #Emmerdale." Foxy Lady1 shared: "#emmerdale Amelia don't trust Cathy around phones." Garry remarked: "A troll, it must be Cathy laugh out loud. #Emmerdale," but could the fans watching at home be right about the identity of the cyber-bully? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Malandra Burrows: Star’s cancer was picked up by her dog [COMMENT] Cathy does have past experience of being a troll as last year, she taunted April Windsor (Amelia Flanagan) online over the death of her mother, Donna Windsor (Verity Rushworth). When she finally admitted what she had done to her friend, Cathy was distraught as she worried about the consequences of her actions. Not only did this lead to their fathers going head to head but the police also ended up getting involved in the disputes. As the authorities got involved, Cathy explained she didn't mean for it to get so extreme as one comment just spiralled out of control. It turned out Cathy was jealous because April was getting attention on the anniversary of her mother's death. The police ultimately decided they would issue the youngster with a caution and they would take no further action against her. Ever since Cathy has been trying to turn over a new leaf and has been trying to make friends in the village with the likes of Amelia. However, earlier this year, she discovered Samson Dingle (Sam Hall) had a crush on Amelia and not her, despite the pair kissing. At the time she discovered this information, she stated she was going to help him try and win the girl of his dreams. Though still jealous and envious of the attention Amelia is receiving, Cathy could have started trolling again to get revenge. When it was revealed Cathy was April's troll, viewers took to Twitter to express their shock at the little punishment she received for her behaviour. Carolanne posted: "Instead of punishing her for what she's done, they're making excuses for Cathy's awful behaviour and letting her get away with it #emmerdale." Mahria commented: "Cathy needs to get punished with a criminal record #emmerdale." Andy shared on the social media platform: "Cathy did mean it. She meant every word. Will never trust that child again.#Emmerdale." But will she be punished more severely this time around if she is trolling Amelia? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.