Newcastle are reportedly ready to 'pull the chequebook out' for Lens star Seko Fofana, who Tottenham scouted earlier this season. Fofana has impressed for Lens as they secured a top seven finish in Ligue 1. But with just two years left on his contract, interested suitors are now beginning to circle. According to Le10Sport, one of the clubs hoping to win the race to sign him is Newcastle, who are set for a major squad overhaul in this summer's transfer window. The Magpies are said to have 'already planned' to make a move for Fofana, with the midfielder now their 'priority'. It is stated that the Toon will 'not hesitate' to spend big to win the race, making use of the cash reserves provided by Saudi Arabia. Newcastle's interest in Fofana follows on from Tottenham scouting him last April, during a clash between Lens and Nice. According to a report from Jeunes Footeux at the time, Spurs sent a recruiter who was 'present in the stands' to 'supervise' Fofana. READ MORE: Nabil Fekir's view on joining Newcastle as Eddie Howe revives interest There are a number of obstacles that could potentially stand in the way of Newcastle completing a deal for Fofana. The first of those is that he has recently insisted that he is happy with life at Lens. “Here, I was well received, I was put in comfort. I feel very good here, there is no problem with the idea of ​​continuing the adventure in Lens,” he told le11lensois when asked about his future beyond this summer. DON'T MISS: Newcastle join clubs waiting for Arteta decision on Arsenal's Saliba (NEWS)Bale's four potential landing spots after star 'rejected by Atletico' (INSIGHT)Newcastle 'leading four-team battle with PSG' for exciting £30m talent (TRANSFERS) The second obstacle facing Newcastle is interest from Lyon, who are becoming 'more and more active' in the race for Fofana. It is stated that the Ligue 1 side are 'monitoring the progress' of the Ivorian midfielder. Lyon are said to be 'organising very concretely' and have 'actively relaunched' their move for Fofana. They are now considering the best approach to secure the midfielder, with Newcastle providing competition.