Mark Stuckey joined The Repair Shop cast back in 2019 as its resident radio and electronics expert, helping to bring visitors' technological belongings back to life. From fixing up broken-down jukeboxes, to tape recorders in need of some TLC, Mark has been putting his talents to good use through the heartwarming BBC reality series. So it's no wonder that fans are eager to know more about Stuckey when he isn't at the workshop. Mark Stuckey owns his own repair business so his handy work doesn't just stop when the cameras stop rolling on the BBC show. His livelihood, simply called the Classic Radio Shop, can be located in Cromer, Norfolk, close to Roughton Road station. Stuckey lists what he is able to fix on his website, including obscure items like Bush MB60 radios, vintage radio receivers, Ferrograph tape recorders and classic television sets. He also describes what he loves most about his job of making worn-out electronic goods work again. READ MORE: Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell Stuckey explained: "Myself, I worked in electronics for over 25 years, and like a lot of people of my age starting in the then rental television market from the early 1970s. "I would say people like myself have an interest in the past, perhaps because it seems they were better times, things were less complicated and hearing the sound coming from a radio loudspeaker. "Perhaps the family were sitting around listening to the Clithero Kid, The Navy Lark on a Sunday lunchtime or late in the night or hearing from a 1930s radio that war in Europe has ended. "That's where I get the buzz, something from the past that I cannot only look at but have the same enjoyment as those original owners had, so many years ago." Similar to the other stars of The Repair Shop, Stuckey has kept his private life under the radar. It isn't known whether or not he is married, dating anyone or if he has any children. He doesn't have any social media presence so Stuckey doesn't even like to share these details with any close friends. When he does return for the latest episode of The Repair Shop, Stuckey is going to have not one, but two big jobs on his hand. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop's Jay Blades unveils 'rule' of series 'Not allowed' [EXPLAINER]The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades recalls trauma of homelessness [INTERVIEW]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades details request to BBC co-stars [CAST] In episode two of season 10 of The Repair Shop, the expert will have a severely damaged radio under his care. The item accompanied its owner Geoff and his cousin Donald in 1971 when they travelled in a two-man rowing boat to cross the Atlantic from east to est. The radio was vital in their travels as they listened to the BBC World Service to get an accurate time of day to help establish their location and how long they needed to preserve their rations for. Stuckey's second project will see him work in collaboration with another expert. This second item is a mid-century chair with "an enclosed egg design finished in striking white with red upholstery", as well as a set of speakers built-in. Tracy Dodds wants the chair brought back to life as she remembers her late dad listening to his favourite Elvis tracks in it. The description reads: "Sadly, the speakers haven’t worked for nearly 30 years, and the chair itself is showing its age, with the shell and upholstery deteriorating. "To revive this stunning piece back to its best, it will need a combination of the talents of the barn’s upholstery expert Sonnaz Nooranvary and resident electronics whizz Mark Stuckey. The Repair Shop continues every Wednesday at 8pm on BBC One.