Sasha Lane has explained more about some of the changes the new BBC Three series inspired by Sally Rooney’s first novel made to her character, Bobbi. In Conversations With Friends, she is the best friend and ex-girlfriend of protagonist Frances (played by Alison Oliver), and the US star admitted she found the book rather challenging to read. American actress Sasha revealed she had trouble with some of Sally’s Irish dialect when she initially signed on to Conversations With Friends. The 12-part series follows friends Frances and Bobbi as they start getting closer to an aspirational older couple, Nick (Joe Alwyn) and Melissa Conway (Jemima Kirke). In contrast to the 2020 series Normal People, Conversations makes some major changes to the original novel, including casting an American actress to portray Bobbi. Film and television star Sasha recently spoke more about the unique perspective she brought to the character, but, first, she had to get to grips with some of the dialogue. READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat She recalled: “Well, a lot of the Irish phrases I was like… ‘What is this?’ And just the way they phrase them.” Sally’s three novels have so far received acclaim from critics and readers, though some of the language used may be somewhat strange for those unfamiliar with Irish colloquialisms. Much of the speech is retained in the new TV adaptation, although US star Sasha and English-American Jemima manage to put a fresh spin on the story. Sasha also revealed how the live-action interpretation has allowed Bobbi to be fleshed out into a much deeper and multi-faceted character when compared to the book.  “But also, because the way she’s written in the book is obviously through Fraces’ perspective and her point of view, so you don’t get as much,” she explained of the novel. “You kind of get the general idea and how Frances sees her. Everything I say comes out through how she’s taking it in.” However, the series delves much deeper into Bobbi’s relationship with Frances, as well as her blossoming feelings for their new friend, Melissa. She explained: “So [we] get the space to actually have scenes and more dialogue in the script, because it’s not really in the book and now we’re building it.” DON'T MISS:Bridgerton season 3 confirms Penelope and Colin romance [LATEST]Joan Collins recalls precious Queen item ‘stolen’ [INTERVIEW]Time Traveler’s Wife: Theo James didn’t drop American accent [EXCLUSIVE] “I get to take every situation she goes through with me and I get to say, ‘Well, I’m also now a person’.” Alison’s co-lead Joe has also previewed what fans should expect from their intense yet complex affair as Frances and Nick. “I don’t think it’s like, ‘This is a story about a way older man having a relationship with a way younger woman’,” he claimed. “It’s obviously part of it but I never really thought about it in terms of that dynamic. “I think that these are two people who, particularly in the beginning, are at a pretty low point in their lives and searching for something. “Certainly, in this case, he’s at a point of recovery from which you don’t know what it is until later.” Sally Rooney fans may have already binged through all 12 episodes of Sunday, but BBC viewers have yet another complicated and thoughtful series from the Irish bestseller to look forward to this week. Conversations With Friends is available to stream on BBC iPlayer and Hulu.