Pressure is intensifying on the Metropolitan Police as they face a formal call to justify letting Boris Johnson escape a fine for drinking at a social gathering during lockdown, with some senior officers bewildered by the force’s handling of the partygate inquiry. The Prime Minister will be forced to explain his presence at the event when Sue Gray’s Whitehall investigation that has hung over his premiership for seven months is finally published.  Tory MPs are expected to use the top civil servant’s report, which could come on Wednesday, to decide whether to force a leadership contest or accept Mr Johnson’s apology once and for all. On Tuesday evening, new pictures emerged in the Mirror of an event in No 10 apparently not investigated by either the Met or by Ms Gray – raising further questions about the robustness of the police inquiry. Lending support to Mr Johnson, Conservative commentator Calvin Robinson said: “They have got the Met Police’s report and they are still gunning for more. They still want the PM’s head on a platter. “It’s clear that this is a witch hunt by the political Left, by the mainstream media, by the people who want to get rid of Boris, for what reason I don’t know.  “It could be because of Brexit, it could be there are people wanting to replace him. But that’s neither here nor there. “It’s not appropriate for them to be challenging to take him out of something he is not proven guilty of. “There was this one fire, that’s it. They want more. “We said ‘let’s wait for Sue Gray’s report’, we had it. And why do we need it anyway, he is right. Why do we need her report anyway. READ MORE: Londoners panic as capital struck by huge lightning storm with HAIL “We had the Met Police looking into this and finding people, where necessary. It’s just never ending.” On Monday night Downing Street sources pointed to the fact that Mr Johnson had not been fined over the event, unlike other attendees. The event was one of 12 investigated by the Met Police, who must have concluded the event qualified as work for Mr Johnson, sources said. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: 'President messed up' Russian elite turning on Putin Brandon Lewis warns EU to agree to renegotiate hated Brexit deal Warning as UK facing a ‘significant rise’ in Monkeypox cases