Alexander Zverev was booed by the Court Philippe-Chatrier crowd after erupting at his team when he hit the first double fault of his match against Sebastian Baez. The third seed was already a set down to the world No 36 and gave away a break of serve in the first game of the second with his double fault. Zverev shouted at his camp, including his father Alexander Zverev Senior and new coach Sergi Bruguera, after double-faulting to trail by a set-and-break in his second round at the French Open. Last year’s semi-finalist had lost the opening set 6-2 and was hoping to get himself on the board early in the second, but fumed at his team when he gave away a break of serve to his opponent to further his lead. As both players went to change sides following the conclusion of the first game, the German didn’t stop at his bench and instead started shrugging at his coaching camp, shouting at them as he approached the side of the court they were sitting on. But the crowd didn’t take well to Zverev’s outburst, booing him for ranting towards his team. And things went from bad to worse for the 25-year-old, who lost the next three games to find himself a double-break down at 0-4 in the second, facing break points to fall even further behind for 0-5 and give Baez the chance to serve out a bagel set. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu fears she has target on her back after French Open loss  After fending off three break points to get himself on the board at 1-4, the world No 3 then managed to retrieve one of the breaks and won three games in a row to close the gap at 3-4, but the Argentine still managed to close out the set at 6-4, forcing the German to have to mount a five-set comeback if he wanted to progress to the next round. And the 19-time title winner put himself in the position to do just that, taking the next two sets 6-1 6-2 to force a decider against the 21-year-old. Zverev had beaten Baez in their recent meeting in his opening match at the Italian Open, closing it out in straight sets 7-6(6) 6-3. DON'T MISSOsaka mentality slammed as Japanese star leads Wimbledon boycottAndy Murray launches passionate Wimbledon defence amid boycott fearsWimbledon seeking legal action against ATP and WTA over points strip  The winner of the match will face the victor of another second-round clash between Brandon Nakashima and Tallon Griekspoor. Zverev and Baez are in the top half of death, with Carlos Alcaraz in the same quarter and Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal lurking in the other quarter of the same half. Zverev is looking for a maiden Grand Slam title after his brother Mischa revealed that the world No 3 said he wouldn't "put up with" 19-year-old Alcaraz being one of the favourites for the French Open ahead of him. "I won't put up with that. Now my time has come, now I want to win, I want to be the favourite and prove it to everyone," the 25-year-old said.