Whether you are a green-thumbed enthusiast or simply enjoy relaxing in the garden with family on sunny days, the lawn is often the centrepiece of your outdoor space during the summer months. However, as the hot weather approaches, lawn maintenance ramps up and grass needs some extra care to keep it looking luscious and healthy. According to Marc Kerr, the co-founder of UK subscription lawncare brand So&Mo, “the secret” to a thick and healthy lawn may just lie in how often you mow it. He told Express.co.uk that starting this month, as the days get warmer, there are “three essential things you need to do”. As the temperature increases, it’s time to ramp up how often you are mowing your lawn. However, that doesn’t mean completely going to town on your blades. Instead, Mr Kerr recommends opting for a more frequent, smaller trim. READ MORE: Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds He explained: “For an established lawn, mowing little and often is the secret. As the weather warms, the more regularly you can cut, the better. “Every three to four days will encourage the grass to grow thicker and healthier.” Keeping an eye on how much grass you cut each time will reduce the risk of scalping. Lawn scalping occurs when you cut your grass significantly low, exposing the grass stems. This can reduce how much sun your grass gets and increases the risk of a brown lawn. Leaving a solid amount of grass blades means your lawn can continue to absorb enough energy from the sun, essential for its growth. DON'T MISSPests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [COMMENT]Tomato plant growing tips: When to move tomato plants outside [INSIGHT]What to prune in May - four plant types to trim for spring [EXPLAINER] Mr Kerr said: “Set the blades to the highest setting for your first mow, and make sure not to remove more than one-third of the grass blade at once.” But, if a sudden downpour occurs around the time you are due to mow your lawn, it’s best to temporarily put plans on hold. Mr Kerr explained: “Mowing when your grass is wet won’t give you a clean cut. In most cases, you'll need double to cut it for an even finish.” If you think there may be some residual rain or dew leftover on your grass blades, Mr Kerr recommends brushing the “length of your hosepipe” across the lawn to remove it. He explained: “Removing any water sitting on top will stop it from clumping and sticking to the inside drum of the lawnmower.” Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This is particularly useful for gardeners using a rotatory lawnmower. Mr Kerr said: “A rotatory lawnmower works by creating suction with a fast-spinning blade to clip off the top of each grass sword neatly, so removing the surface water is worth it.” To take things “a step further”, Mr Kerr recommends leaving one patch of lawn completely unmoved, and sprinkling over a wildflower mix. He said: “If you want to go further, you can designate a patch of your lawn for wildflowers. “Not cutting the grass and letting it grow wild will attract pollinators. “Natural grass is a habitat for birds, bees, and the planet. Pollinators need green spaces to keep their ecosystem thriving.”