The Queen's children Prince Charles, Princess Anne and Prince Edward serve as working royals, as does Edward's wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex. The Queen's grandson and future King, Prince William, is also a working royal alongside his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. The Queen's beloved cousins, the Duke of Kent, Duke of Gloucester and Princess Alexandra, also serve the Queen in a working capacity, but aside from these royals, the rest have to work to earn a living. Recruitment company FDM Group commented: “While we may not all hold the privilege of being born into royalty, many members of the Royal Family have a wealth of experience to take inspiration from. "With a range of career paths across the monarchy, it may surprise many people to see the scope of jobs these royals have on their CV.” Here are some of the most unique roles members of the Royal Family can count on their CVs.  READ MORE: Michael Sheen claimed Queen 'shoved him away' during OBE event Although she is the Queen's eldest granddaughter, Zara Tindall has always had to work for a living as she doesn't complete official royal engagements. Like her mother Princess Anne and her grandmother, Zara has continued a long royal tradition of equestrianism and she is very accomplished in the sport. Following in the footsteps of her mother, Zara competed in the London 2012 Olympics and earned herself a silver medal in Eventing.  Despite being a Princess and an HRH, Princess Beatrice is a non-working member of the Royal Family. The FDM Group Home explained: "While you likely don’t see Princess Beatrice as a regular on royal outings, there is a reason for this - she isn’t obligated to. "As a 'non-working' royal, she isn't paid by the Sovereign Grant that funds the members of the Royal Family, therefore she isn’t required to conduct public duties. DON'T MISS:Queen WILL attend Chelsea Flower Show this afternoon [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew spotted grinning from ear to ear [PICTURES]Princess Beatrice 'collateral damage' in Prince Andrew row [ANALYSIS]  "Rather, this royal gained a history degree from Goldsmiths, University of London before entering the regular working world. "During the summer of 2008, she was a sales assistant at the famous London department store Selfridges and then worked in the Foreign Office as a press officer. "Since then, the Princess has gone on to work at venture capital firm Sandbridge and later software company Afiniti." Beatrice now balances working life with her role as a mother, as she welcomed her first child Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi with her husband Edoardo last year.  Like her sister Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenie is not a working member of the Royal Family and therefore has had to pursue her own career. Both Beatrice and Eugenie are known to support charities in their free time, and they appear at Royal Family events like Trooping the Colour as the Queen's granddaughters. Eugenie studied English and History of Art at Newcastle University and she now works as an associate director at the Hauser & Wirth art gallery. 