When you visit an opticians, such as Specsavers for example, the optometrist can check your eyes for signs of damage caused by excessive blood sugar levels. Giles Edmonds, Specsavers' clinical service director, warned of diabetic retinopathy. "In its early stages diabetic retinopathy usually doesn’t pose any noticeable symptoms," he said. "So an eye test can pick it up before you do." If, however, you begin to notice any of the following warning signs, it's critical to get your diabetes under control to prevent sight loss. Mr Edmonds warns of persistent floaters, which are "spots in your vision". They "usually look like black or grey specs or cobwebs that drift about when you move your eyes". Mr Edmonds continued: "Most people will experience floaters in their vision at some point in their life. READ MORE: David Niven: Star's battle with Lou Gehrig’s disease explained "Particularly as we reach older age as the jelly-like substance in our eyes becomes more liquid." However, if you are noticing eye floaters more than usual, or there is a sudden onset of new ones, you need to get it checked out by a professional. This is also true if there are flashes of light in the eye or any darkness on the sides of your vision. "You must get it looked at immediately as, in some cases, it can be a symptom of diabetic retinopathy," Mr Edmonds advised. Another possible warning sign of diabetic retinopathy is blurred vision. "High blood sugar levels damage tiny blood vessels in the eye that sense light, which can result in blurry vision," explained Mr Edmonds. "Blurry vision can also be a symptom of diabetes which can resolve when blood sugars start to reduce after diagnosis and starting treatment." Diabetic retinopathy can also lead to dimmer vision, "almost as if you’re wearing sunglasses". "If you’re struggling to see when it’s dark, it’s an important sign not to ignore," Mr Edmonds emphasised. "At Specsavers, we offer digital retinal photography – free of charge – as part of a standard eye test for customers aged over 40," he added. "This takes a detailed picture of the back of your eye allowing the blood vessels to be monitored more closely. "[This helps] to detect any signs of diabetes that might be present." Diabetic retinopathy is only one health complication that can arise from unmanaged type 2 diabetes. Other health risks can include cardiovascular disease, nerve damage, kidney issues, and hearing impairment. To get ahead of your diabetes, do speak to your diabetes care team if you are struggling with symptoms of high blood sugar. The NHS pointed out symptoms of high blood sugar, which includes: