Meghan Markle explained that tea tree oil is a must-have in her carry on luggage. Why? Meghan said: "The one thing that I cannot live without when I'm travelling is a small container of tea tree oil. “It's not the most glamorous thing, but if you get a cut, a mosquito bite, a small breakout, no matter what it is, it's my little cure-all." Tee tree oil is an essential oil that has several uses, but it is especially beneficial for the skin, hair, and nails. But why is it a key item when travelling? READ MORE: 'Frazzled': Kate Middleton 'un-regal' at Pippa's wedding Tea tree oil acts as an antiseptic, which means it can be used to keep germs away, especially during long flights. In fact, rubbing a bit of tea tree oil around the nose is a good trick to prevent germs from entering the sinuses. The essential oil also helps to disinfect cuts and mosquito bites. Healthline explained: "Tea tree oil can be used to treat and disinfect minor cuts and abrasions by killing S. aureus and other bacteria that can cause infection in open wounds."  The health side said the oil can be used as a "natural hand sanitiser". "Studies have shown that it kills several common bacteria and viruses responsible for causing illness, including E. coli, S. pneumoniae, and H. influenza," it stated. Tea tree oil can also work as a natural deodorant. Healthline explained: "Tea tree oil’s antibacterial effects may help control underarm odour related to perspiration." Tea tree oil is most popularly used as a spot treatment, and to relieve inflamed or irritated skin. This travel essential is also very affordable, with Amazon selling small bottles for less than £5. Other essential oils which are great for travelling are black pepper, sage or peppermint oil. Black pepper oil is used to treat muscle-related pain, which can appear during a long flight. It is also anti-inflammatory and helps relax the muscles when they are aching. Sage oil is antibacterial and antimicrobial, great for washing the hands or face, and also helps to combat jet lag. Peppermint can be used to treat an upset stomach, it helps with travel sickness and as a relaxing and meditating oil.