Manchester United will reportedly hand Erik ten Hag up to £120million to spend on transfers this summer plus whatever cash can be generated through player sales. The Dutchman is set to meet with United officials again on Thursday when he will continue to play for the 2022/23 season at Old Trafford following his departure from Ajax. While Ten Hag plans to take a break to recharge the batteries, he wants to get his feet under the table first in England before switching off for a few weeks. Top of the agenda - besides organising his staff - is summer transfer business, with the view that United need plenty of new additions. According to De Telegraaf's Mike Verweij, Jurrien Timber, Antony and Frenkie de Jong are the three names currently on the table with United seeking to invest £120m. Whether you can get those three names within that budget is a different story altogether, though. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag can make five game-changing Man Utd signings with '£200m budget' Antony is currently valued at £50m while De Jong would cost up to £70m - if Barcelona were prepared to let him leave Catalonia. Furthermore, Timber could also yet cost a pretty penny with Bayern Munich also keen on the young defender. Ten Hag is likely to give United the upper hand over rival suitors when battling with his former players Antony and Timber. The Brazilian winger has already outlined his desire to play in the Premier League with Liverpool also monitoring his situation. DON'T MISSMan Utd rocked with Newcastle to celebrate Prem survival with '£60m Darwin Nunez bid'Erik ten Hag can weaken PSV for Ajax with exceptional Man Utd midfield signingCristiano Ronaldo 'has view on Man Utd signing striker' with Erik ten Hag meeting planned "Ajax is the place where I feel happy. But of course, I do think about a move in the future sometimes,” the wide player said in early April. "Premier League and La Liga are the leagues I find beautiful. When the time is right, I hope to play there." Ajax opted against a ban on Ten Hag signing any of their current players this summer. That could hand United the incentive to raid his former club of their most-prized assets with Lisandro Martinez and Sebastian Haller also reportedly of interest. Ten Hag is expected be in attendance on Sunday when United finish their Premier League campaign away at Crystal Palace. The 52-year-old will be looking to cast an eye over the current squad to gain a greater understanding of what he is working with. Up to five stars are already on their way out including Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani. The money saved on player wages is expected to be reinvested in signings, given the number of gaps that need plugging in United's squad.