Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi walked down the red carpet on Wednesday night at the charity preview of the equestrian event A Gallop Through History, one of the most anticipated shows celebrating the 70 years on the throne of the Queen. The royal dazzled in a figure-hugging mermaid-style dress with a floral pattern, while her husband looked dapper in a velvet black jacket paired with black trousers and a bow tie. And she showed no hard feelings over the ban for non-working members of the Firm to join the Queen on the balcony of Buckingham Palace next month as she was all smiles throughout the performance. The royal was even treated to three cheers from performers during the show. The event at the Royal Windsor Horse Show, led by Alan Titchmarsh, features more than 500 horses and 1000 performers including A-listers, musicians and dancers. It will run over four nights from Thursday to Sunday and will take viewers on a whirlwind trip through Britain's history from the reign of Queen Elizabeth I to the one of her current namesake. Split into four acts, the show includes jokes, songs and references to historical figures such as William Shakespeare as well as today's celebrities. Following Princess Beatrice's appearance, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester are set to watch the first night of the show on Thursday. Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward will step out on Friday, while the Princess Royal will attend the event on Saturday. If she is well enough, the Queen, who has recently been suffering with mobility issues, will attend the closing night of the event on Sunday. READ MORE: 'The people's Prince' William praised for embracing emotional fan The Sunday night show, to be televised by ITV, will also reportedly feature a carriage drive including most of Her Majesty's great-grandchildren. Beatrice and Edoardo's daughter Sienna Elizabeth, born last September, has been tipped to make her first-ever public appearance during this event. Another royal surprise expected to be featured during the show will take place during the fourth act. After Mr Titchmarsh reminds the audience the Queen is the "heartbeat of the nation" but also a normal mother, grandmother and great-grandmother, 18-year-old Lady Louise Windsor is to enter the scene driving the carriage of the late Duke of Edinburgh to do a lap, followed by the Queen's various horses and ponies. Each night will end with the National Anthem, followed by the royal guests doing a lap of the arena on a car. Yesterday, Princess Beatrice was photographed smiling and waving to performers as she was leaving the show. This star-studded performance comes less than three weeks before the country is to gather to celebrate the Queen's reign during an extended bank holiday from June 2 to 5. The first, much-anticipated event kicking off the weekend will be the Trooping the Colour parade, traditionally ending with the appearance of the Royal Family on the balcony of Buckingham Palace. While the event is normally open to wider members of the family, this year the monarch has decided that, after "careful consideration", she would only invite working royals to stand alongside her. A statement released last Friday read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." This would have marked Beatrice's first appearance on the balcony following her marriage to Edoardo in July 2020. Other royals excluded from the balcony are Princess Eugenie, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, Prince Andrew and Princess Anne's children Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips. Princess Beatrice and other non-working royals will likely be able to attend other events open to the whole family during the Jubilee weekend. The service of thanksgiving for the Queen's reign taking place at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3 may be one of them, much like the Epsom Derby on June 4. Other events scheduled to take place over the weekend are a concert at Buckingham Palace on June 4 as well as an array of street parties organised by Britons up and down the country and coordinated by the Big Lunch organisation, of which the Duchess of Cornwall is the patron.