Manchester United have added Lisandro Martinez to their list of potential summer transfer targets, according to reports. Erik ten Hag has managed the centre-back at Ajax. And it appears he’s keen on a reunion as he looks to build a dynasty at Old Trafford. It’s going to be a huge summer of change at United after a chastening campaign under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And, now, the Telegraph claim the Red Devils have added Martinez to their list of targets ahead of Ten Hag’s arrival. The 24-year-old has been a regular in the Ajax team over the past three years, having arrived from Defensa y Justicia back in the summer transfer window of 2019. Ten Hag and United reportedly see Martinez as an ‘ideal player’ to pursue due to his speed and passing skills. And while the Red Devils also like Jurrien Timber, his Ajax team-mate, Martinez is very much a player on their radar. He’s still got three years left on his current deal in Amsterdam, however. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And it’s claimed Ajax would look for a fee in the region of £25million to let him move to Old Trafford this summer. United want a new centre-back at a time where three of their current players are expected to leave the club. Phil Jones has spent 11 years with the Red Devils but, with injuries hampering him, he’s primed to go. Likewise Eric Bailly, who has been at the club since moving from Villarreal back in the summer transfer window of 2016. And United may show Axel Tuanzebe the door, too, with the centre-back toiling at Aston Villa and Napoli this season. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Since the departure of Ferguson nine years ago, United have signed three players from the Eredivisie. But none have made the grade. Daley Blind was a useful squad player yet, when Louis van Gaal departed, struggled to make his mark under Jose Mourinho. United never saw the best of Memphis Depay, who lasted just 18 months before being offloaded to Lyon. And Donny van de Beek has struggled for opportunities during his time with the club and is currently out on loan at Everton. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Meanwhile, regarding Ten Hag, former Everton star Andy van der Meyde has opened up on his compatriot. And he feels the 52-year-old is like Liverpool’s Jurgen Klopp, saying: “He’s such a good manager who develops a relationship with his players and finds time for them if they need to talk. “You can see that also with Klopp. “Erik gives a lot of attention to the players and, as a result, they will do a lot more for him than if he was distant and only their manager, without holding private talks. “But it doesn’t matter what his name is. If a player doesn’t do what he asks, he will be sitting on the bench.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here As well as Klopp, Van der Meyde thinks the new United boss is also reminiscent of Peter Bosz and Ronald Koeman, too. “Erik doesn’t want to play bad football. He’s offensive-minded, he sets his teams up to attack,” he stated. "For that I’d compare him to Peter Bosz and Ronald Koeman. “Erik wants to develop himself, the players and the team. He wants to win games but also make the fans happy with good football. "For him, entertainment is very important.”