Taipei’s defence ministry said its air force was alerted on Monday as 30 Chinese aircraft entered its air defence identification zone (ADIZ). China regards Taiwan as its own territory, with Taipei regularly seeing airspace incursions from Beijing aircraft over the last two years. In a post on Twitter, the ministry showed all jets entered Taiwan’s southwest ADIZ before swiftly u-turning. It added China sent two KJ-500 AEW&C’s, four Y-8 ELINTs, one Y-8 EW, one Y-8 ASW, six J-16s, eight J-11s, four J-10s, two SU-35s, and two SU-30s. Taiwan’s Ministry of National Defense tasked its CAP aircraft with issuing radio warnings to the Chinese aircraft - and with deploying air defence missile systems. The latest Chinese mission included 22 fighters, as well as electronic warfare, early warning and antisubmarine aircraft, the Taiwan ministry said. The aircraft flew in an area to the northeast of the Pratas, according to a map the ministry provided, though far from Taiwan itself. Monday’s incursion marks the second largest in 2022 so far, with more jets than the previous second largest on May 6. On May 6, Taiwan shared 18 warplanes entered its southwest ADIZ. The largest this year was on January 23 when 39 warplanes entered Taiwan’s ADIZ. It comes just one day after China’s previous incursion into Taiwan’s ADIZ, when five People’s Liberation Army (PLA) jets entered the southwest zone. Seven PLA aircraft were spotted entering the southwest ADIZ on May 28, and four were reported on May 25. Just one PLA jet, a Y-8 ASW, entered the Southwest ADIZ on May 23 and on May 21. Throughout May, China has entered Taiwan’s airspace 21 times, according to Taipei’s Ministry of Defence. Since the start of the Ukraine war on February 24, China has carried out 66 incursions into Taiwan’s airspace. It comes after China's military said it had recently conducted an exercise around Taiwan as a "solemn warning" against its "collusion" with the US. Shi Yi, spokesman for the Eastern Theatre Command, said: “This is a solemn warning against recent collusion between the United States and Taiwan. “It is hypocritical and futile for the United States to say one thing and do another on the Taiwan issue.” It came after US President Joe Biden said the US would intervene if China invaded Taiwan, signalling a change in the policy of “strategic ambiguity”. He clarified on May 22 there is no change to the US policy. In April, former Australian prime minister Tony Abbott suggested Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine could encourage China to take similar military action against Taiwan. He told Sky News Australia: “This could very easily embolden Xi Jinping to take Taiwan. And that will derange the global order under which we’ve lived for the last seven decades and under which we have enjoyed what have been simply the best times in human history.” In June 2019, Chinese President Xi Jinping said Putin is his “best friend”, and added: “In the past six years, we have met nearly 30 times. “Russia is the country that I have visited the most times, and President Putin is my best friend and colleague.”