 According to Surrey Live, the fatal incident occurred when a Red Seat Ibiza left the road near a railway crossing in Egham last night. One of the car's passengers, a 17-year-old boy, died at the scene. Three other teenagers were injured in the crash, police confirmed. The pupils are all understood to have attended the same school in Surrey. In an email seen by SurreyLive, the Salesian School's executive headteacher James Kibble broke the news to parents on Wednesday morning (May 18). The email from Mr Kibble to parents confirmed that one student had died, but said the other three were not seriously injured. Although it said that one of them had to return to hospital overnight. The email also said that staff would be speaking with students and offering them support on Wednesday morning. Parents were advised that the school's pastoral and Chaplaincy teams would be available for any students who were particularly upset. "It is at difficult times like this that bring the best out in our Salesian community," wrote Mr Kibble. "I thank you in advance for all you will no doubt do to support those who need it."  In a statement, Surrey Police said: "Officers were called at around 9.50pm after the Red Seat Ibiza left the road near the railway crossing. Ambulance and fire services also attended, but sadly, one of the passengers died at the scene. The three other teenagers in the car were taken to hospital with minor injuries." Sergeant Ben Grillis of the Serious Collision Investigation Team added: "We are aware that a student has been named locally. We are working with the family in relation to formal identification and we ask that people avoid speculation and respect the family’s privacy at this difficult time. We will release more information when we can." Police are asking for anyone who witnessed the collision, or may have CCTV or dashcam footage, to contact them by calling 101 and quoting PR/45220052328. You can also report any information online via the force's website, or anonymously call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.