The names of Royal Family members are often very traditional, with names like 'George' and 'Albert' being announced for royal little ones more times than you can count. But many royals have foregone their birth first names altogether in favour of a nickname or one of their middle names. Here are eight royals who use different first names from the ones they were born with. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's second child was born on June 4, 2021, and her name was announced to the world as Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor. The name 'Lilibet' was chosen in tribute to the Queen, who was known by the nickname to her family and late husband Prince Philip. But the Sussexes made clear from the outset that their daughter would be known as 'Lili', and at the Invictus Games in April, Meghan introduced Harry to the stage as the father of their "two little ones, Archie and Lili". The Duke of Sussex is known to his friends, family and the public as Harry, but his first name is actually the very regal name of Henry. He was born to Prince Charles and Princess Diana in 1984 as Prince Henry Charles Albert David of Wales. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry 'shot themselves in foot' with Kate & William  Meghan Markle was born Rachel Meghan Markle in 1981, but she has gone by her middle name for years. Coincidentally, she played the character of Rachel Zane in the drama Suits before she married Prince Harry and left acting behind. The Duchess of Cambridge was born Catherine Elizabeth Middleton in 1982, and she is often referred to as Catherine by her husband Prince William in public. But since the media caught wind of their relationship while the pair were studying at university, the future Queen has been known to the public as Kate Middleton.  The Queen's late father King George VI was actually born Prince Albert, and his name was a tribute to Queen Victoria's husband Prince Albert. But to his friends and family, Prince Albert was known as 'Bertie', and he chose the regnal name of George when he became King in 1936. The Queen's paternal uncle King Edward VIII famously abdicated in 1936 after less than a year on the throne to marry Wallis Simpson. He was born Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David, but to his family, he was known by his last middle name of David. DON'T MISS:Sussexes snubbed from balcony over fears royals would 'resent' them [INSIGHT]Why Pippa Middleton didn't make Kate her bridesmaid — ‘tricky' [ANALYSIS]Royal Family heirlooms Meghan Markle wore on wedding day [PICTURES]  Queen Victoria's eldest son was born Prince Albert Edward in 1841, and he was named after his father Prince Albert, the Prince Consort. But when he ascended the throne in 1901, he opted to use his middle name of Edward as his regnal name against the wishes of his late mother. Queen Victoria was born Princess Alexandrina Victoria of Kent, and she opted to use her middle name for her regnal name. To date, Queen Victoria is the only British monarch to have held the name. 