Most parents in the UK are entitled to some benefits, freebies and discounts, while others have some extra eligibility requirements. Express.co.uk has compiled seven types of financial assistance available to parents, as well as what young parents could get on top of it all.   To be eligible for Child Benefit, Britons only really need to be living in the UK and responsible for a child under the age of 16 or under the age of 20 if they are in approved training or education. Child Benefit offers £21.80 per week for the eldest child, or only child, and £14.45 per week per subsequent child. This benefit also tops up the person claiming the sum's National Insurance credits, which can count towards their state pension. READ MORE: New plan to ban gas boilers could make your home UNSELLABLE - ‘buyers hate heat pumps’     However, if one or both parents earn over £50,000 they may have to pay back some of the benefit in tax. Women can receive free dental care and prescriptions whilst pregnant and until their baby is a year old. All new mums and mums-to-be are entitled to this and can ask their GP or midwife for an exemption certificate.  While people can no longer make new applications for Child Tax Credit, Universal Credit has replaced it along with other legacy benefits. People who currently receive legacy benefits will eventually be moved onto Universal Credit by the DWP but until such a time they will continue to receive their benefits. Additionally, they can claim for any further children they have by reporting a change of circumstances.  Families on low income and receiving certain benefits could claim a Sure Start maternity grant which offers a one-off lump sum to help Britons buy necessities for their first child. The healthy start programme through the NHS offers new parents free milk, vitamins and cheaper formula to help give babies a health start in life.  The benefit is available to women who are pregnant and families with children under four who receive certain benefits. People who have a child under the age of 18 will automatically qualify for the healthy start scheme. Those under 20 and in education in England could get their childcare costs covered by the Care to Learn scheme.