The nation would be led not only by Blair but by the Queen in celebrating the millennium in the Millennium Dome. The photos of that night show the Queen alongside husband the Duke of Edinburgh, with Blair and his wife Cherie who were belting out Auld Lang Syne. While doing her duty as requested by the PM, the Queen looked distinctly underwhelmed by this New Labour version of what the millennium was all about. Twelve months later, on December 25, 2000, the Queen used her traditional Christmas Day broadcast to express her own view. She remarked to the millions watching that while the millennium year with all its projects had been unforgettable, she wanted to reflect on what lay behind the celebrations - that Jesus Christ was born 2,000 years ago and changed the course of history. "This is the true millennium anniversary," she pointedly said, and went on to add that, "For me the teachings of Christ and my own personal accountability before God provides a framework in which I try to lead my life." It was the most explicit expression of her faith the Queen had ever made in a broadcast and drew an enormous postbag of approval, encouraging her to be forthright about her own faith in Christmas messages ever since. Many say the Queen is both a public figure and a very private individual but it is religion where these two sides of her remarkable life come together. She is Supreme Governor of the Church of England, a constitutional role that British monarchs have had since the break away from Rome after HenryVIII's divorce from Catherine of Aragon.   She is also Defender of the Faith, a title all British monarchs have held since HenryVIII. She leads the nation at special moments, from Remembrance Days to services of thanksgiving for her jubilees, or the end of wars like the Falklands, and at funerals for major figures such as Winston Churchill, Margaret Thatcher and Princess Diana. Over the years news reports mention her annual Maundy Thursday services and her attendance at church at Christmas and Easter. Yet when there are no cameras and no public duty to be satisfied, her own deep faith means she still regularly attends church, often in her private chapel at Windsor Castle or at All Saints, the chapel inWindsor Great Park where granddaughter Princess Beatrice married in 2020. The Queen and Prince Philip were said to like short church, rather than high church or low church.Woe betide the cleric who thought a lengthy sermon was in order. She likes her Bible and her prayer book, and has a fondness for hymns. Aled Jones, presenter of Songs of Praise, told me the programme makers have been assured the Queen is one of their regular viewers. Praise My Soul,The King Of Heaven, is a favourite. That her Christian faith shaped her life was apparent early on.  In 1947 she marked her 21st birthday on a tour of SouthAfrica with a broadcast: "I declare before you all that my whole life whether it be long or short shall be dedicated to your service God help me to make good my vow." Millions bought TV sets in 1953 in order to watch the Coronation in Westminster Abbey. Those oaths included a promise to uphold the Protestant religion - the same vow of all monarchs of this country since the Reformation. And yet despite that pledge the Queen has been crucial in improving relations between the Church of England and the Roman Catholic Church. She has travelled to Rome to meet five popes and welcomed John Paul II in 1982 and Benedict XVI in 2010 to Britain. However, these meetings were not just about her personal, tolerant beliefs, they were also pragmatic. During her reign, increasing numbers of her subjects have been Roman Catholics, and indeed Jewish, Muslim, Hindu and Sikh. Even in 1952 the Queen asked those listening to her first Christmas broadcast after her accession to pray for her as she prepared for her Coronation "whatever your religion may be". This interest in different religions has continued and is evident on Commonwealth Day at Westminster Abbey, when she has approved of other religions being incorporated into the special services held to mark the link between Britain and countries around the world. It's in her relations with her family, over issues to do with marriage and divorce, that the Queen has endured the trickiest dilemmas because of her three-in-one complex role: head of the family, head of state and head of the Church of England. She became Queen because of divorce. Her father, George VI, took the throne in 1936, thus making her heir, when her uncle, EdwardVIII, abdicated after the Church of England and the Government could not countenance the sovereign marrying the twicedivorced Wallis Simpson.  Soon after the Queen ascended the throne, it was the love affair of her own sister, Margaret, with the divorcee Group Captain Peter Townsend, that caused great heartache. At that time the Church of England still refused remarriage in church. Not only could Margaret not marry Townsend in church but if she married she would have renounced her place in the Royal Family. She eventually decided against the marriage. In later years, the divorces of her own children caused the Queen much distress, with her famously calling 1992, when Princess Anne remarried, and her sons Charles and Andrew both separated from their wives, her "annus horribilis". Yet by 2005 the Church of England had grown more willing to tolerate second marriages. The Prince of Wales and Camilla then married, including a blessing at St George's Chapel, Windsor, attended by the Queen and Philip. Like the Duke, the Queen's faith has long been her strength and stay at the most testing of times, including the Duke's death last year. One can only wonder at how much she has taken to heart the Christian teaching on forgiveness, given the ups and downs of her family's life, not least Prince Andrew's involvement with Jeffrey Epstein and complaints of racism made against her family by Harry and Meghan. In her 2011 Christmas broadcast she said with some feeling: "Forgiveness lies at the heart of the Christian faith. It can heal broken families..." In 2019, around the time of her 90th birthday, she spoke once more of her personal Christian faith, saying how grateful she was to God "for His steadfast love". Steadfast is the word that most people would also use to describe the Queen: not only in her faith but in 70 remarkable years of service and duty to Britain. *Catherine Pepinster is the author of Defenders of the Faith - the British Monarchy, Religion and the Next Coronation, to be published by Hodder on June 9 