With the UK suffering from the ongoing cost of living crisis, and further warnings inflation could jump to eight percent by June, many households are seeking additional ways to make money. One way to make a quick buck is by selling unwanted household items, but which ones are going to make the most money? Wholesale Clearance UK conducted research to find the top-grossing products on eBay of the last year, with sub-categories such as watches, bikes and fabric making the top 10. As trends develop and people’s needs change, so do the most popular consumer items – creating a surge in second-hand supply from a whole host of sellers. Here are the most popular things to sell on eBay right now: Fabrics are in increasingly popular demand, with sales eclipsing that of other products - and eBay is a hotbed for fabric sold, especially silk satin dress fabric which is the top grossing item in the fabric category making £50,000 so far this year. Total sold: 11,601,301 With the popularity of streaming services rising, demand and sales figures for DVDs are surprisingly high. Total sold: 6,818,873 READ MORE: Sainsbury’s, Aldi, M&S and more recall several chicken products Most people turn to apps such as Depop and Vinted to sell their second-hand clothes. But women’s dresses are producing some of the highest sales figures on eBay. Total sold: 6,762,933 It’s no secret, that bikes are expensive. For anyone looking for a transport solution, or an upgrade for a growing child, bargains can be found all over the eBay marketplace. Total sold: 4,999,020 Large home centrepieces are also expensive. With people turning to Facebook Marketplace for cheap home improvements, it’s worth considering eBay as an alternative with millions of people selling tables on the platform. Total sold: 4,360,377 DON'T MISS...Dennis Waterman net worth: Actor made millions during his career [INSIGHT]Woman furious as neighbour 'keeps hanging their washing in my garden' [REACTION]Woman who was 'eating herself to death' shed 20st - here's how [PICTURES] In a world where expensive brands are desirable, a second-hand option means people can look good without breaking the bank. For those looking to offload some pricey timepieces, eBay has a lucrative market with many eager buyers. The Apple Watch Series six was the top grossing branded watch making £382,000 so far this year. Total sold: 3,891,444 Similarly to women’s garments, getting a bargain is easy with the range of options available on eBay. With a high volume of men’s t-shirts being sold on the site, there’s an opportunity to make money off clothes that would otherwise gather dust in the wardrobe. Fruit of Looms T-shirts is incredibly popular at the moment, with £136,000 made in the past five months making them the top-grossing item from this category. Total sold: 3,77,863 There’s currently a boom in the rare coin market, with prices reaching all-time highs because collectors are looking to pick up bargains to trade or re-sell, it’s a lucrative time to dust off any rare coins. Total sold: 3,775,863 As new phones become increasingly expensive to buy, protecting them is important to consumers. Cases and other mobile accessories will continue to be a popular seller’s choice for a while. Total sold: 2,614,630 With things only just returning to normality after the COVID-19 pandemic, it’s no surprise that hand sanitiser remains a popular purchase. This opens the door for anyone with a hefty stockpile to make some of their money back. Total sold: 2,386,125 According to recent data, the average salary of an eBay Seller based in the UK is around £29,000 a year. On average, selling 15 items turns a profit of nearly £500. However, changes to eBay’s payment systems may impact profits, as the platform moves away from PayPal and towards direct bank account transactions. To make the best sale, Wholesale Clearance suggests: - Taking high-quality pictures of your items - Make sure you complete all fields when listing products - Use accurate logos, descriptions and categories when listing - Improving customer service by ensuring safe and timely shipping - Being proactive in seeking buyer feedback - Make use of eBay’s promoted listings feature to rank higher for your products - Consider starting with lower bid prices to entice customers - Consider lengthening your returns window as this is an attractive perk for prospective shoppers - Conduct market research, price competitively and consider the condition, age, and demand of your product