Britons head to the polls on Thursday to vote in the local elections. The ballot has been largely seen as a referendum on Prime Minister Boris Johnson's leadership as he continues to be embroiled in several scandals that have mired the Conservative Party. The largest is the Partygate saga, in which he, his wife Carrie Johnson, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak were all fined for attending a gathering at Downing Street while the nation was in lockdown. Further parties at No 10 and other Government buildings are also said to have taken place. A string of negative stories surrounding Tory MPs, including the recently suspended Neil Parish who admitted to watching porn in the House of Commons, have only compounded the crisis for Mr Johnson. According to a survey carried out by Electoral Calculus and Find Out Now, the Conservatives are on track to lose nearly 550 seats in what would mark the worst performance since Sir Tony Blair led the Labour Party in the Nineties. It says Labour will hold 3,500 council seats, which would translate to a gain of more than 800. The Tories, meanwhile, will retain just under 980 — a fall of 548, according to the survey which quizzed 1,749 adults in the 201 councils going to the polls. However, some have suggested that Mr Johnson may have some hope yet. Will Jennings, professor of political science at the University of Southampton, has argued that "two elections" should be expected on Thursday. Speaking to Sky News, he said: "In older, Brexit-supporting, socially conservative towns, somewhat against the national tide, the Government may hold on in more places than expected." JUST IN: Brexit: 'Beware' Irish newspaper warns of 'darker purpose' On Labour, he added: "[It] is likely to make gains in big cities, but they risk piling up votes there, and finding there are diminishing returns." Mr Jennings' prediction puts Labour on a similar trajectory that it has followed for the past decade, especially since Jeremy Corbyn took a hold of the party for a period from 2015. The party has long mopped up votes in both general and local elections in cities and urban areas while the Tories have slowly edged in on traditional Labour heartlands like the so-called Red Wall in northern England. Now, many councils look tipped to turn red for the first time in decades. DON'T MISS Dan Wootton slams Labour/Lib Dem pact as ‘a nightmare’ for Brits [REPORT]  Boris facing election devastation with Tories to lose 550 SEATS [INSIGHT] Mali has ended all military partnership and treaties with France [ANALYSIS] Wandsworth in southwest London has been held by the Tories for 44 years. It makes up some traditionally more affluent areas, such as parts of Clapham, Battersea and Wandsworth Town. Now, however, it looks set for an historic switch. Around 40 percent of the council seats being contested this week are in London, which will be a key test for Sir Keir Starmer to gauge how much damage the recent scandals have done to the Government. The Tories could even lose hold of flagship council Westminster, as well as Barnet, Southampton, Newcastle-under-Lyme and Thurrock. Martin Baxter, the chief executive of Electoral Calculus, which conducted the survey with Find Out Now, told The Daily Telegraph: “The renewed ‘partygate’ focus has made a poor situation for the Conservatives even worse by persuading even more Conservative supporters not to turn out at the local elections. “The results could now be bad for Boris Johnson, especially if the Conservatives lose many hundreds of council seats and key flagship councils like Wandsworth or Westminster.” The predicted voter share of 24 percent for the Tories, 39 percent for Labour, and 15 percent for the Liberal Democrats gives Labour a lead of 15 percent. It would also be the largest in local elections since the mid-Nineties, before Sir Tony's landslide 1997 victory. Mr Johnson has not made his job any easier while out on the campaign trail. This week, he made the error of mixing up Teesside and Tyneside during his visits to the North East of England. Posting a photo of himself eating an ice cream in Whitley Bay, he tweeted that it was a fantastic day to be out campaigning in Teesside, where we’re delivering a massive programme of investment as part of our plan to level up the whole of the UK”. Opposition parties were quick to seize on the error to point out that Whitley Bay is in fact in Tyneside, accusing Mr Johnson of paying little attention to the area outside of election periods.