Ranvir Singh stepped in for Lorraine Kelly on Friday’s instalment of her self-titled morning show. The presenter spoke to Andrew Morton who was discussing his latest royal biography The Queen when Ranvir asked him what the Queen really thought of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle quitting royal life and moving to America. She said: “You talk about duty Harry, of course, is coming back for the Jubilee. “Do you get a sense of how she triply feels about the Megxit, the leaving to go to California?” “Well it was abrupt, a lot of it was uncalled for but at the same time the Queen will recognise that they’ve got a young family, she’s American and she’ll cast her mind back to her own life,” Andrew answered. “She and Prince Philip went off to Malta shortly after they married and they excepted to be on the fringes of the Royal Family of duty for 20 years or so because Prince Philip expected to go through the ranks in the Navy. Read more: Lorraine Kelly demands Harry and Meghan heal royal rift for Jubilee “It was very unexpected for them and she’ll have appreciated the fact that Harry and Meghan want to make a life for themselves.” Ranvir asked whether the Queen has a more positive view on Megxit than the couple’s critics. The royal biographer replied: “The Queens got a soft spot for Harry. “Courtiers will have appointments three weeks hence but he can turn up at Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle, walk in, say hi and get the Queen to be involved in the Invictus Games.” “The Queen has a soft spot for Harry because obviously the tragic nature of his mother’s death, his struggles to cope with that, his mental struggles, the fact that he’s cursed with charisma in a way,” he explained. “When I see him on royal engagements it’s very much like watching Diana kneeling down hugging kids it’s remarkable.” Harry and Meghan will be reunited with the Queen at a thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral on June 3. Elsewhere in the interview, Andrew shared a touching revelation about the Queen’s sense of duty. DON'T MISSLorraine Kelly issues apology over Corrie star marriage mistake [INTERVIEW]Coronation Street's Jacob star slams cancel culture  [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly blasts BBC if they don't give Strictly job to Anton [VIDEO] He commented: “She's lived with those four letters, duty, throughout her life. “She's also tried to make some sense of what she's had to do – the isolation and the loneliness of the job. “She was once in discussion with Billy Graham, the famous America born-again preacher, and he was saying, ‘Wouldn't you like to mix with the people?' “They were looking out of Buckingham Palace and he said, ‘Wouldn't you like to mix with those people out there?' And she said, 'With all my heart.' “She's a matriarch to the nation but she's also distant as well." The Queen was first introduced to Reverend Graham when he travelled to the UK in the 1960s. She struck up a friendship with the evangelical preacher and invited him to preach for her on numerous occasions. Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9am.