Amber Heard’s sister, Whitney Henriquez, admitted on Wednesday that she regrettably joked with Johnny Depp about the idea of domestic abuse against her sister. The admission came as Whitney accused Johnny of being an alcoholic and drug-addled abuser. Some of her other accusations included claiming that Johnny had denigrated Amber, and hurled a steak knife at an assistant. Johnny’s lawyer Camille Vasquez asked Whitney a series of questions about her run-ins with Johnny. Camille said: “Notwithstanding that, in June 2013, you were actually joking with Mr. Depp about hitting your sister, right?” “Regrettably, over a text message. Yes,” Whitney replied. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain “That you were encouraging him to hit her,” the lawyer pressed. “I was not literally encouraging him to hit her,” Henriquez added. “But you were joking about it?” “Regrettably, yes," Whitney replied. After trial began just over a month ago, Johnny’s lawyer Benjamin Chew kicked off his opening statements by claiming that Whitney was caught on CCTV throwing a fake punch at her sister. Johnny’s childhood friend Isaac Baruch also claims to have witnessed the incident. Whitney previously testified that she suspected Johnny was being abusive earlier that same year. However, she says she didn’t know if that was around the same time as the text. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] Just under two years after that message was sent, Johnny and Amber got married in 2015. The couple then split the following year, when Amber filed for a restraining order, and their divorce became official in 2017. In December 2018, Amber alluded to her domestic abuse allegations in a Washington Post editorial, which omitted Johnny’s name. Johnny nevertheless sued anyway, claiming that Amber defamed him by implication. Amber then counter-sued, saying the allegations were a “hoax”. Whitney said that she witnessed Johnny drunk “countless” times and high on drugs “a lot”. She also acknowledged that she personally used cocaine and drank with him on a number of occasions. Amber has said that drug use brought out the “monster” in the actor.