Chelsea have reportedly placed Jules Kounde and Josko Gvardiol at the top of their extensive wish list of defenders. The Blues are expected to act swiftly and decisively in the transfer market once Todd Boehly completes his long-awaited takeover of the club, and the American billionaire will not have to wait long to flex his financial muscles. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has a clear priority to tackle this summer. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen have agreed moves to Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively, while Cesar Azpilicueta could also be on his way out of Stamford Bridge. With a trio of central defenders set to make way, The Telegraph claim that Tuchel and transfer chief Marina Granovskaia have drawn up an eight-man defensive shortlist. Kounde and Gvardiol are the two top targets, and with government approval now signed and sealed, incoming owner Boehly could act quickly to green-light the deals. Kounde came within a whisker of joining the Blues last summer, before Sevilla stood firm on their hefty £68million valuation and stopped the switch in its tracks. JUST IN: Tottenham to announce first summer signing 'very soon' as Antonio Conte work begins All parties are supposedly ready to conduct business this time around, however, and Sevilla are keen to sell as quickly as possible so that they can set about finding his replacement. Kounde is adept at playing at centre-back or right-back, which could make him the perfect candidate to feature on the right side of Tuchel's back three. At 20-years-old, Gvardiol has less experience but is touted for similarly big things. Capable of playing at centre-back or on the left, the Croatian international would be a natural replacement for Rudiger. Competition is expected for his signature as Tottenham and Manchester United also scour the market for defensive recruits. While the exact make-up of Chelsea's eight-man wish list is unknown, they are also believed to be keeping tabs on Villarreal's Pau Torres and Atletico Madrid star Jose Gimenez. Bringing in such big names would be a huge statement of intent by Boehly's consortium, who are poised to step into the shoes of free-spending Roman Abramovich. Tuchel and co will be keen to strengthen over the summer, despite the loss of key personnel, having finished the season 19 points behind Manchester City and with two cup final defeats on their record. A final-day 2-1 win over Watford ensured that the campaign finished on a positive note, but making up the ground on City and Liverpool will be a daunting task. "I cannot go on holiday, it’s impossible," said Tuchel after beating the Hornets. "There are too many things to clarify and have an opinion on. It’s not necessary to do everything in person but the first days. I will be here anyway and around because my children are in school so the holidays will start with a bit of a delay. "We don’t really know what’s going to happen - if we are able to sell, do we want to sell, do we have a chance to get alternatives? The situation is not only for us as the ones responsible for the rebuild and for transfers, it’s also for the players a strange situation."