Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has hailed N'Golo Kante as "unique" while likening the midfielder's influence to that of Mohamed Salah, Virgil van Dijk and Kevin De Bruyne. Following his side's 1-1 draw with Leicester City on Thursday night, the German insisted it is a "miracle" the Blues will finish the Premier League season in third given the Frenchman's limited availability this campaign.  The European Champions have endured testing times this season and uncertainty looks set to continue into the summer. The club's takeover is on the brink of being finalised, however, much of the current squad could move on from Stamford Bridge as Tuchel faces a west London exodus. Among those with question marks surrounding his future is midfielder maestro Kante, however, following the Blues' home draw with the Foxes, Tuchel spoke out on the 31-year-old's influence, insisting he remains a "key" player, while claiming his influence at Chelsea is on a par with that of Mohamed Salah or Virgil van Dijk at Liverpool, or De Bruyne at Manchester City. "He is our key, key, key player, but he needs to be on the pitch and play all the games," Tuchel declared. "But he only played about 40 per cent so it's a miracle we arrived here in third. JUST IN: Five players Chelsea need to sign after Todd Boehly takeover  "He is our Mo Salah, our Van Dijk, our De Bruyne. He is the guy that makes the difference. "When he plays he gets Man of the Match, but when he's only here for 40 per cent of the matches. I don't blame him, but it's a concern and we miss him a lot. "He brings something that is unique in world football. He can make the difference, but he can only make the difference if he is on the pitch. This is our target for N'Golo." When probed on whether Kante was "one of the very best" of all time, Tuchel replied "for sure", before adding: "Because he's not in the spotlight, he's even more important to the team. That's why we love him so much and everybody wants to play to him." DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel makes heartfelt promise to fansChelsea team news: Expected XI vs Leicester as Lukaku leads the lineChelsea's Cesar Azpilicueta in 'final talks' with Thomas Tuchel today  With just over one year remaining on his Chelsea deal, the World Cup winner has found himself linked with a move to Manchester United as part of Erik ten Hag's potential rebuild. There are fears in west London that the club could lose the midfielder in a similar fashion to some other key players who are set to depart this summer. Both Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen will leave for free at the end of the season, to Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively, when their current deals come to an end. Uncertainty also remains over the futures of Cesar Azpilicueta and Alonso, amid strong interest from Barcelona, while Jorginho, another whose contract expires next summer, has been linked with a move back to Italy. 