Chelsea have reportedly revived their interest in Paris-Saint Germain's Achraf Hakimi amid fears Manchester City or Real Madrid could make a swoop for Reece James. The 22-year-old has been one of the Blues' stand-out performers in recent seasons and it appears his consistently impressive displays have not gone unnoticed by some of Europe's elite. According to The Athletic, both City and Champions League winners Real Madrid admire James, and concerns that either could move to sign the right-back have forced Chelsea to contemplate a contingency plan. The reports states that the Blues are monitoring the situation of PSG's Hakimi as a potential replacement should the unthinkable happen and they lose James against their will. The west London club are reportedly keen to discuss a new deal with the England international as they look to allay fears he could depart by tying him down to a fresh contract. Apparent doubts over his long-term future at Stamford Bridge appear to have forced Chelsea to once again consider Hakimi - a player they have been keen on in the past. As recently as last summer the Blues pushed to sign the Moroccan full-back from Inter Milan but were beaten to his signature by PSG. The 23-year-old has enjoyed a fine first campaign, contributing four goals and six assists across 32 appearances as the French giants reclaimed the Ligue 1 title. JUST IN: Chelsea wonderkid speaks out on future after Arsenal 'make contact'  While interest in Hakimi suggests Chelsea are bracing themselves for a battle to retain James, it could potentially be the case that Thomas Tuchel is planning to tweak his role at the club. James has regularly been deployed in a right wing-back role for the Blues, however could move into the right of a back three - a position has has previously played in under the German. The switch would therefore accommodate the potential arrival of Hakimi, or a different attacking right-back, while also seeing Tuchel address his current centre-back concerns. With Chelsea set to lose Antonio Rudiger to Real Madrid and Andreas Christensen to Barcelona, the central defence will undoubtedly be the key area in which the Blues must strengthen this summer. DON'T MISS  Additional doubts remain over the futures of Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcus Alonso who have both been linked with Barcelona as well. It could well be the case that Sergino Dest heads the other way amid reported interest from Chelsea. Like Hakimi, the American is another the Blues are understood to be monitoring. The 21-year-old is capable of playing on either flank in wide defensive areas and his versatility makes him an enviable option. 