Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp took a moment to congratulate Nathaniel Phillips on his promotion to the Premier League with Bournemouth in the aftermath of the Reds' impressive win over Villarreal in the Champions League semi-finals on Tuesday. Liverpool will face either Manchester City or Real Madrid in this month's final after surviving a second-leg scare to overcome their Spanish opponents, who drew level on aggregate in the first half but were unable to prevent Klopp's men from scoring three goals after half-time to book their tickets to Paris. The result marked Liverpool's third Champions League semi-final triumph in the last five years and maintained their hopes of securing an unprecedented and historic quadruple at the end of the season. Klopp found the time to cast his mind back to England after the full-time whistle, though, in order to acknowledge Phillips' role in helping Bournemouth to secure a return to the Premier League after sealing the deal with a home victory over Nottingham Forest."Congratulations to Nat Phillips by the way," the Liverpool boss told reporters at the end of his post-match press conference in Spain.Phillips has played the entire 90 minutes in all but one of Bournemouth's matches in the Championship since joining the Cherries on loan from Liverpool at the end of the January transfer window. The 25-year-old starred at the back against Forest on Tuesday with an imperious defensive showing to help send Bournemouth back into England's top flight after a two-year absence. JUST IN: Roy Keane labels Frank Lampard tactics 'disgraceful' but tips survival The man from Bolton signed a new long-term deal at Liverpool back in August to keep him tied down to the Merseyside giants until the summer of 2025, but it remains to be seen whether he will move on from Anfield in the not-too-distant future. He has repeatedly underlined his desire to play regular football in order to aid his individual development and could be loaned again if he is not shipped out on a permanent basis at the end of the season.Liverpool will have a number of more pressing issues to contend with over the next few weeks, though, after reaching yet another Champions League final with their latest victory over Villarreal. The Reds also remain in the hunt for this season's Premier League title and will face Chelsea in the FA Cup final later this month as they look to add to their recent Carabao Cup triumph by clinching at least one additional trophy in the near future. They were given an almighty scare when Villarreal scored twice before half-time to bring the tie back on level terms but were ultimately saved by Fabinho, Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane, who found the back of the net after the interval to swing the result in Liverpool's favour. Klopp hailed the elite mentality of his players when asked to sum up their collective efforts after the final whistle but admitted that he was unhappy with their first-half performance under the lights at El Madrigal."Outstanding, massive, feels like the first because it’s always so special," he said. "For me, it’s the best club competition in the world, love it and love the sounds, the nights.“We deserved it and that’s really cool. Massive from the boys. Before the game, I told the boys I’d like to read the headlines which is that the ‘mentality monsters were in town’."I wanted us to be from the first moment someone who goes for the win. Couldn’t see that, but the second half was like this." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here