Stacey Solomon, 32, has been very busy over the past few months if her Instagram is anything to go by. The TV personality is planning her wedding to EastEnders beau Joe Swash, 40, and renovating their £1.2 million Essex country home, Pickle Cottage. Not only that but she has also been hosting numerous television shows while raising four children - including her five-month-old newborn daughter Rose. Now, a source close to the former X Factor star has said that Stacey is really starting to feel the pressure of organising her wedding day, which is looming ever closer. "Stacey hasn't stopped. "She's trying to do everything but she's the one putting the most stress on herself," they told OK! READ MORE:Katie Price facing jail for text calling ex’s fiancée 'wh*re' The mother-of-four - who shares newborn Rose and three-year-old son Rex with fiance Joe, 40 and has sons Zachary, 13, and Leighton, nine, with previous partners - accidentally revealed live on Loose Women that she was set to say 'I do' in July this year. It was previously reported that last-minute preparations are suddenly beginning to pile up and that the investment of fans in Stacey and Joe's big day has made the bride feel increasingly anxious. Speaking to Closer magazine earlier this year, a source revealed: "She’s started to panic about everything, from her guest list to her dress and the fans’ reaction to it – which is what prompted her BAFTA bridal look." In the hope of removing attention from her actual wedding dress - which she emotionally announced she had selected last month - Stacey allegedly made the decision of wearing a bridal-esque number to the BAFTAs so that eager fans wouldn't speculate on the style of her real gown. Their wedding has already been delayed after they decided to change venues, and after Stacey became pregnant with daughter, Rose. The couple pushed their wedding back to ensure all of their children would be involved in the special day. She told Cat Deeley on ITV ’s Lorraine last year: "We had the venue and we didn’t know we were going to move here. We saw the house and thought, 'Let’s go for it' "Now we’re here, we’d actually like to get married in the garden. We’re trying to see if we can do that. DONT MISS:Jennifer Aniston gives rare insight into Brad Pitt divorce (PHOTOS)Below Deck’s Malia White responds to return rumours (NEWS)Jennifer Connelly meets Prince William 35 years after Princess Diana (LATEST) "We don’t know if we’ll be able to get a licence and stuff. "The wedding planning is a bit on halt at the moment. It’s all just come at once, so many of these things have been in the planning for years… I feel so lucky, privileged and grateful and I just think you have to take any opportunity when it comes." Last month Stacey picked her wedding dress from Belfast bridalwear shop Verona Bridalni after trying on numerous designs at Pickle Cottage. The bride-to-be took to Instagram to upload a video of six incredible gowns hanging in her spare room as she tried them on, with her sister Jemma there to give her honest opinion. Alongside snaps of her beaming in the mirror with her sister, the former X Factor star gushed that she "never wanted to forget this feeling" after an emotional day. "Today I Choose My Wedding Dress," she said. "And I never want to forget this feeling… I’ve been putting it off I think because the more I got excited about it the more silly I felt for some reason… "I started feeling really conscious about not being, well I don’t know." "I decided to try my dresses on, at home with just me not making a “thing” of it. But it turns out it felt like the hugest “things” ever,” she wrote with a sobbing emoji.