During the visit, Kate revealed her youngest son, Prince Louis' favourite superhero is Spider-Man, and also that the youngster likes playing with Hulk toys. Kate and Prince William visited the Wheatley Group on Wednesday as part of their visit to Scotland to learn about how the organisation is tackling homelessness in the community. During the visit, the royal couple met with members of the public and learnt about how the group had helped the gain access to employment and support. The pair visited the home of local parent Joanne Wales and her son Jason, who is four-years-old - the same age as Prince Louis. When Jason showed the Cambridges' his Spider-Man and Hulk toys, Kate revealed that he shared an interest with the youngest of their three children.  She said: "Louis, our little boy, loves Spider-Man too". Kate and William have, over the years, divulged small glimpses into the lives amd personalities of their three children. This includes Prince George's favourite Disney film is The Lion King and Princess Charlotte enjoys spicy curry. Sarah Gristwood, a royal biographer, told People: "The events of the last year have meant that Kate did need to raise the bar, and she has. READ MORE: Camilla is 'a spare part' while 'Prince Charles does his own thing' "The changing times have required Kate to start to share a bit more. "She's done it carefully enough to be relatable — nothing that would cause controversy and nothing that could be considered oversharing." During Wednesday's visit to Scotland, the royal couple visited a school where young students are learning about empathy by observing an infant. The Duke of Cambridge joked during the meeting, saying: "Can you get my wife out of here before she gets broody?" Before the end of their visit, Kate held 10-month-old Saul in her lap as they looked through a book. DON'T MISS:Donald Trump’s dream opponent – Meghan Markle? [INSIGHT]Will Kate and William have a fourth baby? Duchess coos over baby [COMMENT]'Meghan Markle doesn't matter’ swipes Serbia's Eurovision entry [ANALYSIS] During the school visit, the royal pair who are known as the Earl and Countess of Strathearn when in Scotland, joined the children in sitting on the floor to watch baby Saul crawl around. The Roots of Empathy classroom program sees infants taken to visit elementary schools on a regular basis in order to allow the school children to observe the infants' development and emotions. Kate asked the students: "Do you think lots of schools should have a project like this?" When they replied in agreement, she added: "We do, too." 