Archie suffered brain damage during an incident at home. He was found with a ligature over his head on April 7. His mother explained that while it was thought to be an accident at first, it could have been part of an online challenge. Specialists treating the 12-year-old boy think it is "highly likely" he is dead, adding that his life-support treatment should stop. His parents want treatment to continue and have questioned the test's reliability. Archie's mum, Hollie Dance, told GB News: “He's gripped my hand very tightly, he's drawn blood where he's been squeezing so hard. "He's tried to open his eyes and I just feel like he's there and he needs time.” READ MORE: High cholesterol: Can you smell that? Three smelly symptoms associated with high levels Mrs Justice Arbuthnot stated that a brain-stem test would be best in Archie's interest. This was recommended by Barts Health NHS Trust, the hospital treating the boy. Mrs Arbuthnot’s ruling was made on Friday at a hearing in the Family Division of the High Court in London. A specialist has informed the judge that the brain stem was responsible for the functions which keep a person alive.  The NHS notes that for this diagnosis, three criteria must be met: The doctors also have to carry out different checks to ensure that symptoms are not triggered by different factors. Prior to the ruling, Ms Dance urged Mrs Justice Arbuthnot not to approve the brain-stem test. She said: “With the hospital there’s been no compassion and no empathy. “I’m still trying to come to terms with the trauma of what’s happened and trying to get my head round that and you’re already telling me you’re going to DNR him. “With that and organ donation it’s too much, I want to give him time to heal before we have to do things like that.” After the hearing, Barts Health NHS Trust spokesperson said: "This is an incredibly sad situation and our thoughts and sympathies are with Archie and his family at this time.  "Following the decision that brain stem testing is in Archie's best interests, we will now take steps to arrange the testing to take place next week as directed by the court." On May 5, barrister Fiona Paterson, representing Barts Health NHS Trust, explained that Archie hadn't regained consciousness and was dependent on mechanical ventilation. She said: "Even if Archie is not brain-stem dead, his treating team consider that it is highly unlikely that he will ever recover consciousness and consequently it is in his best interests that his mechanical ventilation be withdrawn.” However, Archie’s parents were concerned that a brain stem test might not reliably lead to a determination of death, according to Bruno Quintavalle, representing parents Ms Dance and Paul Battersbee.