During Sunday night's Antiques Roadshow, BBC host Fiona Bruce took viewers to Porchester Castle on the Hampshire coast. Guests brought the experts several unique antiques to be valued including the likes of an unpublished poem by Siegfried Sassoon, a Titanic survivor's letter, and a rare cigarette lighter. However, it was a World War One Victoria Cross that caught the attention of expert Mark Hill. He explained it was the first time he'd ever seen a Victoria Cross brought to the show. "This is a unique moment on the Antiques Roadshow," the expert beamed. "In all the years I've been on the Roadshow, we have never had a Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry this country has." The guest explained the man in the photo which accompanied the cross was his wife's grandfather, who tragically died when she was just five. "I have very vague memories because I actually was only coming up to my fifth birthday when he actually passed away," she recalled. READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison The guest continued: "I'm very proud of him, obviously, with what he achieved." Mark proceeded to read out a citation about the guest's grandfather, as he explained: "This is what the King would have been told. "In the attack on the morning of October 4, 1917, Mark Sargent James Ockenden was acting company, Sergeant Major. "Noticing the right platoon held up by an enemy machine gun which was causing many casualties, he, with absolute disregard for his personal safety, immediately rushed the gunman, killed two of the gunners and followed and killed the third before making his escape across no man's land." Mark went on to add: "He then led a party to an attack on a trench, this party was heavily fired on and Sergeant Ockenden dashed ahead and called upon the garrison to surrender. "They continued to fight, however, in great boldness Sergeant Ockenden then opened fire himself. "Having killed four of the enemy, he forced the remaining 16 to surrender. "During the remainder of the day, Sergeant Ockenden opened and displayed the greatest gallantry." DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [CAST]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [VIDEO]Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [INSIGHT] Turning his attention to the Victoria Cross, the expert said: "It's a very humble medal." He told the guests that Queen Victoria had never wanted the medal to be worth any money because it was made out of a cheap piece of bronze. Discussing what happened to the hero at the end of the war, the guest explained he was gassed and so he was medically discharged with honour. "He led a quiet life until the Second World War until he joined the Home Guard," he told Mark. "As we said, Queen Victoria didn't want it to be worth any money," Mark added. "But they do have a value." When asked whether they had any idea what the medal might be worth at auction, the guest replied: "Not really, it is something that will never leave the family." Mark proceeded to tell them: "[It's worth between] £250,000 to £300,000." There was a brief moment of silence before, the guest said in shock: "I didn't think it would be worth that much. I need a stiff cup of coffee." Antiques Roadshow returns on Sunday at 8pm on BBC One.