The FSB insider also claimed that the Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov will exploit the ensuing political chaos to create an "Emirate of the Caucasus" on Russian territory. Russian forces have launched a new offensive in Ukraine's eastern territories, as Putin strives to take control of the entire Donbas region. The Ukrainian army continues to put up fierce resistance and is currently succeeding in slowing the Russian advance from the east. Kyiv's forces are carrying out tactical retreats and launching their own counterattacks in the Kharkiv region, inflicting heavy losses on the Russian invaders. In a letter to the Russian human rights campaigner, Vladimir Osechkin, the FSB agent predicts Putin's army will fail in achieving its objectives in the Battle for the Donbas. This in turn will have serious political and security consequences for Putin and ultimately could lead to the breakup of Russia as a unified country. The security agent said: "The current reality leaves the country with two options. "The first is a total collapse due to the full set of all wrong actions taken together. The second is a civil war." He argues that the Chechen leader is fully aware of the possibility of civil war breaking out and is carefully gathering his forces - patiently waiting for the opportunity to exploit the ensuing political turmoil to realise his long cherished ambition of creating an "Emirate of the Caucasus". The insider explained: "There is reason to believe that Kadyrov is not only aware of the inevitability of a civil war in Russia, but is actively playing along the lines of a potential split. "Kadyrov himself does not care about Ukraine, the Donbas, and this entire war. "He has gone beyond these limits, he is already thinking in a different reality." The Chechen strongman has sent some of his troops to fight along with Russian forces in Ukraine. A report on Russian state TV claimed that as many as 12,000 Chechens had travelled to Ukraine to fight in the war. READ MORE: Russia’s victory parade may cause further humiliation for Putin  However, the FSB insider said these were not Kadyrov's elite forces but were simply some "'Chechen volunteers', employees of law enforcement agencies, etc..". He continued: "Kadyrov will become the main beneficiary of the military failure of the Russian Armed Forces. "In the upcoming Donbas meat grinder, he is guaranteed to keep his forces intact, while in any outcome of the battle, the rest of the Russian forces will be heavily drained and exhausted. "In general, Kadyrov cannot but realise that after the Donbas battle, he will retain the most powerful and combat-ready military force in the country. "But then a big turmoil can begin, in which everything will be incomprehensible." He added: "By all indications, Kadyrov, like no one else, is preparing for this particular point, everything else is informational tinsel, designed to hide his true plans." DON'T MISS Ukraine defence forces bring down Alligator helicopter - VIDEO [REVEAL]The looming collapse of Russia's AI and technology sector laid bare [INSIGHT]Hungary and Austria cave on veto over EU-wide ban on Russian oil [NEWS] The FSB agent concluded by heavily criticising Putin, accusing him of sacrificing everything for the sake of his political ambitions. He wrote: "The culmination of the Russian problem has now been created personally by Putin, already by the fact that he puts his political demands above any expediency: military, social, economic. We do not have a strategy. "Two weeks ago, there was hope that the current crisis would force the top leadership of the country to take a responsible step back, assess the situation and look for real solutions to the current situation. "But instead, we see the behaviour of a player who has lost his temper and is trying to recoup at any cost. "And there is no one to stop him, and his environment indulges this. You should have seen how even ours grovel .."