The majority of the family’s wealth comes from Mrs Murty’s £690million stake in IT giant Infosys, the Indian company co-founded by her billionaire father, NR Narayana Murthy. Before becoming an MP, Mr Sunak worked for Goldman Sachs. Earlier this year, Mrs Murty became embroiled in a huge row over her non-domicile status, which meant she was not required to pay UK taxes on her overseas income. The 42-year-old later agreed to pay UK taxes on her worldwide earnings following a public outcry. Mr Sunak was also cleared of breaching the ministerial code by Boris Johnson’s standards adviser Lord Geidt, after the Chancellor referred himself amid accusations he had failed to be transparent over his wife’s non-dom status. Mr Sunak accused his political opponents of “smearing” his wife to get at him. But Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said his Cabinet colleague is a “fantastic example” of a successful businessman now ­dedicated to public service. He dismissed claims the Chancellor’s wealth meant he was out of touch with normal people during the cost-of-living crisis. Mr Raab said: “Rishi Sunak is a fantastic example of someone who’s been successful in business who’s come in to make a big impact in public service. “I think we want more of those people. I think it’s fantastic that you’ve got someone of British Indian origin, showing all people in our country that you can get to the top of politics. “And frankly, I think if I understood correctly, the Sunday Times Rich List was a reflection of not just him, but his wife. “And to be honest with you, his wife is an incredibly successful entrepreneur in her own right. “Again someone that’s here, British-Indian, and actually I think we want to see more women succeeding in both business and politics.” The couple own a property portfolio of four homes worth an estimated £15million, including a £5million LA penthouse overlooking the beach where Baywatch was filmed. The publication of the list comes as the cost-of-living crisis bites the UK even harder, with inflation rising sharply to nine percent in the year to April, meaning prices are rising at their fastest rate for 40 years. In February, Mr Sunak announced a £9billion package of support measures. But he is under increasing pressure to offer more help to households as energy bills and food prices continue to rise. Mr Sunak recently gave a speech at the Confederation of British Industry, saying: “There is no measure any government could take, no law we could pass, that can make these global forces disappear overnight. “The next few months will be tough. But where we can act, we will.” Billionaire brothers Sri and Gopi Hinduja took the top spot on the Sunday Times Rich List with an eye-watering fortune of £28billion. It is the biggest fortune recorded in the 34 years of publication of the list. The super rich siblings, who run the Mumbai-based conglomerate Hinduja Group, saw their wealth increase by more than £11billion compared to last year. Inventor Sir James Dyson and his family moved up to second in the list after a £6.7billion increase to £23billion. Property investors David and Simon Reuben were third with £22billion. Ukrainian-born Sir Leonard Blavatnik dropped from top spotto fourth. The latest ranking of the 250 richest people in Britain also revealed a record 177 billionaires in the UK this year, up from 2021. But Russian billionaires tumbled down this year’s rankings after the Ukraine invasion. One notable absentee from the top of the list is Roman Abramovich. The former Chelsea owner slid from eighth to 28th after his finances plummeted from £12billion to £6billion after sanctions. List compiler Robert Watts said: “While many of us are experiencing the greatest squeeze we can remember, the super rich have had another record year.”