The south east will see the warmest weather with temperatures hitting 24C on Saturday, the warmest day of the year so far. However temperatures will be as low as 12C in northern Scotland on Saturday and 13C on Sunday.   Although Saturday will mostly be dry there will be the possibility of showers in the south later on in the evening. Showers are likely to move up from the south on Sunday creating a more unsettled picture. Met Office Meteorologist Aidan McGivern said that Saturday morning would see a "cool start" but that temperatures would "soon rise". He said: "For Saturday morning a cool start to the day but temperatures soon rise with sunny skies fairly widely.  "Sunshine up and down from the north of Scotland to the south of England."16 to 19 Celsius widely, 24 the possible high in the south east that would make it the warmest day of the year. "That warmth as it arrives is likely to spark a few heavy showers. "By Saturday evening those showers will make an appearance in the south west." READ MORE: Europe heatwave: Blistering 30C hot weather to peak THIS WEEKEND  However the meteorological service warned that more unsettled weather was coming later in the week. They said: "Warm air from the south will bring above average temperatures to most places in the UK over the next week, but a series of low-pressure systems will break up any potential sustained warm periods with showers and unsettled weather. "In recent days the Met Office computer models have been indicating some uncertainty around the outcome of the interaction between continental high pressure – bringing warm and settled conditions – and low-pressure systems over the Atlantic which will bring wet and breezy weather. "As we get closer to next week, it looks likely that the low pressure will increasingly dominate, pushing the high eastwards. DON'T MISS: Turbulent weekend for Brits with sweltering heat and thunderstorms [REVEAL] UK hot weather: Scorching 5-DAY heatwave to hit THIS weekend [INSIGHT] BBC Weather: Brits warned 'longer spell of rain' set to hit UK [SPOTLIGHT]  "This means that the plume of warm air will be interrupted by a series of weather fronts, bringing showers that may at times be heavy or thundery. "The Met Office forecast for this period has always indicated it was unlikely we would see conditions anywhere that matched our technical definition of a heatwave, which would require temperatures above the heatwave threshold for an area for three days in a row. "However, almost everywhere will see above average temperatures for May next week, with parts of the south east potentially reaching a maximum in the mid-to-high 20s Celsius on Tuesday. "With the warmth will come dry and sunny spells for many, but showers, sometimes heavy, will also track across the whole country, particularly the north and west. "These might be thundery at times in parts of the south, central England and south-west Scotland.” Met Office Chief Meteorologist Andy Page said: “The plume of warm air we have been expecting from the south will bring higher temperatures across the whole country over the next week. "However, it looks like the effects from the Atlantic lows will prevent sustained high pressure building from the east. "This means that while we might see some warm - and in places very warm – days, overall the next week will feel more like what we would expect of a warm spell in May, with some heavy showers around, rather than hot summery weather." 