Yesterday another 11 cases of monkeypox were confirmed in the UK. That brings the total number of cases confirmed to 20. In his official update, Health Secretary Sajid Javid said "most cases" of the viral infection are mild. Nonetheless, it's important to watch out for the signs and take suitable action if you spot them. Speaking to BBC Breakfast, Professor Linda Bauld listed the "visual" symptoms to spot. In describing the symptoms, the professor struck a reassuring tone. "I don't think people should be alarmed." Coming out of the pandemic, there is a better collective understanding of viruses and the epidemiology of viruses. This has led to increasing headlines about the spread of pathogens, prof Bauld noted. READ MORE: Monkeypox: Doctor Hilary shares four symptoms to look out for - ‘Looks like smallpox’ But monkeypox is "fundamentally different" to Covid, she said, because it presents quite differently to SARS‑CoV‑2, which is often asymptomatic, the prof pointed out. "Although symptoms take longer to develop, people often get these pustules," she said. A pustule is a bulging patch of skin that's full of a yellowish fluid called pus. "It may start with a fever and then a rash so it's much more visible," said Prof Bauld. DON'T MISSPancreatic cancer: Smell that? The smelly symptom to spot [ADVICE]NHS to stop issuing prescriptions for 35 minor conditions [INSIGHT]Dementia: The red fruit that produces 'significant' improvements [TIPS] There are many reasons to be optimistic about the current handling of monkeypox. As Prof Bauld explained, in addition to being easy to spot, we have a vaccine which comes from the same vaccines as small pox. The current approach to controlling its spread involves "intense contact tracing", she said. This could be combined with vaccinating contacts so it doesn't spread, said Prof Spector. "So we are very vigilant and I am sure we will find out more. But people shouldn't be concerned." Virologist Doctor Chris Smith echoed this sentiment on BBC Breakfast. "The fact that the system has detected it and we are on to it is reassuring," said the doc. Thankfully this infection, for the vast majority of people who catch it, is mild, said Doctor Chris. We must still be "cautious, we've got to investigate", he added. According to Doctor Chris, the current consensus is "we are dealing with the West African version of monkeypox which is actually a relative of small pox". As he explained, this "sounds very damning and concerning but in humans is very mild". The doc added: "Most people will have a trivialness and be better in a couple of weeks." The NHS says to contact your GP or call 111 if you have a rash with blisters and either: