Concerns over the integrity of Liverpool vs Wolves have been raised after it emerged that the visitors will receive a multi-million-pound bonus if the Reds are crowned champions on Sunday. Jurgen Klopp's side are looking to hijack the Premier League title in the final 90 minutes of the season when they will need to take care of their own business before hoping Manchester City drop points at home to Aston Villa. The Reds are just a single point behind the champions, who boast a significantly better goal difference as we head into a crunch final day shootout. But as per The Daily Mail, question marks surrounding the integrity of Liverpool vs Wolves have started to linger due to an add-on included in the transfer deal that saw Diogo Jota move to Anfield in August 2020. Liverpool signed the Portuguese forward from Sunday's opponents for a fee of £40million, which could eventually rise to £45m. One of the bonuses included was that Wolves were due to a small payment should Jota win the Premier League with the Reds - something that could materialise this weekend. READ MORE: Liverpool blow as Aston Villa starter ruled out for '16 weeks' ahead of Man City clash In Wolves' defence, they will also gain an extra £2.2m if they consolidate eighth position in the final standings, which provides them with their own additional incentive to win the contest. There is also another intriguing backstory to the final-day drama at the Etihad Stadium, where Jack Grealish will face off against his former club Aston Villa. Yet it's understood the British transfer record's £100m switch from the Midlands did not include any add-ons which would see Villa land another payday if Grealish wins the Premier League with City. Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson conceded it's a difficult situation to manage when you are relying on results from elsewhere. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football He insists his team-mates will simply concentrate on their own fixture before worrying about what's going on at the Etihad Stadium. "We have had this before when they played Brighton away and they went one goal up, and the crowd cheer and you sort of know what is going on," Henderson said. "It’s hard to concentrate on the game and hopefully, we have that experience, we can learn from it and concentrate on what we need to. "I might give Stevie a call this week, hopefully he can do us a favour!" When asked if he will speak to Steven Gerrard ahead of Villa's trip to the Etihad, Jurgen Klopp said in midweek: "No, of course not. No there is no reason to talk to him. We all know Villa wants to win because Villa wants to win. Wolves will be no rollover though having pushed the Reds all the way in the first fixture between the two sides at Molineux earlier in the season. Divock Origi was the man of the moment, scoring a last-gasp 94th-minute stoppage-time winner to earn his side all three points. This Sunday's match will be his last Premier League game for Liverpool as he prepares to join AC Milan on a free transfer upon the expiry of his contract.