The Platinum Jubilee weekend has almost arrived, offering many Britons four days off work to mark the occasion. With so much to get done in the garden throughout June, the extended break is the perfect time to make a start on your summer beds, borders and lawn. These are the top eight tasks to do in your green space over the long break. While the first signs of summer are beginning to appear in gardens across the UK, there are still a few weeks until the season really sets in. With the brighter, warmer and longer days ahead, it’s a crucial time to prepare your plants and lawn for the peak growing season. Here are the eight most important jobs to make a start in early June. READ MORE: ‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack The extra light and warm weather in June will allow for quicker growth of fruits, vegetables and plants, but it will also encourage weeds to grow where they’re not wanted. These pesky plants will thrive in the early summer conditions, so make it your mission to keep on top of them by removing them by hand, and using weed killer treatments. Digging them up from the roots is “the best way to prevent them from spreading”, according to the green-fingered experts at GardeningExpress.co.uk. Make the most of the warmth by adding to your vegetable patches. Plant fresh produce like strawberries, lettuce and tomatoes over the weekend for a continual harvest throughout summer. These staple items will thrive in the sunshine, so they’re not to be missed out on. GardeningExpress.co.uk recommended planting delphiniums and coleus early in the month to brighten up beds, pots and borders. Lupins, calendula, godetia and clarkia can all be directly sown into the ground now too, according to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS). DON'T MISS:National Trust gardens: The ‘hidden gem’ gardens for half term week [INSIGHT]When to deadhead lupins to 'prolong the display' [REVEAL]How to kill a wasps nest - is it safe? [ANALYSIS] While summer bedding is ready to be planted, June is also a great time to start sowing ahead of next spring. The RHS said: “If you want to grow your own spring bedding for next year, many (including wallflowers, pansies, and daisies, Bellis perennis) need to be sown between May and July in order to flower next spring.” The warmer temperature can make your garden thrive, but the heat can allow for dry soil conditions which will dry out your plant. Being consistent with watering will increase the soil moisture levels, which will result in healthy plant growth. Keep your lawnmower in working order this weekend and keep cutting the grass every week. GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “This can be a gardener’s best friend to prevent weed seeds and keep moisture in the soil. “It also adds organic matter to the soil, enhancing your garden health and producing the brightest of plants.” Apply to beds, vegetable patches and your lawn too. Feathered visitors will be very active at this time of year, so keep your bird feeders full to keep them fed. This weekend is the perfect time to give bird feeders a wash ahead of a busy month. Pots and hanging baskets should be fed during the warm season to encourage flowering throughout the summer. Use a plant feed tailored to different varieties and always follow the application instructions before use.