Stranger Things is back with a bang as the first seven episodes of season four were dropped on Netflix on Friday, May 27. Mike Wheeler (played by Finn Wolfhard) is perceived as the group leader as well as the boyfriend of super-human Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown). At the end of season three, the young loved-up couple was forced apart, but the latest fourth outing shows what happens when Mike goes to California to visit his beloved girlfriend during spring break. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Stranger Things.Stranger Things has fast-forwarded one year since the events of season three took place. During this time away, Mike and El have been writing letters to keep one another up to date on both of their lives. Despite portraying her school life as fun-filled with a bustling social life, the reality is El is being bullied and it soon becomes apparent as he meets some of her classmates. With her powers no longer at her fingertips, El is struggling to learn how to handle her emotions when it comes to love and hate. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? Actor Finn Wolfhard has been portraying Mike since Stranger Things first launched in 2016 when he was just 13-years-old. This isn't the only 1980s-themed franchise Wolfhard has been part of either as he played Richie Tozier in the 2017 adaptation of Stephen King's IT and its 2019 sequel IT: Chapter Two. There has been a long wait for this new lot of Stranger Things episodes thanks to the coronavirus pandemic. Mike and the rest of the gang were last seen in 2019 so the actors themselves have changed a lot since their last appearances on Netflix. One of the most noticeable changes in Stranger Things season four is actor Wolfhard's height. According to CelebHeights, the young Canadian actor stands tall at 5ft 10in. Wolfhard confirmed this himself on Twitter in November 2020, posting: "[I just got] measured again and I'm 5 foot 10 and a half, so I'm almost Five Eleven." In comparison, the 19-year-old towers over his romantic co-star in Stranger Things. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Eric Pollard sells B&B over David's secret [THEORY]Stranger Things: Is Dr Brenner really Eleven's dad? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things: Did the experiments on Eleven happen in real life? [SPOILER] Actress Millie Bobby Brown who plays El in the sci-fi drama is 5ft 3in. So there is a whopping seven-inch difference between the onscreen couple. Wolfhard is in fact one of the tallest of the young cast members, only being pipped to the post by Steve Harrington actor Joe Keery who is just over 5ft 10in. The youngster along with the rest of the show's stars will be returning to the streaming service to finish off this latest series. The first seven episodes of Stranger Things were released on Friday, May 27. For those who have already binge-watched the drama, series four isn't quite over yet. There are two more instalments that are due to come out Friday, July 1. Stranger Things is available to watch on Netflix.