Arsenal are leading the race to sign Leicester City midfielder Youri Tielemans this summer, according to reports. Tielemans only has a year left on his Leicester contract and is poised to leave the club once the transfer window opens amid interest from Arsenal and Real Madrid.    Leicester are experiencing a poor end to their campaign, having been knocked out in the semi-finals of the Europa Conference League by Roma and gone five games without a win in the Premier League. The Foxes, who are 14th in the Premier League after their 2-1 defeat by Everton on Sunday, appear to be heading towards a summer of change. The Daily Mail reports that several first-team players could leave once the window opens on July 1, with Tielemans, Harvey Barnes and James Maddison attracting interest. It is Tielemans who has caught Arsenal’s eye and, although Leicester want to keep the Belgian international, they know this summer represents the last chance to earn a significant transfer fee for him. The Sun reports that Arsenal are ‘closing in’ on a £40million deal for Tielemans, having moved ahead of Real Madrid in the pecking order. JUST IN: Woodward warned Pogba before talk of Man City transfer started Real could pounce if Arsenal don’t secure Champions League football, but their 2-1 win over Leeds United on Sunday – their fourth in succession – saw Mikel Arteta’s side go four points clear of fifth-placed Tottenham with three games left to play. Therefore, there is understood to be ‘growing confidence’ from Tielemans’ camp and Arsenal that the 25-year-old central midfielder will move to north London. Tielemans has contributed 24 goals and 23 assists in 154 appearances for Leicester. He joined the club on a permanent basis from Monaco in July 2019 for a club-record £40m fee after initially impressing on loan. DON'T MISS Jamie Carragher tears into 'idiot' Luke Ayling after shocking tackle Arsenal's Nketiah 'too embarrassed to celebrate' after Leeds howler Arsenal and Man Utd learn Ruben Neves transfer 'preference' He helped the Foxes win the FA Cup in 2021 by scoring the only goal in the 1-0 win over Chelsea at Wembley, but Brendan Rodgers admitted in January that his departure was very likely after contract negotiations broke down. "He is at an age and at a stage in his contract where he has to ensure he looks at every option. I would love it to be here at Leicester, that is natural, but I understand it's a very short career,” Rodgers said. "For players it's about ambition, the challenge and sometimes it's about a different environment. We have seen it before many times. Teams have won the Champions League and the player will move on. That's the nature of it. For me, I can only worry about keeping improving him as a player, keeping him focused and letting everything else be taken care of.” 