Manchester United have concluded dressing room leaks won’t be an issue next season, according to reports. Ralf Rangnick has had to contend with story after story coming out of Old Trafford since he replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the season. But, now, it appears the Red Devils are satisfied things will be better next time out. Manchester United sacked Solskjaer in November, less than 24 hours after a chastening 4-1 defeat to Watford at Vicarage Road. And Rangnick was then installed as his successor, with the German arriving from Russian side Lokomotiv Moscow where he’d worked as a director. Since then, however, United have had to contend with numerous leaks behind the scenes coming from the dressing room. Accusations have been made on social media, with fans determined to find the mole. And The National say United have now concluded that leaks won’t be an issue they’ll have to deal with when Erik ten Hag takes charge this summer. It appears that, after an investigation, they’ve now got to the bottom of the matter. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And that will certainly be good news for United and their fans, who need everybody pulling together as they plot a way back to the top of the game. A big summer of change lies in wait as the Red Devils look to improve on their woeful showings and results this season. The mood at Carrington has been ‘low’ but has apparently been boosted after Ten Hag revealed he’d be leaving Ajax early in order to get started. And several fresh faces are expected to arrive. United won’t be spending lavishly, however, particularly after failing to qualify for the Champions League for the fourth time in nine seasons. Declan Rice is one player of interest, having sparkled for club and country over the past 12 months. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But with West Ham making it clear they’d want a fee in the region of £150million, it’s unlikely he’ll make the move to Old Trafford. Barcelona need money to balance their finances with United courting Frenkie de Jong, who played under Ten Hag at Ajax. Yet the Red Devils won’t break the bank for the Netherlands international, even if they’re hopeful of snapping him up. In defence, Ajax star Jurrien Timber is admired. Yet United have midfield and attack as their priorities this summer and hope the likes of Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof will be better next term. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz There’s also hope Raphael Varane, who joined from Real Madrid last summer, will be improved as well. So it’ll be interesting to see how United fare with Ten Hag in the dugout, with Rangnick primed to move upstairs as a consultant. Meanwhile, speaking earlier in the week, the former Ajax boss elaborated on his decision to begin ahead of schedule. “Because we have agreed that I will be employed by United from May 16,” he stated. “There are still a few things that need to be done in preparation for the season. “Among other things, with regard to the content of the staff and the composition of the selection. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I will leave my mark and I have to do it very carefully.” And Ten Hag also talked up Cristiano Ronaldo, adding: “The detailed analysis still has to begin, I still have to work with the team, but let me be clear that at United there are a lot of good players around. “We have to make them function as a team but definitely Ronaldo, he is a giant. “Ronaldo is a giant, because of what he's already shown and I think he's still very ambitious. “Of course I would like to keep him. He's been very important to Manchester United this year and can produce great statistics."