Health officials in the US have confirmed that the first case of Monkeypox has been detected in the country in 2021, as fears of a major outbreak grow.  The virus, which is fatal to one in 10 infected people, recorded new cases in both the UK and Portugal today, with suspected cases in Spain and Canada. According to a statement by the Massachusetts Department of Public Health, the infected patient is an adult male who recently travelled to Canada.  The health body said: "The case poses no risk to the public, and the individual is hospitalized and in good condition. "DPH is working closely with the CDC, relevant local boards of health, and the patient’s health care providers to identify individuals who may have been in contact with the patient while he was infectious." This comes as two new cases of the monkeypox virus have been confirmed in the UK, bringing up the total number of confirmed diagnoses since May 6 to nine. Monkeypox is a virus that is usually found in Central and Western Africa and can be transmitted by contact and droplet exposure via exhaled large droplets.  According to the global health body, symptoms can be mild or severe and can include lesions that can be very itchy or painful. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) has detected two additional cases of monkeypox, one in London and one in the South East of England. The UKHSA added that both of these cases do not have known connections with the previous confirmed cases announced on May 16, 14 and 7. The UKHSA said: "The two latest cases have no travel links to a country where monkeypox is endemic, so it is possible they acquired the infection through community transmission." READ MORE: WHO issues dire warning as cases of deadly Monkeypox confirmed in UK THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW The first case of the monkeypox virus among humans was recorded in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 1970. Since then, the illness has spread to countries around the world, although the virus is mostly found in central and western Africa. Earlier this week, the UKHSA noted that is also investigating links with the monkeypox virus as four of the cases recorded on May 16 have self-identified as gay, bisexual or other men who have sex with men. Dr Susan Hopkins, chief medical adviser at UKHSA said: “This is rare and unusual. “We are particularly urging men who are gay and bisexual to be aware of any unusual rashes or lesions and to contact a sexual health service without delay.” DON'T MISS: Sweden can deploy 'more than 1,000' fighter planes to help Ukraine [INSIGHT] Putin's worst nightmare: up to 100 US nuclear weapons surround Russia [REVEAL] EU ‘on the brink’ of losing UK's £15bn cash injection [SPOTLIGHT] The UKHSA said: "Monkeypox has not previously been described as a sexually transmitted infection, though it can be passed on by direct contact during sex. "It can also be passed on through other close contact with a person who has monkeypox or contact with clothing or linens used by a person who has monkeypox." The virus does not usually spread easily between people. The risk to the UK population remains low. Dr Susan Hopkins, chief medical adviser at UKHSA, said: “These latest cases, together with reports of cases in countries across Europe, confirms our initial concerns that there could be spread of monkeypox within our communities. 