Jeff Hordley, who portrays Emmerdale hard man Cain Dingle on the ITV soap, discussed his character with Rochelle Humes and Phillip Schofield on Thursday's episode of This Morning. After talking about Cain's latest storyline, Jeff admitted to ITV viewers he thought the character was "two dimensional" during his first years in the soap. Refecting on Jeff's Emmerdale career, which spans more than two decades, Phillip said: "One of the best things about watching you is that when you started all those years ago, I think for the first six years, you would admit that [Cain] was not very layered." Jeff nodded and added: "He was a grumpy guy who lived at the top with the Dingles and he was not integrated into the village. "Then I left the show, came back after three years and they began to integrate him and he became a little bit more likeable." "But his DNA had not changed," the actor explained. READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison "But yeah, he was a bit two dimensional, almost one dimensional." Later on, Jeff inadvertently revealed Cain's fate to ITV viewers. He said the cast is being kept in the dark on the plans to mark Emmerdale's 50th anniversary later this year. Jeff said: “It’s being kept close to the chest of the producers.” Phillip, however, used the upcoming festivities to push the line of questioning toward Cain’s fate.  The This Morning host asked the actor: “You’re looking forward to that then?” Jeff replied: “It’s going to be great, yeah,” after which Phil tripped him up and said: “So you’re not dead.” The actor burst into laughter as he repeated the question before Phillip added: “There’s no way they’re going to kill you!” Perhaps in a bid to throw Phillip off the scent, Jeff insisted: "You never know."  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes even... [THEORY]Emmerdale theory: Cain turns back on Faith after tragic secret exposed [SPOILER] Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle to discover he is Noah's father  [EMMERDALE] A curious Phillip added: “Emmerdale producer Laura Shaw confirmed something big would happen that would change the dynamic between Cain and Al [Chapman] forever." Phillip stated: “You can’t have a dynamic if one of you's dead.” Jeff smiled: “Correct, so she’s let the cat out of the bag there hasn’t she?” Cain has developed a habit of wanting to kill people without actually going through with it in recent years.  This has happened in the case of Joe Tate (played Ned Porteous) and the several attempts he made to get revenge on Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Jeff recently teased how his character will develop a grudge against Dan Spencer (Liam Fox) in light of his moment of passion with his mother Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter). "He is really hurting and this is the start of him really wanting to wash his hands of Faith," the actor told Express.co.uk and other media. Emmerdale airs weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 