Tiverton residents, now facing a crucial by-election following Tory Neil Parish’s resignation, shared concern over Boris Johnson and his reliability as Prime Minister following partygate updates. Mr Johnson has been facing renewed pressure in the run-up to the publication of the full Sue Gray report into Number 10 partygate during the lockdown. And on Monday, a series of pictures were leaked to the press showing the Prime Minister toasting with colleagues inside his Downing Street office. Speaking with Good Morning Britain, a Tiverton resident commented: “The man is a liar. “And I don’t trust people who lie to me”. Another resident said: “The man should’t be allowed to be in office at all, and I think it’s quite sad”. Another resident, on the other side, shared a different stance and claimed: “I think he’s a good leader”. The claims follow the release of photos by ITV News on Monday which show the Prime Minister toasting colleagues in 10 Downing Street in the middle of the second national lockdown. In the pictures, Mr Johnson is seen raising a glass while standing next to a table laden with bottles and glasses of wine and food. The pictures are believed to have been taken at a leaving do at No.10 for the Prime Minister’s communications chief Lee Cain on 13 November 2020. The revelations raised fresh questions as to why the Prime Minister was not fined by the Metropolitan Police for attending the gathering when other attendees are believed to have been given a fixed penalty notice. READ MORE: GB News: Tempers flare over monkeypox 'hysteria' A second lockdown was in place in England at the time the photos were taken, with indoor gatherings of two or more people banned except if “reasonably necessary” for work purposes. Conservative MP Sir Desmond Swayne showed support to the Prime Minister and claimed he believed the gathering was “a work do” and added, “that’s what people do at work”. He also said: “Now I understand entirely the public anguish at a time when they were locked down and they were not supposed to be together, but there clearly was a distinction between the workplace, where people work together and are effectively in a bubble and what was taking place outside”. Besides the updates on partygate and the investigations, Tiverton residents are now facing a crucial by-election following the resignation as MP of Tory Neil Parish. DON'T MISS: Nicola Sturgeon told joining euro is 'main problem' of independence [WATCH]US issues damning warning to Britain over hated Brexit deal [LISTEN]Brexit: UK to OVERRIDE parts of hated deal within weeks  [INSIGHT] The resignation comes after Mr Parish admitted to watching pornography in the House of Commons. Mr Parish admitted he had watched adult material twice in Parliament claiming the first fine was accidental while looking at tractors whereas the second was defined as “a moment of madness”. Businesswoman Liz Pol has been selected as the Labour candidate for the Tiverton as well as the Honiton by-election in Devon on June 23. Former headteacher Helen Hurford has instead been selected as the Conservative candidate for the June by-election.