Danny Dyer has been on BBC viewers' screens for many years, first as pub-owner Mick Carter in EastEnders and most recently as the game show host of The Wall. The star revealed earlier this year he would be leaving the BBC soap EastEnders after nine years and over 1000 episodes. He has also now stated he will not be hosting BBC's The Wall despite being the show's frontman since 2019.    Danny, 44, appears to be distancing himself from the BBC with his eyes set on new projects. In January this year, he divulged he would be jumping ship to one of the broadcaster's rival TV providers. TV fans will now have to tune into Sky and Netflix to get their dose of the cheeky chap. He is reported to be working with Sky on a six-figure deal, which is much less than his current BBC contract but leaves him free to explore other options. Read More: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines’ from Queen at jubilee     The Wall has aired four seasons in the UK and has multiple celebrity specials. When asked if he would be returning to host the show by The Sun he simply replied: "No." He reportedly is on a £1million salary at the BBC, but his double exit blow allows him to work on new projects. On leaving the soap, he previously disclosed to The Mirror it was "a risk" exiting the BBC show, but he believed his role as Mick Carter needed to be "rested". He added: "When you’re in a job like a soap, your contract comes up for renewal and every time it has, they’ve asked me to stay and I’m very grateful for that.   "I’ve seen a lot of people come and go, it’s very tough.” Although the decision did not come easily, he continued: "I always debate whether I want to sign again and I’ve been contemplating for a while now about whether it’s time to roll the dice and take the leap. "The big news is I’ve decided not to renew my contract, that’s all.” As well as working with Sky, he will be picking up a brand new game show with Netflix. DON’T MISS…The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth admits co-star Alexander Dreymon 'blows me away' [LATEST]'He's awful!' Question of Sport fans slam captain's sports knowledge 'Every week' [LATEST]Midsomer Murders welcomes back John Nettles for a special episode 'Tribute to the talent' [LATEST] The Netflix account for the UK and Ireland tweeted on May 16 and said: "NEWS: Danny Dyer (@MrDDyer) and Ellie Taylor (@EllieJaneTaylor) will host CHEAT, a brand new Netflix quiz show where contestants can literally cheat their way to a fortune." The news of the Netflix game show was met with mixed reviews. @BlindWanda said: "Let's spend millions of pounds on a show that nobody will watch with the idea of the players cheating their way to millions of pounds. "Netflix I have a show idea, People watch paint dry for an hour. I'll need a camera and a tin of paint and millions of pounds for it to work." (sic)  