Erik ten Hag’s transfer plans are already in chaos as he looks to make his mark at Manchester United, according to reports. The Red Devils are hoping to land a midfielder this summer. But, when it comes to landing Declan Rice, Kalvin Phillips and Jude Bellingham, they face issues along the way. Manchester United need a new midfielder this summer, with Ten Hag determined to win a trophy at the first time of asking. Nemanja Matic has confirmed he’ll be leaving Old Trafford after five years, while the likes of Paul Pogba, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard are set to leave as well. That will leave United with just Fred, Scott McTominay, Donny van de Beek and Bruno Fernandes as established midfielder options. And, now, the Daily Star say Ten Hag is set to miss out on four of his top targets. Rice has been offered an eight-year contract by West Ham, who are determined to keep their prized asset at the London Stadium. And, in any case, he’s hinted he’ll still be strutting his stuff with the Hammers next term. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings That’s a blow to United, who have long made him their No 1 midfield target for the summer window. Phillips has also been tracked behind the scenes, having been consistent for Leeds and England over the past 12 months. However, he has no intention of crossing the divide in yet another blow to Ten Hag. United have previously raided Leeds for the likes of Eric Cantona and Alan Smith, who joined when Sir Alex Ferguson was manager. But history won’t be repeating itself this time around, meaning United will have to look at other options. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Bellingham is yet another midfielder United have been looking at, too. They came close to landing the Borussia Dortmund star in the summer of 2020, when he was preparing to leave Birmingham City behind. And that ship now looks to have sailed with Dortmund making it clear their prized asset isn’t for sale. The Bundesliga titans have already lost Erling Haaland, who will join Manchester City at the end of the campaign. And they don’t want to let Bellingham go, too, especially with the 18-year-old still having so much to learn. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Now, Ten Hag will have to go back to the drawing board. Sergej Milinkovic-Savic is another midfielder on United’s radar, having enjoyed a storming season for Lazio in Serie A. Yet the Italian side have made it clear the Serbia international isn’t on the market, too. Meanwhile, former Ajax star Joel Veltman has hailed Ten Hag ahead of his imminent move to the Premier League. “Yeah [he made us better players], especially against big opponents,” the Dutchman told MUTV. “I think we showed that in the Champions League run that we had, three years ago. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He knew where the weaknesses were in the big opponents. Sometimes, you don’t need to be the better team but if you are a team, you can have great results.” And he added: “I would say that when he came in at Ajax, everybody was like, ‘yeah, what can we expect?’ He did a great job at Utrecht, where he came from before Ajax. “But Ajax like to play attractive football and he knew that, and [he just applied the] finishing touches that he was really focusing on, like the five seconds rule, that kind of thing. “[He told us to] keep the ball a lot and if we lost it, to directly pressure opponents when they were not organised. That kind of thing he was putting in our team. “He expects a lot on the training pitch, because he was always saying, ‘if you don’t perform on the training pitch, you will never show on the gameday’. “So, he was really putting pressure on us at training.”