Gary Neville has explained why he would not pick Mohamed Salah as his player of the year. Neville chose Son Heung-min as his best player of the season, while Jamie Carragher also went against Salah for the award. Carragher agreed with Neville in not picking Salah, despite being the Premier League’s top scorer and top assist provider, as the former Liverpool defender chose Kevin De Bruyne as his player of the year. Speaking on Monday Night Football, Neville explained his Son pick: “One goal off Mo Salah for a team that is completely different in style, are not as good. I think everyone loves him, I think he could play for any team in the world. If he was available any team in Europe would take him. “De Bruyne, absolutely amazing. I was probably marking Salah and De Bruyne down for no reason really, because they are the best two players probably in the league. De Bruyne just slightly because I know in Madrid he came off but you want him to go and grab that game by the scruff of the neck and take City into the Champions League final if you’re Man City. “Coming back and playing like he did the next two games was great, and he is an unbelievable player. I agree he is the best player that I watch every single week in terms of mesmerising me. “Salah I’ve said I think he could be the best player in the world this year, let alone best player in this league but Son doesn’t get the recognition he deserves and for what he has done now consistently, 21 goals to be one-off Mo Salah in a team that is nowhere near as good and doesn’t get the service from the likes of Trent Alexander-Arnold and Robertson and all the other players that he plays alongside. “I think he just deserved a mention really. He deserves the win, I don’t think you can take it off him, but I couldn’t argue if you went for De Bruyne or Salah either." Speaking after Arsenal’s defeat to Newcastle on Monday, Carragher said: “I don’t think I had Kevin De Bruyne in my team at the halfway point of the season. Salah was no doubt the best player for the first half of the season but de Bruyne in the second half of the season. “I just think of the vital goals he has got. Not just in the Premier League, you can look at what happened at Wolves but the goal against Atletico Madrid, against United, against Liverpool. For me he has been player of the year the last two years, PFA Player of the Year. I think he is the best player in the league, I absolutely love Kevin De Bruyne. He is the one player if I take Liverpool out of the equation, if I am going to watch someone, I think I’ll watch Kevin De Bruyne today. I think he is the greatest player to ever play for Man City. “I think he is going to be one of the all-time greats in the Premier League, we always talk about Gerrard, Scholes and Lampard, I think when Kevin De Bruyne finishes it will be which one out of them four. He is well in that category.”