Manchester United players aren’t fit enough and their new manager wants that to change. Sound familiar? Erik ten Hag is reportedly unhappy about the current state of the Red Devils squad - just like Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was when he took over from Jose Mourinho nearly four years ago. Ten Hag will be the next permanent manager of United, with the Dutchman beating Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique to be named boss. And he’ll be the club’s permanent replacement for Solskjaer, who was relieved of his duties earlier in the campaign. It’s been reported this week that Ten Hag is unimpressed with the fitness levels of the current squad, who have failed to stop their season from going bad to worse. As a result, he wants them to return to training two weeks sooner than planned as he aims to implement an attacking, pressing style of play. And Ten Hag’s complaint is similar to the one Solskjaer had when he took over from Mourinho in December 2018. United did well when the Norwegian initially took charge but, after naming him permanent manager in March, they then finished sixth in the Premier League table. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And, in the summer of 2019, Solskjaer devised a plan to get players’ fitness and energy levels up. The Sun said at the time that the Norwegian was planning a gruelling summer to ensure his players returned to action fresh and ready to implement his own vision. Solskjaer made it clear anybody not pulling their weight during pre-season would be shown the door. And every player was given a specific regime, ‘geared to individual diets and light work’. Solskjaer went on to enforce double sessions, lasting from 9.30am to 4.30pm. And he also ordered tests to be conducted as well, with players examined for their weight and body fat - as well as a saliva test. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Initially, United players did seem fitter. They enjoyed a positive start to the 2019/2020 season, beating Frank Lampard’s Chelsea team 4-0 on the opening day. But it appears United players, as well as his own tenure, ran out of gas as his time in the dugout went on. Now, Ten Hag will want United players to improve as he sets his sights on Premier League title glory. And whether the squad gets fitter and sharper, after a busy and gruelling summer, remains to be seen. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Meanwhile, regarding Ten Hag, Paul Merson thinks the 52-year-old should sell Cristiano Ronaldo in order to achieve the success he craves. “Erik ten Hag must bite the bullet and get rid of Cristiano Ronaldo or he’ll waste his first year at Manchester United,” Merson wrote for The Daily Star. “If you’re bringing in a manager who’s going to be there for the next three or four years you can’t waste one on a striker who isn’t. “Ronaldo has had a good season. But everyone else at the club has been atrocious. Why do you think that is? “Some players bring out the best in those around them. Some players make them worse. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “That’s what Ronaldo has done. Look what Karim Benzema is doing for Real Madrid. He’s scored 43 goals this season. I don’t remember him doing that when Ronaldo was there. “Look at the players Ronaldo is playing with now at United. “He hasn’t brought the best out of any of them. He could score a hat-trick against Brighton and it wouldn’t make any difference. “United aren’t winning the League with him in the team. So they should move on. “And when he leaves, I’m intrigued to see what his teammates say. Every other player at the club has failed miserably this season.”