Freeze The Fear star Tamzin Outhwaite, 58, has taken to Twitter and posted a statistic which has divided her Twitter followers. Remainers and Brexiteers flocked to the comments section of the post to weigh in on the post. The opinionated post was shared with Tamzin’s 258,000 followers. Alongside the stats, Tamzin emphasised she agreed with the point that was being made, by exclaiming: "This!!!" The stats read: “Brexit cost calculator. “The Bank of England announced that voting to leave the European Union has cost Britain more than £440 million a week in lost growth since the referendum, that’s £727 per second. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 “We have created a running total to show how much that figure has totalled so far. “£135,375,244,717.” Followers of Tamzin were quick to jump on to the post and express their opinions. @BreakingRyan1 said: “For many, Brexit wasn’t about economic growth. “It was about immigration and having stronger border controls.” @Fetimages wrote: “Not having our lives dictated by people who have no desire to close black holes in accounts and think they can simply demand money from countries. “Then bring in laws to suit themselves regardless of the financial implications to others.” @Peggieboy17 penned: “Don’t tell me you’re brainwashed too Tamzin? DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] “Had you down as a smart lady too. “Nothing to do with the billions spent on pointless lockdowns or throwing billions at a fake war in Ukraine?” @PaulBoroRangers said: “Can it be accurate based on the economy shutting down for 2 years, then the war in Ukraine. “You can still travel abroad.” Tamzin is best known for portraying Mel Owen in EastEnders and often uses her Twitter page to express her views on political issues. The actress has also starred in shows such as Red Cap and New Tricks. From 2007 to 2014, the star was married to Luther actor, Tom Ellis. The two have since divorced.