Driven by anger and their “own form of justice,” David King and his teenage son Edward fatally wounded Neil Charles close to their £550,000 detached home. Moments before, Charles had tried the door of King’s BMW 135i and made a brazen thumbs-up gesture to the security camera outside the house. Armed with a Second World War military knife and a Ninja sword, father and son dashed outside and confronted Charles on the drive. The thief was left bleeding to death with a knife wound to the chest and a deep slash to his knee. Construction project manager King, 55, claimed he had been holding the knife when Charles, 47, ran onto the blade. He and Edward, 19, denied murder and an alternative charge of manslaughter. But jurors at Ipswich Crown Court found them unanimously guilty of murder after 14 hours of deliberation on Monday.  They both face life in jail when they are sentenced at a later date. Chris Paxton, QC, prosecuting, told the jury the murder was an “act of vigilante violence” committed by father and son. Armed with deadly weapons, they left the safety of their home and “working together, hunted and murdered Mr Charles,” Mr Paxton said. Neither had rung the police.  “They were determined to settle matters in their own violent way,” Mr Paxton told the jury. King was outraged when thieves stole the four wheels from his wife’s BMW M3 two years earlier, the court heard.  He sent her a message saying: “Scum needs to die.” Career criminal Charles went on the prowl in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, in the early hours of June 20, last year, the court heard. The Kings were first alerted around 1am when a concerned neighbour sent a message on a WhatsApp community group warning the neighbourhood a thief was trying car door handles. King replied: “Snap. Just been out looking for him.” Edward had the knife in his waistband when they returned home. Charles, who was riding a bicycle, briefly left the vicinity and was caught on a security camera shining a torch at other properties. He returned just before 4am and tried the handle of King’s BMW. Within 90 seconds of making the thumbs-up sign, Edward was on the driveway with his father arriving shortly after. Mr Paxton said: “We accept Mr Charles was out that night stealing or looking to steal." “But we have the police force to be called out and a criminal justice system to process those who are accused of crime." “Within two minutes, Mr Charles had been stabbed by these two defendants - a father and son team." “Fired by anger and seeking retribution. Mr Charles was unarmed. He stood no chance.” Fatally wounded, Charles managed to run to a nearby house.  In a desperate bid to get help, he knocked so hard on the front door, he broke the glass. Charles died from a five inch wound to his chest and a two-and-a-half inch cut to his left knee. The knife was found in the Kings’ kitchen and the 19-inch bladed sword in the airing cupboard.  Both weapons had Charles’ blood on them. King told police: “He whacked his bike into my hand." “Then he ran at me and I had a knife in my hand. He seemed to be play-acting a bit.” King, a licensed shotgun holder, and his son had a “darker side” and were obsessed with weapons, the court heard. Officers seized knives, knuckle dusters, machetes, and shotguns from their home.