Tata Motors, which owns Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), is reportedly in talks with foreign battery makers Northvolt and SVolt Energy Technology, to source key supplies for their vehicles. It comes as the UK currently lacks a major electric vehicle battery manufacturing plant. The loss of a potentially huge contract could signal doom for the country’s automotive industry.  This issue is said to have stemmed from a lack of state funding for a gigafactory in the UK, which is key to Jaguar’s plans to go all-electric by 2025. Previously, the firm announced that it would build new electric vehicles at existing factories in the Midlands, with some reports later adding that a gigafactory may also be built near Bristol or Redcar. JLR will retain its plant and assembly facilities in the UK. Speaking to Express.co.uk JLR confirmed they have not changed their car production plans that were announced as part of the Reimagine strategy last year.  A spokesman for JLR said: “With our strategy for every single Jaguar Land Rover model available as a full [battery electric vehicle] by the end of the decade, we continue to explore all options around the supply of batteries. “No decisions have been made yet.” During negotiations with UK ministers, Tata has reportedly narrowed down its potential sites for a new manufacturing plant to two. According to the Telegraph, the Gravity business park near Bristol and the Teesworks site in Redcar are the frontrunners for the factory, with a final decision due by the end of June.  READ MORE: UK in huge EV boost as new lithium factory to SLASH China reliance Experts have warned that unless battery investment is significantly boosted, carmakers may soon begin a mass exodus from the UK. While Britain was once the world’s second-biggest auto manufacturing base, it has fallen out of the top 15 over the past few years. Andy Palmer, the former CEO of Aston Martin said: “It’s about to be too late to preserve the UK's role as a major automotive producer.” DON'T MISS: End of the world: Musk sends doomsday warning over 'biggest threat ... [REVEAL] NASA warns underwater volcano full of SHARKS has erupted [REPORT] Ukraine: ESA astronaut details how he watched the Ukraine war from spa  [INSIGHT]