Gary Neville has refused to retract his verdict that Antonio Conte was not the right coach for Manchester United despite the Italian's successful season with Tottenham. The former Premier League winner with Chelsea has turned Spurs' campaign around after replacing Nuno Espirito Santo in November to secure the return of Champions League football in north London. Tottenham leapfrogged north London rivals Arsenal heading into the final game of the season, meaning they just needed to earn a single point at Norwich to secure fourth place. Yet Spurs showed just how far they've come on under Conte by obliterating the relegated Canaries 5-0. But despite Conte's achievement, former United right-back Neville is still certain he was not the best fit for United, who could have appointed him instead of Ralf Rangnick, had they been more decisive. Jamie Redknapp said on Sky Sports: "The club have to do everything within their power to back him, to make that next year he has got everything he needs because he's an elite manager. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thanks Aston Villa during classy message to Man City "I think Gary was wearing them glasses when he said Man United shouldn't get him as their coach because when you look at him now, surely you must realise he would have been good for Manchester United." To which Neville replied: "It is possible to think that he's a great coach but he doesn't suit your club and that's it. "For me, he does two years at clubs and I don't think he's right for Manchester United but for other clubs, it's fine. "To be fair, he's done a good job. Arsenal have blown it at the end and Manchester United have capitulated, which has helped but I have no doubt he's a great manager, he just doesn't suit the club that I support, I feel." DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thanks Aston Villa during classy message to Man CityPremier League Golden Boot: Mohamed Salah and Son Heung-min share top goalscorer prizeEverton star Richarlison trolls Liverpool after final-day Premier League title agony Meanwhile, Roy Keane was full of praise for Conte whilst also highlighting the importance of Harry Kane and top scorer Heung-min Son. "He's done brilliant, there was no doubting when he went in there that he's a top coach," Keane said of Conte. "He's won titles before, he got recruitment right in terms of January and he's got his top strikers on form, Kane and Son. "Kane earlier in the season was really poor but he got up to speed and Son, leading goalscorer and not one penalty, fantastic." When quizzed on his future, Conte still refused to offer assurances that he will definitely remain in charge of Tottenham for the new campaign. "I'm under contract until next summer. I signed for one year and seven months," he said. "I enjoyed a lot my time at Tottenham because, I repeat, for me it was a big challenge. To come in during the season, for a coach like me, is not easy. It was a big challenge in a modern club with a fantastic stadium and training ground. I knew the situation I could find, to give me the opportunity to work in the way that I want, on the one hand. On the other hand, I have ambition, I like to fight for something important, to lift trophies. "For me this is a trophy and I'm very happy. Then we'll see. I always said at the end of the season we'll speak to the club and find the best solution for me and the club."