Chris Noth, 67, came under fire after two women came forward claiming they were sexually assaulted by the Sex and the City star, with him denying the allegations. Sarah Jessica Parker, 57, has admitted in a recent interview that she has not spoken to her onscreen love interest since the allegations have come to light, and seemed to be lost for words over the situation. The Hollywood star told the US publication: "I don't even know if I'm ready to talk about it. "But I don't think... I wasn't reacting [to the scandal] as a producer. I should have worked on this because I'm just... it's just...". Chris portrayed Carrie Bradshaw's husband Mr. Big in all six seasons of the show, two film spin offs and the HBO revival. He is also known most recently for his work in the TV series, The Equalizer, however his character was killed off once the allegations hit the surface. READ MORE: Jane Fonda cheekily spills who her 'favourite ex-husband' is The allegations emerged on December 16, when the same US publication shared claims by two women saying they had been sexually assaulted by the Hollywood actor. Chris denied these allegations, instead claiming they were "consensual encounters". The Hollywood Reporter exposé led to two more women coming forward with similar claims against the actor. After the allegations came to light, Chris was also dropped from his agency, A3 Artists Agency. Sarah, the executive producer of Sex and the City luckily did not have to fire Chris from the series as he had already been killed off on the first episode of the spinoff. Mr. Big suffered a post-Peloton heart attack on the first episode which aired on December 9. However, it has been reported that all the flashback scenes including the actor have since been removed. In a joint statement released on December 20, Cynthia Nixon, Kristin David and Jennifer said: "We are deeply saddened to hear the allegations against Chris Noth. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [INSIGHT] Deborah James praises husband for 'swallowing tears' during book event [COMMENT] French model Amandine Petit flashes underwear at Cannes 2022 [PICS] "We support the women who have come forward and shared their painful experiences. "We know it must be a very difficult thing to do and we commend them for it." The Sex and the City spin-off has even been renewed for a second season, with the actresses expected to recieve a paycheck of at least $10 million each. Sarah has been married to fellow actor Matthew Broderick for 24 years and the couple are currently starring together in the Neil Simon comedy Plaza Suite. The show is being played at the Hudson Theatre in Manhattan and has been extended through its initial finish on July 10. The couple share three children, James Wilkie, 19, and twin daughters, Marion and Tabitha, 12. Prior to her marriage, Sarah was in a relationship with Robert Downey Jr from 1994 until 1991. The former couple met on the set of First Born, with Sarah blaming his drug addiction for the demise of their relationship. She told Entertainment Wise in 2006: "I believed I was the person holding him together."