Maneskin got a standing ovation on Saturday night when they performed at the Eurovision Song Contest 2022. When their performance was over, lead singer Damiano spoke with the hosts about what it was like to be back. He also offered this year's contest some advice while waiting for the results to come in. "What I'm about to say makes me feel old but proud," host Alessandro Cattelan said. "I was there when you were first on stage and now I am here with you after an incredible year with a global tour sold out in four hours. "North America, South America, Europe of course, Japan, what a year." Bass player Victoria De Angelis chipped in: "It's been amazing this year, we have been touring the whole world and we are very grateful." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes reven... The host asked: "Do fans around the world sing your Italian songs?" "They try," the bass player replied. "It's very fun and sweet." Alessandro went on to ask: "Do you have any advice for the artists looking at you from the green room right now?" "Two [pieces of] advice," the lead singer said. "Have fun and don't close to the table guys, don't do it." Graham Norton chipped in: "If you don't know what he's talking about, Google it." Damiano's jibe came after the band were accused of taking drugs during the 2021 contest. At the time, the lead singer strongly denied the claims he was taking drugs after viewers thought he was lowering his head towards the table. Damiano also sparked concern from viewers after he seemed to hobble on his leg during the performance. DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt hits out after being snubbed on BBC [INSIGHT]Virgin River season 4: Preacher set for new romance as wife joins cast [CAST]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [VIDEO] However, ahead of the contest, the singer reassured his fans that he was ok. He wrote on his Instagram story: “My ankle is bad but my skin can still be perfect.” In a later post, he added: “Tomorrow we’ll smash the stage anyways, don’t worry 4 me. Love y’all.” (Sic) Shortly after their performance, the results started rolling in and the UK got off to a great start. Sam Ryder began the results by topping the leaderboard after his stunning performance of Space Man. Sweden followed closely behind them, along with Spain and Italy. The UK hasn't won the Eurovision Song Contest since 1997 when Katrina and the Waves performed Love Shine a Light. Before that, it was Bucks Fizz who rose to victory with Making Your Mind Up. The Eurovision Song Contest is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.