Two-time BDO world darts champion Ted Hankey has been jailed for two years for a sexual assault, and will spend 10 years on the sex offenders register. The incident was caught on camera as the 54-year-old pleaded guilty in a hearing back in September. Chester Crown Court was told that Hankey, from Stoke-on-Trent, committed the assault on a young woman by pinning her down with an 'air of entitlement'. The court was also told that the victim was aged between 16 and 18. Judge Steven Everett, Recorder of Chester, claimed that the former darts star would have denied the incident 'to the bitter end' if it had not been caught on film. Hankey pleaded guilty in Crewe on September 10. The Judge was played the footage after the courtroom was cleared of press and public. The Crown Prosecution Service also applied for a restraining order banning Hankey from contacting the victim, which has been granted indefinitely. District Crown Prosecutor Brian Forshaw said: "The Crown Prosecution Service and Cheshire Police had damning evidence of this assault and Mr Hankey thankfully pleaded guilty at an early stage. He has now been sentenced.  "The CPS would like to thank the victim for her help and courage in bringing this prosecution and we have worked to support her. The evidence she secured of the assault was crucial to this case and no doubt led to Mr Hankey’s guilty plea. "Mr Hankey is now a convicted sex offender and this case may have prevented further offending. It can be hard to tell the authorities about abuse, but we would like to say to victims that we will help and support you to give your best evidence and bring your abuser to justice."  Hankey won BDO world titles in 2000 and 2009, the first of which in an iconic final that saw him sweep Ronnie Baxter 6-0 and seal the deal on a maximum 170 finish. He was also runner-up in 2001 and 2004, but failed to find the same success after switching to the PDC. Health and legal problems have sprung up since his withdrawal from the competitive darts scene, and he was the subject of a bankruptcy order made at a London court by HM Revenue and Customs in 2018. 