Arsenal have reportedly asked Paulo Dybala's representatives about the player's demands ahead of his exit from Juventus. Dybala will leave the Old Lady at the end of his contract and the Gunners are one of the clubs to be linked with his signature. Arsenal will sign at least one forward in ths summer's transfer window. Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus is their top target, with initial contact made with the player's agent last November. However, ESPN reports City want £55million for the Brazilian, which has put Arsenal off for the time being. Dybala is seen as an alternative and contact has been made with his entourage. Arsenal want to know what demands the Argentina international would have to join them on a free transfer. The report says one of Dybala's representatives has recently been in both London and Manchester to discuss a potential move to the Premier League. READ MORE: Kylian Mbappe: PSG’s horrendous ‘decision’ proves Real Madrid is the best place to be  He has also flown to Spain and Italy to discuss with clubs from their respective top divisions. It is claimed Inter Milan are long admirers of Dybala, with Manchester United and Newcastle also keeping an eye on the player's situation this summer. Arsenal's expected failure to qualify for the Champions League could cost them in their attempts to sign Dybala. The Gunners need to beat Everton on the final day of the Premier League season on Sunday and hope relegated Norwich beat Tottenham at Carrow Road. Dybala, 28, will leave Juve after seven years in Turin. He has made almost 300 appearances for the club, scoring 115 goals. The Gunners are in the market for two forwards this summer. Alexandre Lacazette looks set to leave at the end of his contract after scoring just four goals in the Premier League this season. DON'T MISSMan Utd reach conclusion after ‘investigating’ leaks under Ralf Rangnick [REPORT]Celtic can't resist trolling Rangers after Frankfurt Europa League glory [SOCIAL]Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag makes decision on futures of Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Eric Bailly [RUMOUR]  Eddie Nketiah is also out of contract at the end of the campaign and has rejected all offers of a renewal. Manager Mikel Arteta is keen for the England under-21 record goalscorer to extend his stay but it appears no progress has been made on that front. Jesus' agent confirmed last week that the player was interested in the project at Arsenal. However, there are six clubs keen on signing the 25-year-old. Jesus has not been satisfied with his game time at the Etihad. The arrival of Erling Haaland will likely only reduce that further.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here