There are also no quick fixes. The clamour for a windfall tax on energy firms grows louder, but there is opposition to this from many Tory MPs. Tax cuts would be welcomed but there is no guarantee these would help to stabilise inflation. And additional borrowing will stoke inflation further. The brutal truth is that things will get worse before they get better. What we need now are cool heads so that bright minds in the Treasury can find ways to ease the burden on household budgets. Bringing forward benefits due next year to now is what many charities would like to see happen, something the Chancellor no doubt will be considering. Rishi Sunak has a daunting task – and must be given sufficient time to come up with a realistic, foolproof and effective cost-of-living package. ---------- The long-awaited Sue Gray “Partygate” report is due to be published as early (or, late, to be strictly correct) as today – and it’s already become an appalling sideshow costing an inordinate amount of taxpayers’ money. For sure, her findings will not make for comfortable reading for the Prime Minister and it’s equally certain that whatever Ms Gray concludes, the row over “gatherings” or “parties” in Number Ten will rumble on. And even if Boris Johnson comes out of it better than expected, the Opposition will pour scorn on the report and want to know exactly who initiated the meeting between Ms Gray and the PM. And round and round we’ll go again. The fact is that Mr Johnson has apologised repeatedly. He accepts that mistakes were made – while denying that Downing Street behaved like “Ibiza on a Saturday night” during lockdown. Surely, we can conclude that there are now far, far more pressing matters for the PM and his Cabinet to deal with. It is time we laid this whole sorry saga to rest once and for all. Manchester City were crowned Premier League champions yesterday, pipping Liverpool to the post in what has been a thrilling title race. These two great teams will meet again on Saturday for the final of the Champions League in what will be the second successive season featuring two British sides looking to lift that coveted trophy. There may be things some of us don’t like about our national sport, but no one can deny that the quality of football is unrivalled anywhere in the world.