Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has hinted that underfire club captain Harry Maguire will have a significant role to play in his plans. United's captaincy situation remains unclear ahead of Ten Hag's maiden season in charge, but he is seemingly a big fan of what Maguire brings to the table. This season, Maguire has been one of several United players out of form, and ex-interim manager Ralf Rangnick dropped him on occasion. It only fuelled speculation over his future as captain after Cristiano Ronaldo's summer arrival intensified dressing room politics, given his status in football compared to most other players. And with Ten Hag understood to be eyeing a new centre-back as one of his first signings as manager, many have pondered what it would mean for Maguire. However, the Dutchman has poured cold water on talk that he's ready to push the 29-year-old to one side, hailing his ability. Ten Hag has stressed that next season is a 'different season' and expressed his excitement about working with Maguire. He told reporters: "I have to repeat, next season is a different season. He's done a good job, he's a great player, he's achieved a lot and his contribution to Manchester United, so I'm looking forward to working with him." JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ten Hag explains McClaren return and more  There is expected to be a mass exodus at Old Trafford this summer, centred by six first-team players leaving on free transfers. Ronaldo is one of the players facing an unclear future after United failed to qualify for the Champions League, but there seems to be a place in Ten Hag's squad if he wants to stay. "Of course [Ronaldo is part of the project]. He will bring goals," Ten Hag added. The same likely can't be said for some of the under-performers in United's final-day defeat at Crystal Palace, which the ex-Ajax manager watched from the stands. He added: "I observed it, I analysed it, but it's for me. I wasn't in charge, and I take this information into the new season." READ MORE: What Man Utd star Lingard really thought when Scholes dobbed him in  Ten Hag hasn't met his new squad yet and confirmed he would catch up with them for the first time when they return for pre-season on June 27, just over a week before United jet off for their tour of Thailand and Australia. "The reason [I took the job] is, although there is a fantastic history, the high potential for the future - that's why I'm here. I don't speak with the players now; they need a break; they need a break to reflect. But I'm looking forward, and I can't wait to start." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.