The Queen has been told by advisers to "go a lot easier" on herself ahead of the huge Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. One insider has even revealed the Queen, who turned 96 this year, is still struggling with the after-effects of Covid. The monarch contracted the deadly virus earlier this year but appears to have fought off the disease well. The royal insider told US Weekly that the Queen is still feeling the lingering effects of the virus, which is known to have long-lasting symptoms in some of those infected. They said: "[She] is still adjusting to her routine and charging up her batteries even now. "The other factor here is that she wanted to be as close to full strength as possible for the Jubilee celebrations, which she’s been looking forward to immensely. MORE: Harry and Meghan warned against ‘overshadowing’ Queen at Jubilee "By not [overexerting] herself it’s giving her more energy to participate in as many of the events as possible." During a video call with National Health Service workers in April, the Queen hinted that the virus left her feeling "very tired and exhausted." Queen Elizabeth II has recently stepped back from her ordinarily busy schedule of royal events and visits, delegating many of them to Prince Charles and other working relatives. Most recently, the monarch missed the state opening of Parliament, giving Prince Charles his first practice run for when he eventually becomes King. A statement released by Buckingham Palace read: “The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament tomorrow. “At Her Majesty’s request, and with the agreement of the relevant authorities, The Prince of Wales will read The Queen’s speech on Her Majesty’s behalf, with The Duke of Cambridge also in attendance.” She has also bowed out of the annual Buckingham Palace Garden Parties this year, with Kate Middleton stepping in to take her place this week. The Queen has been mired with health issues over the last six months, most of which have been related to her mobility. DON'T MISS Meghan was 'always' going to leave UK — 'no intention of staying' [INSIGHT]Sussex fans slap down Royal Family on Meghan and Harry's anniversary [REPORT]Princess Beatrice to step to fore at Queen's beloved engagement [INSIGHT] But despite the setbacks, Her Majesty is still keen to get out and celebrate her Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month. Advisors have been cautious, however, wanting the monarch to rest as much as possible before the special four day weekend. The royal source said: “The Queen has been advised by her loved ones and trusted advisors to go a lot easier on herself, even if it means missing more functions than she would like. “Her attendance at these events is being handled on a case-by-case basis, so if she isn’t 100 percent on any given day that she’s due to be somewhere in person then she turns the duties over to someone else, be that Prince Charles or another serving senior royal who’s available to handle matters in her stead.” Subject to new rules at Buckingham Palace, the Queen's presence at royal events throughout the Jubilee weekend will only be announced on the day. It is very different from previous Jubilees when the Queen would tour and meet with the public over several months in honour of the anniversary. For her Diamond Jubilee celebrations, in 2012, the Queen and Prince Philip made an extensive tour of the country over a three-month period. This year, working royals will visit various parts of each of the four UK nations, while there will be a number of headline events taking place in London.