@flywithmerm uses her TikTok account to provide an insight into her life in the sky. In one video, she showed her almost 200,000 followers how to pack light - a concept many struggle with. @flywithmerm began: "I'm going to teach you how to pack light. "The key to packing is your material and your clothes and your folding technique." One of her top tips was to think about the material of your pyjamas when packing light. "My pyjamas are satin." READ MORE: Flight attendant shares hotel room tip - ‘replace your room key’ For working out, she packs a lightweight sports bra and leggings. She continued: "I'll pack a dress because that's easy to fold, they're thin and I can wear that out or just chilling." It's key to pick clothing that can be worn both day and night to avoid overpacking for every eventuality. Being strict is a must when it comes to packing properly, according to the expert. "I pack one pair of jeans, and that gives me room to pack my flats, my sneakers, which I use for the gym and for going out. Some more essential items include her makeup bag and hair products. If, and only if, she has space, @flywithmerm brings a pair of heels. For the flight and waiting around the airport, a blanket can also come in handy. She stated: "In my lunchbox I'll pack whatever I left out." These packing tips were extremely popular with flying newbies as well as seasoned flyers - it seems that packing light is a universal struggle. TikTok users were amazed at her packing skills, with @mariamsalif saying: "Bless your heart, I could never." @caramelmochatwist seconded the sentiment: "This is hard to do," to which the flight attendant responded, "A lot of sacrifice". In the comments section, @flywithmerm revealed that she isn't a "fan" of packing cubes. And in another handy video, the helpful flight attendant generously outlined some simple flight tips for new flyers. These tips included bringing a neck pillow and blanket onboard, making sure to pack headphones for inflight, and staying prepared by getting personal items together in the gatehouse (waiting area). She also recommended bringing an eye-mask for some inflight shuteye and a credit card for food and alcoholic drinks. The last of @flywithmerm's tips were to bring an empty water bottle and refill at water stations around the airport, and have your boarding pass ready when getting on the plane.