On Thursday, the Metropolitan Police Force closed its investigation into alleged Government parties which breached lockdown rules. The force issued a total of 126 fines to those deemed to have broken restrictions, including one to Prime Minister Boris Johnson. The announcement has paved the way for one of the Government’s most senior civil servants, Sue Gray, to release her own long-awaited findings. Downing Street has said it will publish the report “as soon as possible”, with officials expecting Ms Gray to most likely hand it over next week. The Prime Minister’s official spokesman said: “Sue Gray will complete her work and then hand that over and then we will publish that as soon as possible. "That has not happened yet. So in effect, timings are a matter for her, still, in terms of when she completes her report.” READ MORE: : Now EU sets out new plot for border row  Helen Ball, the Met’s acting deputy commissioner, added the force “have no objections” to the civil servant releasing her report. Ms Gray had been forced to hold off on a full publication until the Met had concluded its own inquiry dubbed Operation Hillman. Opposition parties including Labour and the Liberal Democrats have demanded it is published as soon as possible. An interim version of the report, published in late January, criticised "failures of leadership and judgement" in No 10 and the Cabinet Office.  Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said the number of fines showed there had been "industrial-scale lawbreaking in Downing Street". He added that his opinion of the PM had not changed and that "of course he should resign". Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey said: "The full Sue Gray report should now be published without delay, and the parliamentary inquiry should be launched into Johnson's lies. "The public made huge sacrifices while Boris Johnson partied, they deserve the full truth."  DON'T MISS: Attorney General says ECJ should have no say on UK disputes over ha... [EXPLAINER]Warning as flights diverted after ‘crazy’ lightning storms [NEWS]Govt slammed as visas issued to non-EU migrants reach record high [ANALYSIS] All of the 126 fines issued by the Met related to events which took place on eight different dates. Mr Johnson’s fine was linked to his Downing Street birthday party in June 2020. Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Mr Johnson’s wife, Carrie, were also both fined for showing up at the same event. But the PM was not fined for attending a garden party at Downing Street in May 2020.  Around 100 people were invited to the event which the Met confirmed it had issued some fines for. Mr Johnson has previously apologised for attending the garden party for 25 minutes. He said he had "believed implicitly" it was a work event. The Met’s investigation examined 510 photographs, as well as CCTV images, emails, logs of entries into buildings, diary entries and witness statements. Police also looked at 204 questionnaires from people who were at the 12 events investigated by the force. Overall, 83 people have been issued with fines, with 28 people facing between two and five fines. 