Despite their doubts about how well the country is doing, and even greater scepticism about their children and future generations, fully two-thirds of Americans feel invested in their country, compared to less than half in the UK. As problematic as those results are, the follow-up question is even worse: just 31 percent of Americans feel their country is invested in THEM and their future. In the UK, it’s only 27 percent. Let me repeat that. Just one in four Brits think your country is invested in them.  The political frustration in the UK is visceral because it’s generated from the heart, not just the head. You all know how it feels when someone you love doesn’t love you back. Now imagine if that were your country. Well, you don’t have to imagine it. It’s happening all around you. These results have kept me awake at night, literally, for if left unchecked, the antipathy it suggests towards Britain’s political, cultural and financial leaders could intensify and turn into something uglier, angrier, and more destructive. It’s a short step from not trusting your politicians to not trusting each other. And as we’re seeing in America, once that trust is broken, it can be almost impossible to restore. As an American, I should know. I realise that most people think what happened in the US on January 6 could never happen here. Their assumption is that Americans are just louder and angrier -- about everything. Maybe they’re right. Because what is happening in America isn’t about alienation anymore.  It’s not a public temper tantrum that eventually winds down. It is morphing into permanent rejection of community and society – and the consequences go far beyond populism, wokeness, and the so-called “culture wars.” Over the past decade, we in America have seen two powerful, destructive forces creep up and poison our democracy, our society, and even our economy: populism on the right, and wokeism on the left. The rise of populism is shredding the political fabric of the country. The rise of wokeism is undermining the principles of economic freedom, opportunity, and meritocracy. Living through both, at the very same time, has contributed to the decay of dialogue … and as a result, faith in democracy itself is at an all-time low, as is a sense of and commitment to community, conversation, and civility. And thanks to social media, these forces know no borders, no boundaries, and no limits.  And they can, and do, spread. Quickly. Like a cancer. In both Britain and America, we have embraced not just a Cancel Culture but a Confirmation Culture. We have moved from seeking news that informs us, to embracing news that affirms us. To listening only to those we know we already agree with and demonizing those we don’t. Fortifying our echo chambers instead of forsaking them. There was a time not so long ago when the principles, if not the practice, of free speech, economic freedom, and simple expressions of national pride were accepted without argument and were unifying and universal. For decades, standing to sing the national anthem or flying a flag outside your home were respected expressions of civic pride. No one wanted a government cheque (other than for retirees and the truly poor). People respected those who worked hard, paid their taxes, and played by the rules. But in the hyper-divisive environment we currently live in, free speech is condemned for allowing the rise of populists like Donald Trump … capitalism is blamed for exploitation economics, and patriotism is used as a weapon to demonize your opponents. On January 6th, flag poles carrying the American flag were literally used to bludgeon police officers at the US Capitol. Here, in the UK, at the venerable Oxford and Cambridge Union Societies, patriotism is ridiculed for being outdated, and even Prince William, a dignified and respectful Royal, was booed at the FA Cup final. A few people shouting disgusting racial slurs at a football match or posting them online does not make the entire UK systemically racist as some now claim. It means we need to address youth intolerance in the schools and adult linguistic thuggery in public … BUT without upending the entire social structure. Similarly, solving income inequality is one of the most pressing issues of our time.  Even pro-free market conservatives in both countries acknowledge this. But that is not a reason to reject responsible capitalism or mandating equal outcomes rather than guaranteeing equal opportunity. Dr Frank Luntz is a US pollster and political commentator, and a Visiting Academic Fellow at the Centre for Policy Studies. He delivered the annual Sir Keith Joseph Memorial Lecture on May 16 of which the above is an excerpt.