Fans of cleaning star Mrs Hinch have shared the “easiest and best way” to clean an oven. Oven cleaning is the most-hated cleaning job in Britain, according to a survey by Tombola, so it’s no surprise that homeowners often avoid it. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became a popular figure after she began sharing her cleaning tips and hacks on social media and TV. The cleaning star has more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has even authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups in her name dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group Facebook user Katy Charlotte Hines asked Mrs Hinch fans: “What is the easiest and best way to clean your oven? I hate doing it.” The post was inundated with suggestions but the most common response was to use Oven Pride. Margaret Sedgwick said: “Definitely Oven Pride with the bags, hate that job too though. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ “I did call a company in last time and it was amazing, looked like a new oven, certainly worth the money. “I swore I’d keep it clean in the future but I didn’t.” Susan Mason said: “Oven Pride.” Audrey Cameron wrote: “Oven Pride.” Debbie Sykes replied: “Oven Pride then keep up to it with Elbow Grease and Pink Stuff.”  DON'T MISS‘Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh on what to do with ‘tatty’ daffodils after flowering [UPDATE]Interior designer shares home decor trends estate agents ‘dislike’ [ANALYSIS] Pauline Daynes commented: “Oven Pride.” Oven Pride Deep Cleaner costs £4 from Waitrose & Partners. Oven Pride Deep Oven Cleaner is also available at ASDA and Tesco for £3. Oven Pride Complete Oven Cleaner is £2.99 from B&M. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using Elbow Grease and the Pink Stuff. Sophie Parker Calton said: “Spray Elbow Grease, leave to soak, wipe with a damp cloth and then use a metal scourer and fairy liquid to get off stubborn bits, rinse and dry.” Susan Smith replied: “Elbow Grease spray. “Spray all the inside of the oven, leave for a while then wipe off with a clean cloth. “Put racks in sink or bath, spray all over with Elbow Grease spray then put them in clean water to make sure it's all off.  “Good luck it's always worked for me.” Gabrielle Harding wrote: “Get someone to do it for you.” Lizzie Mcmillan wrote: “I do mine every week with Pink Stuff.” Sam Cousins commented: “Elbow Grease spray and do monthly. “That way it never gets too bad.”