The Countryfile star has secured a top job presenting Channel 4's Super League coverage. The career update comes after the star confirmed her husband Richie Myler had moved out of their family home following their break-up. The 38-year-old presenter, who was left "totally shocked" by the breakdown of her marriage will start the position next month. The broadcaster updated her social media followers on her split with the rugby player last week. She said in an Instagram story: "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. “He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children.” Just days after the split was announced, Helen was absent from Countryfile.  READ MORE: ThisMorning guest breaks down over heartbreaking dognap  Viewers reached out to Helen to send messages of support after noticing her absence from the BBC show. Sunday's programme was instead hosted by Adam Henson and Anita Rani. Helen shares three children with Richie, who left just four months after she gave birth to their youngest child Elsie. A source close to Helen said Helen is absolutely devastated by the break-up.   "Now she is contemplating life without him while he has moved on with his new partner," they told Mail Online. "They are still married, and their baby is literally four months old. "She thought their marriage was safe and secure and is totally shocked by what's happened." The couple were together for nine years but Richie has remained silent on social media following their split.  DON'T MISS...Helen Skelton returns to Instagram without wedding ring after split [LATEST]Helen Skelton's husband 'jets on holiday with new love interest' [UPDATE]Amanda Owen's co-star pays tribute to Yorkshire Shepherdess [INSIGHT] Many of Helen's social media followers have messaged her in recent days, with Lolly commenting on her latest Instagram post: "Stay strong Helen, you are a diamond." @Andrew.Daniels.3705 added: "Lovely photo. Stay strong Helen you have wonderful children and family and friends [to] support [you]." @Marierococo said: "Helen you are an amazing woman! Great at rugby commentary and interviews!" @Angler1st commented: "Thinking of you flower, you have bucket loads of support out there."  Helen will front the coverage between Castleford Tigers and Wigan Warriors on Saturday, June 4. Castleford will become the 10th Super League club to be televised live on Channel 4 this year. Helen and Richie's representatives have been contacted by Express.co.uk. Countryfile continues on Sunday at 5pm on BBC One. 