Darren McGrady, who worked for the monarch for 11 years from 1982 to 1993, said her favourite is dark chocolate. The former royal chef made the comments after being asked if the Queen has "any cheeky midnight snacks she likes". Mr McGrady told ITV's This Morning: "The Queen loves chocolate. "Anything dark chocolate - the darker the better. "So she has little snacks and little boxes of chocolates in her room. "But then usually it was just a fruit and the Windsor peaches which she absolutely loved." The former royal chef, who worked for Princess Diana from 1993 to 1997, also discussed the Queen's favourite cakes. He said: "There's the chocolate biscuit cake, which is the one that William chose as his groom's cake when he got married. "There's also the chocolate ganache sponge cake, which she has for her birthday every year. "That cake dates back to Queen Victoria. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's Megxit plan slapped down by Queen  "Gabriella Tschumi was her chef and it's the same recipe they use in the kitchen today." It comes as the Queen is just over two weeks away from her Platinum Jubilee celebratory weekend. She delighted royal fans with a surprise appearance on Tuesday to officially open the completed Elizabeth line in London. The 96-year-old, who now rarely carries out public engagements outside of her royal residences, joined Prince Edward at Paddington Station. DON'T MISSQueen's unexpected reaction when told she's the 'heart of the nation' [VIDEO]Queen 'insists' on being 'unaided' during today's appearance [INSIGHT]Queen told it would 'positive' to have Harry on Jubilee balcony [ANALYSIS] The monarch, who has been suffering from mobility issues, wore sunshine yellow and carried a stick for the outing. It comes after she was in her element as her Jubilee celebrations kicked off with a star-studded equestrian extravaganza. The Queen received a standing ovation from royal fans at the musical and theatrical romp across the centuries called A Gallop Through History. The event was staged by the Royal Windsor Horse Show at an arena near Windsor Castle. It came days after Prince Charles stood in for his mother at the State Opening of Parliament. Omid Djalili, who acted as the narrator for the event, could not resist a joke and said to Her Majesty: "Thank you for choosing us over the State Opening of Parliament." Further Jubilee celebrations will take place during a four-day bank holiday weekend next month. The weekend marking the monarch's historic 70-year reign will kick off with Trooping the Colour on Thursday, June 2. Members of the Royal Family will attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday, June 3. The Party at the Palace pop concert will be held at Buckingham Palace on Saturday, June 4. The celebrations will come to a close with a Jubilee Pageant on Sunday, June 5. 