Yasmin Evans, who is best known for her work as a presenter on BBC 1Xtra, issued an urgent appeal on Instagram. The Heart FM presenter claimed she was assaulted while out in London. Taking to her Instagram stories yesterday, the broadcaster detailed the alleged assault but added she is still in "shock". In view of her 80,000 followers, she penned: "Tonight I was walking towards Liverpool Street to get my train home. "A guy grabbed my arm and I refused him. He then proceeded to punch me in the face which then knocked me out cold twice along with the person I was with. "Three black guys and a guy who was mixed race all punched and kicked me while I was on the ground. READ MORE: Christian Horner's wife Geri leaves fans in disbelief with new look "Knocked me out twice whilst saying, 'Just because you're a woman doesn't mean I won't f*** you up'." She added: "I've called the police but if anyone was on Liverpool Street and saw anything... please contact me..." The presenter then reiterated the description of the men who assaulted her. In a follow-up post today, Yasmin confirmed she had a few injuries but is doing well. “Thank you so very much for the reposts & shares and support,” she wrote. “Still quite shocked but we are okay, injuries may take a little healing but we are good, a crutch is a great accessory at the moment. “I would really like to figure this out in some way, the Police have been very supportive. “But firstly I just need to process what happened. DON'T MISS...Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [PHOTOS] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [UPDATE]Jenny Ryan issues apology as she's forced to pull out of show [LATEST]  “I am supported and not alone, decided to continue with a little bit of my day today and I appreciate you uplifting me. “This is all really quite s*** isn’t it!?” she concluded. Manchester-born Yasmine began her radio career in her native city aged just 15 years old. While studying a degree in radio at the University of Salford, she was approached by the BBC to take part in their piloting scheme. In 2012, Yasmin was offered the BBC Radio 1Xtra Weekend Breakfast show and after just nine months in that slot she became the co-host of the 1Xtra Weekday Breakfast Show which she presented for three years alongside Twin B. In 2017, she hosted CBBC's Saturday Mash-Up alongside Jonny Nelson, and the following year fronted the BRIT Awards' first ever International Live Stream. In December 2021, Yasmin announced that she would be leaving 1Xtra after spending nine years on the show. She joined Heart Radio, which also counts Amanda Holden, Emma Bunton and Mark Wright as hosts.