Manchester United boosted their chances of playing in the Europa League next term with a 3-0 win over Brentford at Old Trafford. Bruno Fernandes, Cristiano Ronaldo and Raphael Varane were the heroes for the home side, with the Portuguese pair netting in either half and the French centre-back also on target. And Express Sport will now take a look at five talking points from the contest. There are plenty of players who need to leave United at the end of the season. But Ronaldo isn’t one of them, with the Portugal international putting in a sublime performance on the night. There’s been talk of a potential move away from United, with Real Madrid reportedly keen on snapping him up for just £10million. Yet Ronaldo still has so much to offer and was a constant threat against Brentford, producing a display that had it all - including his goal from the penalty spot. If Erik ten Hag was watching the game, he’d be no doubt thinking about keeping the veteran at the club for one more year. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Juan Mata is a great human and a great footballer. And it’s a shame that United just haven’t used the Spain international anywhere near enough during his time with the club. This was Mata’s first start of the season and the former Chelsea and Valencia star caught the eye with slick passing, creative instincts and his ability to make things happen. His contract is due to expire at the end of the season. And it’s easy to imagine Mata doing well elsewhere given the talent he possesses and his professionalism, too. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag David De Gea has been outstanding for United this season. But his kicking clearly needs to improve, with some of his team-mates unhappy at his distribution during the contest at Old Trafford. Ronaldo was one of them, with the Portugal international spotted berating his team-mate during the first half. And Bruno Fernandes and Victor Lindelof also issued complaints as well. De Gea won’t be going anywhere this summer but, when it comes to getting the ball to his team-mates, he’ll need to improve in order to ensure he remains their No 1 during Ten Hag’s era. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Anthony Elanga was barely played by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer prior to the Norwegian’s sacking. Yet he’s been one of the biggest positives of the Ralf Rangnick era and deserves his place in the team. Elanga’s speed was key as United scored through Fernandes, with the Sweden international able to pull the ball back brilliantly. It was a moment that had Gary Neville purring on commentary for Sky Sports. And the future of United can be bright with Elanga, who is set to play a big part when Ten Hag takes charge. Just under a year ago, Christian Eriksen nearly died on the pitch at the European Championships. That led to him being released by Inter Milan, with Brentford then taking a punt on the Denmark international. But what a punt that’s proven to be. Eriksen was slick against United, dictating play and posing a threat throughout the entirety of the contest. A move to a big club could be on the cards this summer, with both United and Tottenham linked.