EE, O2, Three and Vodafone have all been beaten by a surprise contender in a new study that looks at the quality of service UK mobile firms provide. The big four telecoms companies were ranked and rated by Ofcom alongside other players including giffgaff, iD Mobile, Sky, BT and Virgin Media. So who came out on top? Ofcom's winner was actually Tesco Mobile who beat last year's leader EE to offer the highest level of customer satisfaction. The 2022 Ofcom Service Quality Report ranked Tesco Mobile as offering the best level of customer satisfaction, followed by giffgaff in second and then EE, Vodafone and O2 in joint third. The study looked at numerous factors to determine how happy customers were with their service provider, including the number of complaints to Ofcom, satisfaction with complaint handling, whether customers felt they were getting value for money and average call wait times. The two lowest rated mobile providers for customer satisfaction were Three and Virgin Media. The findings mark the sixth time Ofcom has published a report analysing how happy customers were with their mobile and broadband service.  And the study found mobile customers tended to be happier with the service they received compared to broadband users. When looking at who came out on top for broadband services, the highest rated provider was BT while the lowest ranked was Vodafone. The Ofcom report said: "Overall customer satisfaction levels were high, in particular for mobile, and it is also pleasing that complaints to Ofcom fell for most providers in 2021. "However, for some aspects of customer service it was another challenging year: some customers continued to experience lower levels of service quality at times and service levels did not return to 2019 levels across the industry." In the 2019 Ofcom study all mobile firms analysed scored at least 90 percent in the overall customer satisfaction ratings. That was the first and only time there have been such high scores across the board.  While it may be a surprise to you that one of the big four mobile firms didn't end up on top in the 2022 report, it isn't the first time that Tesco Mobile has claimed top honours. In fact, Tesco Mobile has been named as the mobile provider that offered the best customer satisfaction three times - in 2022, 2020 and 2017. Giffgaff has also scooped the top prize on three separate occassions in 2018, 2019 and 2021. You can find full details on the Ofcom mobile rankings below...   Tesco Mobile - 96 percent satisfaction with service overall giffgaff - 95 percent satisfaction with service overall EE - 92 percent satisfaction with service overall Vodafone - 92 percent satisfaction with service overall O2 - 92 percent satisfaction with service overall Three - 86 percent satisfaction with service overall Virgin Media - 83 percent satisfaction with service overall *iD Mobile, BT and Sky didn't receive overall satisfaction ratings as these providers weren't scored on every single category in the test 