Bukayo Saka's future at Arsenal is assured as of now with the winger 'in love' with the club amid their ongoing contract debacle. Liverpool are said to be monitoring proceedings as they contemplate a potential transfer this summer. Arsenal can breathe easy knowing that Saka is 'in love' with the club amid an ongoing contract saga. The Gunners also look like they have missed out on Champions League football next season. Detrimental losses to Tottenham and Newcastle have seen Spurs leapfrog them into fourth with a game left and Arsenal are now relying on their north London rivals to lose to Norwich. It means that Mikel Arteta might have some serious problems going into the summer. Not least in terms of bringing players in with many linked only really interested if the club were in the Champions League. However, an added conundrum could see their star players eye departures as well. One of them has reported to be Saka, who has already attracted attention from Liverpool in the transfer window with Jurgen Klopp a huge fan of the England international. The Gunners fear that the lack of progress could stall contract talks further. The winger has yet to put pen to paper over a new deal while negotiations have been planned all year. Emile Smith Rowe has already signed terms to extend his stay at the Emirates this season and the club want Saka to follow suit. However, any worries that the 20-year-old might leave are quelled by the fact that he is 'in love' with Arsenal, reports transfer guru Fabrizio Romano. He wrote in his CaughtOffside column: "Arsenal have a meeting scheduled with Bukayo Saka’s agent at the end of the current season. "There will be a direct discussion because the club is preparing the proposal for the extension of the contract, and from the player there has always been a positive feeling. "At the moment there are no changes related to the situation for the Champions League spot race: Saka is in love with Arsenal, but obviously the negotiations are still at early stages. "As of today, Saka is not yet negotiating with other clubs, even if you may have heard murmurings about interest from Manchester City and Liverpool."