Paul Scholes does not think there is a figure at Manchester United who can help Erik ten Hag in the transfer market. The former Red Devils midfielder has suggested Steve McClaren could take up that role. McClaren has been officially appointed as an assistant to Ten Hag. United's announcement of his return to the club named him as an "assistant coach" alongside Mitchell van der Gaag, who has followed Ten Hag from Ajax. Scholes knows McClaren well having been at United during his two-year spell as No 2 to Sir Alex Ferguson. He has labelled the former England boss as one of the greatest coaches he had during his playing career. However, Scholes has pointed to McClaren's lack of coaching in recent years. The 61-year-old's most recent job was as technical director at Derby County. READ MORE: Liverpool players 'dropping like flies' as Jurgen Klopp sent worrying Real Madrid warning  Scholes therefore thinks United could use him in a different way and help fill a job that he reckons is needed to help Ten Hag bring in his desired transfer targets. Scholes told Premier League Productions: "This manager needs backing now, he's been brought into the club to really turn it around. "The only issue is, who's going to be helping him on that side of the business? I know at Ajax he had Edwin [van der Sar] and Marc Overmars. "He's always had someone to help him. I don't see that role at United now. DON'T MISSBarcelona hold Carney Chukwuemeka meeting as Arsenal also target Aston Villa star [GOSSIP]Gary Lineker takes issue with Gareth Southgate's England squad as 'superb' star misses out [SOCIAL]Kylian Mbappe’s mother ‘furious at Real Madrid’ after PSG star rejects transfer [REPORT]  "I don't know who's going to do that. There isn't that link between him and Richard Arnold, or whoever's running the club, and I think he will need help. "Possibly Steve McClaren could be doing that. Steve as I know was a fantastic coach, one of the best coaches I've ever had. "But I don't think he's coached for a while now, he's more into the director of football role I suppose with Derby County.  "Whether he takes that role on as well to help him with the signing of players, I think we have to wait and see." Ten Hag held his first press conference this week since being appointed United manager. And he explained his decision to appoint both McClaren and Van der Gaag. He said: “They both know how to get success, because they both win titles and trophies in their careers, that’s why they’re here."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here