Erik ten Hag has admitted he’s happy with Ajax’s 2-2 draw with AZ Alkmaar on Saturday afternoon despite losing his temper with the fourth official during the contest. The Dutchman is poised to join Manchester United at the end of the season. But, before rocking up at Old Trafford, he’s got his sights set on another Eredivisie title. Ajax took the lead against Alkmaar through Brian Brobbey, with the youngster netting in the 42nd minute. However, Alkmaar then mounted a terrific comeback to take the lead after quick goals from Vangelis Pavlidis and Hakon Even. Ajax were able to secure a point late on, however, with Edson Alvarez scoring late to keep their title hopes on track. During the contest, Ten Hag cut a frustrated figure with the 52-year-old snapping at the fourth official over what he perceived to be poor decision-making. And speaking to ESPN after the game, the 52-year-old insisted he was happy with the outcome of the fixture. “A 2-2 result away against AZ is a good result,” he said. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “We had things in our own hand and we still have things in our own hand. “We will watch the game between Feyenoord & PSV in the bus on our way home." Ajax now have a five-point lead over PSV with two games to go. However, that gap could be cut to two if their rivals are able to put Feyenoord to the sword later today. Ten Hag is hoping to win a third league title with Ajax, having been at the club ever since December 2017. And, before his side’s match with United, he was forced to bat away questions over his upcoming job at Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “Ajax is also big and I am used to it," said the Dutchman, who will be replacing Ralf Rangnick, when asked if he’s prepared for the job. "I am not interested in media, I am interested in my work. Working with my team and my players. “That is what I have been doing and what I will keep doing." Meanwhile, one player Ten Hag will be inheriting at United is Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portugal international has been a shining light for the Red Devils this term, scoring 24 goals across all competitions. Recent reports have said Ten Hag will look to keep Ronaldo at Old Trafford, even though he prefers younger players. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Yet Paul Merson has urged the current Ajax boss to offload Ronaldo when he moves to the Premier League this summer. “Erik ten Hag must bite the bullet and get rid of Cristiano Ronaldo or he’ll waste his first year at Manchester United,” Merson wrote for The Daily Star. “If you’re bringing in a manager who’s going to be there for the next three or four years you can’t waste one on a striker who isn’t. “Ronaldo has had a good season. But everyone else at the club has been atrocious. Why do you think that is? “Some players bring out the best in those around them. Some players make them worse. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “That’s what Ronaldo has done. Look what Karim Benzema is doing for Real Madrid. He’s scored 43 goals this season. I don’t remember him doing that when Ronaldo was there. “Look at the players Ronaldo is playing with now at United. “He hasn’t brought the best out of any of them. He could score a hat-trick against Brighton and it wouldn’t make any difference. “United aren’t winning the League with him in the team. So they should move on. “And when he leaves, I’m intrigued to see what his teammates say. Every other player at the club has failed miserably this season.”