So that’s bad? No, what is disgusting is that a new report reveals the whole of it will be absorbed by extra management salaries. Yes, the whole lot. During Covid the bureaucratic Blob inside the NHS has used the occasion to increase itself by double or more. This despite no appreciable increase in the frontline staff of doctors, surgeons, nurses, interns and porters – or anyone who actually takes care of you. Also in the report a revelation that the waiting list for examination, let alone treatment, has gone to an all-time high of 6.4 million. The truth is reaching us taxpayers only because of the appointment at last of someone of proven merit tasked to stamp out waste and wokery throughout the service. This is retired Royal Marine general Sir Gordon Messenger. A Scot from Dundee, he led 40 Commando during the Iraq War and it was they who swept ashore and captured the Al-Faw Peninsula. If he can take on Saddam Hussein’s finest, surely he can make mincemeat of the paper-shuffler parasites who live off the taxpayer? And yet… other reformers have been defeated by the bureaucrats they have been sent in to reduce in numbers and cost to us. This is usually because after the grandiose appointment the politicians are quietly threatened with non-cooperation and lose their bottle. It is a simple fact that as our economy crashes – and this has hardly started – we need to save costs on every hand. A start would be a real root-and-branch cutback in red tape, its inventors and administrators. There are a quarter of a million too many on the payroll and those refusing to return to their offices are a prime starting point. A follow-up should be the vanity projects of which two stand out. One is the obsession with net zero carbon output by 2050. We’ll never make it unless we destroy ourselves, as has been pointed out over and over again. When the sun sets and the wind drops we simply have to keep going without black panels and windmills – by burning something. The polluting effects of this could be lessened with carbon capture, but this science is hardly being examined, let alone initiated. We still import coal though we have our own. We import gas and oil but in the North Sea we have our own. There is shale oil and gas under our feet but the eco-luvvies tell us we dare not dig for it and a gutless government bows the knee to this minority. The second staggeringly expensive vanity project is the HS2 line, now discredited by virtually every scientist familiar with it. But political reputations are tied up in this crazy scheme – once tagged at £33billion, now £106billion and rising. Over £10billion is already expended but we could save the rest to help suffering voters rather than promise a fast, comfy ride to a few on-expenses tycoons in 15 years. And political reputations are sacrosanct and worth a lot more than hungry pensioners. This weakling government really has to work out sooner or later whose side it is on. Celebrations in the office of Home Secretary Priti Patel. It seems that the first 11 illegal immigrants have been flown to Rwanda for processing. Our nightly harvest seems to be about 200 to 400 but never mind. A start is a start. A few unanswered problems. Who will do the actual processing down in Kigali? It has to be British functionaries from the Home Office or Border Force. But this is not a nine-to-five job and home for supper with the family. Nor a Monday-to-Friday slog and back for the weekend. This is a long-distance and therefore “hardship” posting. So extra money – lots of it and all on the taxpayer. It can’t be left to local Rwandans. One quick exchange of currency bills and the OK stamp would rise and fall. It seems the cross-Channel attempts have slowed to a crawl. More jubilation in Whitehall. But hold on. Those who have slogged across half the world to settle in the UK and only the UK must be thinking things over in their French encampments, and their course is clear, if more expensive and more profitable for the traffickers. They used to give themselves up when intercepted in mid-Channel, secure in the knowledge they would be escorted to a nice hotel for processing and never returned to where they came from. With Rwanda looming their course is clear. Faster transit, dodge our Border Force, hit the British beach and vaporise. There are scores of different foreign-born societies in Britain happy to take in one of their own, and hide, shelter and find a job for the fugitive. Two problems: if they do that we will never know how many made it and have disappeared forever. So the Blob will claim they are not in the figures so they cannot exist. But they’ll exist all right. And who will trace and track them? Step forward PC Dogsbody. Never mind murder, rape, knife-attacks, burglaries and robberies. The beach-landers will either be deemed not to exist or finding them will take up millions of police hours. Sorry, Priti, it’s still a mess. If you were ever asked which single man, more than any other, enabled the Allies to win the Second World War, the answer is simple. Do not hesitate. It was Adolf Hitler. Kidding himself he was a military genius rather than an ex-corporal, he insisted over and over again on forcing his generals to follow his barmy orders. Unable to flatly refuse – the Gestapo was always waiting – they had to lose battle after battle, campaign after campaign. Left to their own devices they could have swept across Russia in 1941 and been masters of Moscow by Christmas. The Soviet government, evacuated beyond the Urals, would have been impotent to stop them. Stalingrad would have fallen, giving access to the crucial Caucasian oil wells, later but inevitably. But Hitler personally insisted on turning back from completing his conquest ofthe West, leaving us still fighting and eventually re-invading. He insisted on taking decisions normally left to brigadiers and colonels – who were all better than he was. Why mention all this ancient history? Because it is happening again. Vladimir Putin, a former KGB thug, has convinced himself he is a war leader of huge skill and is now taking military decisions normally taken at colonel level. If a general tries to contradict him the man is fired, confined to house arrest, even jail. So, weird though it may sound, we must hope that for the moment Putin stays. Because he and his decisions are losing the war. If he were toppled too soon and a competent professional soldier took over, Russia might still win, even with her insanely brutal and largely incompetent army. Do you believe in coincidences? Well, of course you do; we all do. Because we know they happen. But surely, only up to a point. There comes a time when natural credulity hits the buffers. For example, we read about appalling behaviour from fans of a certain game. Rioting in the streets, starting fights with foreign fans, often abroad on a foreign fixture, wrecking pubs and bars, vomiting all over the landscape, hurling racist abuse at players, throwing missiles onto the pitch, barracking the referee, brawling with rival fans… the list goes on and on. Are these rugby fans? No. Tennis fans at Wimbledon? Cricket fans at Lord’s or the Oval? Athletics fans? Sorry, but it is always football fans whose antics cause us to throw down the newspaper in despair. There must be a case for a scientific study into the reason for this. Is there a certain activity which attracts a certain type of fan who either already has or develops a proclivity for that kind of behaviour, masked as enthusiasm? If not, why just the one sport? The mystery remains unaddressed.