Russian host Olga Skabeeva and Duma's Deputy Speaker Pyotr Tolstoy took turns mocking Secretary of State Anthony Blinken. Mr Tolstoy discussed Mr Blinkens grandfather who was originally from Odesa, Ukraine. The Russian political speaker claimed that all Americans would get old and the Russian will win the war, saying that by then of the battle they'll be in Kyiv drinking coffee. Ms Skabeeva also claimed that Ukraine was part of Russia and was their land.  Mr Tolstoy said: "Have you noticed how badly Blinken has aged? "When he started in this position, he was dark-haired, his grandpa was from Odesa, who was saved by a... And that whole story he told. "Look how old and grey he is now, they don't even understand the world they're in. "They'll get old and grey and we'll win, lets's start to show our real life, our huge country.   JUST IN: ‘F*** the war!’ Putin backlash begins as thousands stage revolt at St Petersburg concert     "You show the US Senate more than our State Duma. Ms Skabeeva said: "Those grey-haired citizens, who we, unfortunately, have to discuss are trying to bring trouble to Russian soil. "They sometimes succeed at it, based on our promise that Ukraine is Russian land, one of the things being decided on the battlefield is whether we will continue to exist, or not." Mr Tolstoy added: "We'll exist in an even better state than before February 24th, either way, they're finished because we're united. "We're all going to be drinking coffee in Kyiv."    READ MORE:Max Verstappen's team radio meltdown as Red Bull issues continue in Spain     The mocking of Anthony Blinken comes after he accused the Russian Government of using food as a weapon.  Russia has threatened to stop sending food to the West if they refuse to remove the imposed financial sanctions on their country. British mixed farmer David Butler told the Express exclusively about the impact on food prices due to the effects of the war in Ukraine. Mr Butler said: "And it's going to be a tricky time, I think in the current circumstances Britain is preparing about on average 9% of their income is spent on food. 