Selling Sunset returned to Netflix with season five and the latest outing was the most explosive yet. The new episodes saw Davina Potratz get a grilling from newcomer Chelsea Lazkani after she rejoined the LA-based Oppenheim Group. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why she left. Davina's exit from The Oppenheim Group was first mentioned in season four when Jason Oppenheim revealed he was looking for a replacement agent. He brought in Vanessa Villela to take over, with Davina's departure coming after the controversial conversation with Chrishell Stause over her divorce from Justin Hartley. Davina received backlash from some of her co-stars as well as members of the public following the row. She even said she had received death threats over the comments she made to Chrishell. Davina ended up leaving the brokerage to join Douglas Elliman, an estate agency in Beverly Hills. READ MORE: Maya Vander fights tears as she opens up on miscarriage Speaking to People magazine about her decision to leave, she said: "I’m really excited to be a part of Douglas Elliman and their very sophisticated and global new development division. "My background is in new development sales and marketing, so this is just a wonderful opportunity for me. It’s just very in tune with my skills. “It’s not that I wanted to leave, but I had a great opportunity. It was a purely business decision.” Jason also told the publication how Davina had been a "tremendous asset" to the team. He said: "I will always want the best for Davina, and I hope that we continue to work together in the future.” However, she ended up rejoining the group part-way through the fourth season and seems to have made amends with most of her colleagues. The fifth outing saw Davina's co-stars stand up for her when she was confronted by Chelsea at the tea party. Davina and Chelsea's argument was brought back to the surface in the special reunion episode. Davina said while she had no issue with Chelsea, she felt she was being influenced by Christine Quinn. The other agents also showed support for her during the reunion, saying she has come a long way. DON'T MISS...Selling Sunset’s Heather shares huge family update [INSIGHT] Selling Sunset: Who is Vanessa Vilella's fiance Nick Hardy? [EXPLAINER] Selling Sunset’s Emma Hernan confirms romance with Christine Quinn ex [INSIGHT] Davina did say she was still unable to see eye to eye with Mary Fitzgerald's husband Romain Bonnet. But both Romain and Davina said they were content with the situation. As it stands, Davina has been sharing the love with her Selling Sunset co-stars and seems happy in her role at The Oppenheim Group. She shared a photo of herself with Heather Rae El Moussa and Maya Vander saying: "Love these ladies." Heather replied with a series of heart emojis. She also confirmed she is working closely with her billionaire client, Adnan Sen. She shared a video captioned: "What are your thoughts on Mr Adnan? I promise that he’s lovely and charming, as you can see here!" The star has praised her colleagues for their achievements, saying she was "so proud" of Emma Hernan for her latest listing. The Oppenheim Group still lists Davina as a broker and Director of the New Development Division. The website says: "Davina has an outstanding, proven record of sales achievements. "In December 2008, in the midst of a challenging economy, she contracted the most expensive condominium ever sold in downtown Los Angeles. Recently, she single-handedly sold out two luxury projects in Beverly Hills for record prices per square foot."  Selling Sunset seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.