She took on the civil service investigation into allegations of Covid lockdown rule-breaking at No10 last December. While Ms Gray – dubbed “deputy God” by some colleagues – is said to shun the media spotlight, some politicians have suggested the former publican is the UK’s “real leader”. In a former role as director-general of propriety and ethics in the Cabinet Office from 2012 to 2018, she is said to have overseen cabinet reshuffles, served as a guiding hand in compiling honours lists and signed off political memoirs before their publication. The diplomacy skills required for such a sensitive role were honed in a location far removed from Whitehall. Ms Gray and her country and western singer husband Bill Conlon bought and ran a pub in Newry, Northern Ireland, at the height of the Troubles in the late-1980s. Ms Gray, in her mid-60s, was chosen to head the investigation into possible wrongdoing in Downing Street after Cabinet Secretary Simon Case – her boss – stepped down from the role after claims his office held a Christmas event in December 2020. Ms Gray, reportedly a cat lover, is no stranger to a standards inquiry, having led two previous reviews into the behaviour of Cabinet ministers. Polly Mackenzie, who served as policy director in the Cabinet Office under former deputy prime minister Nick Clegg, said Ms Gray knew what wielding the power to end careers felt like. The chief executive of think-tank Demos said: “She knows everything that anyone has ever done wrong. So that means when it comes to decisions that might make or break a political career, she can be incredibly powerful.” Ms Gray’s reviews of senior Cabinet ministerial behaviour in the past have led to high-profile sackings and resignations. Former prime minister Theresa May tasked her with investigating close ally Damian Green over allegations he lied about the presence of pornographic images on his Commons computer. She also spearheaded the so-called “plebgate” inquiry into claims that then-chief whip Andrew Mitchell insulted police officers guarding Downing Street. David Laws, a minister in the Tory-Lib Dem coalition government, said David Cameron’s former policy chief Oliver Letwin once told him that unless Ms Gray agreed then “things just don’t happen” in Whitehall. Before the Metropolitan Police completed its inquiry into the partygate claims, which saw Boris Johnson fined for contravening Covid laws, Ms Gray was seen as holding the Prime Minister’s fate in her hands. Scotland Yard issued 126 fines against 83 people across eight dates from May 2020 to April 2021 as part of Operation Hillman. It meant Ms Gray’s report was set to cause less of a splash than first expected. Her interim report, published in January after police announced they were starting their own probe, highlighted “failures of leadership and judgment” at the top of Government, along with criticisms of a drinking culture in No10. Since the Met wrapped up its investigation, a bitter briefings war broke out in the media between No10 and Ms Gray’s team, with one unnamed source telling The Times that she had been “enjoying the limelight a little too much”. Allies of the senior civil servant rejected the suggestion. Ms Gray served as the permanent secretary of the Department of Finance in Northern Ireland from 2018 to 2021. She reportedly told colleagues in the Belfast office that Covid restrictions at the time of her departure and return to the Cabinet Office in May 2021 – as second permanent secretary with responsibility for the Union – meant a leaving do would not be possible.