Judi Dench, 87, has been in a relationship with conservationist David Mills since 2010, and hadn't expected to meet anyone after her husband Michael Williams' death in 2001. The accolade-winning actress candidly shared her thoughts on marriage in an unearthed interview. David and Judi began dating in 2010, nine years after the death of her first husband of 30 years, Michael Williams. Micchael died from lung cancer in 2001, with the couple having one child together called Finty Williams. When asked about the prospect of marrying for a second time, Judi revealed that marriage was not on the cards anytime in the future for the happy couple. She said: "He is not going to propose. READ MORE: Amber Heard could face perjury probe over charitable donation claims "No, no, no, no, no. "Let's just pull ourselves together and be our age!" she added. David then remarked: "We talked about that but I think we are far better off as we are as we have got two separate houses. "And we are either in one or the other and we are four miles apart", he told Good Housekeeping magazine. Speaking to Times Magazine in 2014, Judi expressed her joy at finding love again with David after the loss of her husband. She said: "I wasn't even prepared to be ready for it. "It was very, very gradual and grown up. It's just wonderful." Judi suffers from macular degeneration, a common age-related health condition that affects the middle part of a person's vision. DON'T MISS... Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT] Rihanna ‘gives birth to baby boy’ with rapper A$AP Rocky [BREAKING] Dick Van Dyke, 96, steps out in rare appearance with young wife, 50 [PICS] The successful actress said that sometimes on sets she struggles to see her colleagues and needs help reading her lines. During the pandemic, the actress filmed Belfast, a black and white coming of age film set in 1960s Ireland. Judi spoke to a newspaper representative at the film's premiere earlier this year about her deteriorating eyesight. "I kept going up to the wrong person, having a conversation, and they'd say: ''I'm not who you think I am", she told the Daily Mail. Last month, Judi and Belfast director Kenneth Brannagh received the Freedom of the Town in Stratford-Upon-Avon. The acting pair received the award for their contributions to appearing in Shakespeare's works, and exercised their freedom by herding sheep down Sheep Street. Both Oscar-winners are both considered Shakespearean actors, having graced the stage and screen in countless plays and films. This honour comes after Kenneth won his first Oscar this year, when he scooped the award for Best Original Screenplay for Belfast at the 94th Academy Awards in Hollywood.