Channel 4 series Escape to the Chateau ended in December and left fans wanting more from married couple Angel Adoree and Dick Strawbridge. Despite not being on their screens, fans have continued to follow the couple through their website, Their Home of Escape to the Chateau. Whilst not filming for their show, the couple also toured around the country on their Dare To Do It tour and posted a video which highlighted how they felt preparing for their first night in Edinburgh. Accompanying the clip, which was posted on April 2, 2021, the caption read: "Our wonderful Dare To Do It Tour was a whirlwind! "It felt as though our feet didn’t touch the ground, and to be honest, we’re only just settling back into Chateau life. "We loved meeting so many lovely people, and we made memories we’ll never ever forget. So we had to bring you behind the scenes of our opening night… Enjoy." As the pair made their way to Edinburgh, they were soon standing on the stage, preparing for the big night. READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate Filming their view of the auditorium, Angel narrated: "We are in Edinburgh, it is opening night, our little giraffe has come along with us on tour. "This is the theatre in Edinburgh, and it is stunning. You can get a feel for just how beautiful it is, and these lights are just stunning. "When we look out tonight, I always get quite emotional at this point, all the way along, partly because we are knackered when we turn up. "It is very exciting, and we don't have that much time to dress, and the reason is, is because we have a couple of hours to get everything ready. "It is crazy, so this is good, we are ready, the carpet is out, and we are ready, aren't we, are we ready?" she asked, turning the camera to Dick. He assured her: "Well, ready as we can be, the thing about a live show is we come on at the beginning, we go off at the end, and something happens in the middle. "That's the way I always look at it, but I love it, we'll have a chat with the people." Dick and Angel's children, Arthur and Dorothy, soon joined them to take a look at the theatre and where their parents would be performing. DON'T MISS...Dick Strawbridge hits back at claims his children are 'spoilt' [INSIGHT]Escape to the Chateau: Will there be an Angel and Dick travel show? [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [MORE] Talking to her daughter, Angel commented: "Pretty special isn't it, Dorothy? We will have to chuck you out in a minute. "It is the most incredible theatre, but off you go, kiddies, see you backstage!" Angel then took viewers on a tour of the theatre, out in the seats where many fans would fill out to join them. Gasping at the view, she exclaimed: "I have to say it is a great place to start, it is so beautiful." Back in February 2022, Dick and Angel announced they were going on tour again, naming it "Dare To Do It Tour... So Much More To Say...". Kicking off their tour back in March, they tweeted: "At long last, the opening night of the 2022 'Dare to Do It - So much more to say...' tour is here! "The Strawbridges are in Edinburgh and ready for the next five weeks touring the UK, we hope you're excited as we are, and we can't wait to see some of you there!" Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All 4