Liam Neeson, 69, has clarified he had not met and “fallen in love” with a woman after reports emerged he had met someone. The Love Actually star became accidentally embroiled in a misunderstanding after he attempted to make a joke during an interview. He had been filming in Melbourne back in February when he jokingly admitted he had “fallen in love” with someone. Referencing one of his most famous movies, Liam explained that his supposed love interest was “taken”. The 2008 blockbuster Taken, sees him play a retired Green Beret and former CIA operative who goes on a search for his daughter after she is kidnapped. Speaking to Sunrise hosts David Koch and Natalie Barr, Liam began: “I loved Melbourne. “I loved our Australian crew, they are fantastic workers. “Every department was superb. They were their own people, do you know what I mean? They had a great sense of humour.” Smiling, he added: “I made a couple of pals... I fell in love, but she was taken.” But the joke seemed to have gone unnoticed for some, as reports later emerged claiming he was in love. Now Liam has set the record straight, dismissing the reports as “b***ocks”. The actor said: “It was b***ocks. 'I said, ‘I fell in love, but she was taken.’ “That's a joke,” the Ice Road star told the Daily Mail. Liam lost his wife Natasha Richardson in 2009 at the age of 45 from an epidural hematoma (bleeding around the brain). DON'T MISS...Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [LATEST]Nicki Minaj struggles to contain her modesty at Met Gala 2022 [PICTURES]Katy Perry puts on risqué display as she flashes boob at Met Gala [RED CARPET] The actress had suffered a skiing trip two days before her death. She had been taking a beginner's skiing lesson in Quebec, Canada, when the accident took place. Liam and Natasha married 1994 and shared two sons - Micheál and Daniel. He opened up on Natasha’s last moments on life support during a 2014 interview with CBS's Anderson Cooper. Liam said: “She was on life support... I went in to her and I told her I loved her. “I said, ‘Sweetie, you're not coming back from this - you've banged your head.’ “She and I had made a pact, if any of us got into a vegetative state that we'd pull the plug. “That was my immediate thought, ‘Okay, these tubes have to go. She's gone.’”