Susanna Reid, 51, has fumed at Michael Gove on Twitter after his appearance on Good Morning Britain today. Secretary of State for Levelling Up Michael Gove was given a dressing down by the presenter on the ITV news programme. She tore into the minister over the cost-of-living crisis and demanded to know why he would not remove VAT on energy bills to help citizens. On Twitter, Susanna continued her anger against Gove as she typed: “In 2016 Michael Gove wrote a newspaper article saying VAT on fuel bills hit the poorest hardest & we should Brexit to remove VAT. “In 2022 he says removing VAT would help the wealthiest most and we shouldn’t do it.” The mother-of-two also shared a video clip from GMB showing her grilling of Gove, as she questioned why he campaigned for removing VAT on energy bills previously, but was now not supportive of the change. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith 'very upset' after 'jewellery is robbed' on TV show set However, some of her followers also seemed frustrated that it appeared Gove was unable to fully answer Susanna’s questions without interruption. @BcfcDavid wrote: “During the whole 1 min 6 seconds of this video, there were only 13 seconds where you didn't speak or talk over him. Seriously, what's the point? Hold ministers to account but let us listen to what they have to say.”(sic) @zx_spectrum_30 remarked: “Whilst removing VAT for everyone would be lovely, the tax just gets raised somewhere else so I would like the rich to carry on paying it, but have some means of removing/rebating/supporting those that really need it. “ @JesteR6_sd commented: “Two things, when you ask a question let the other person answer even if you don’t like where it’s going and secondly STOP INTERRUPTING.” On GMB, Susanna brought up a newspaper article written by Gove, in May 2016, which claimed the least wealthy are hit particularly hard on fuel bills by VAT. She fumed: "What's changed? That was part of your campaign to leave the EU which would enable you to take VAT off energy bills because the least wealthy are hit particularly hard." She continued: "You were the loudest voice on removing VAT on energy bills and people are going to wonder why, when you are in the position to do it, you have decided not to do it." The broadcaster told Gove he had previously stated it would disproportionately benefit those who are most wealthy. DONT MISS:Tom Parker's wife Kelsey says Deborah James was ‘a pillar of strength’ (PHOTOS)Downton Abbey's Penelope Wilton says Maggie Smith gets ‘best lines’ (NEWS)Holly Willoughby shows off enviable figure before jumping in the pool (LATEST) She added: "Your campaign back in 2016 was that taking VAT off energy bills would actually help the poorest." Gove explained the campaign that year was focused on the fact energy bills occupy a higher portion of the total income of people who are lower down the income spectrum. When Susanna asked the minister what has changed since 2016, he replied: "What has changed is, of all of the tools that you can deploy in order to ensure you target support on the very poorest, there are more precise tools." An unconvinced Susanna asked whether he was wrong when he campaigned for VAT to come off energy bills in 2016. The ITV journalist said: "Now that we have got Brexit done, elected British politicians can do something, so why don't you do it and remove VAT on energy bills?" Gove replied: "I would love to remove VAT on energy bills but an even more effective way of helping those who are the poorest is by targeting support through the council tax system." "It's not an either-or Michael Gove," the presenter stressed as she talked over the minister. Gove's appearance on Good Morning Britain also left some viewers furious after he said Boris Johnson should not have to resign following “Partygate”.