Ruben Neves could slot straight into four teams after the Wolves star issued a come-and-get-me transfer plea. Neves has starred for the Midlands club since arriving from Porto, but his time at Molineux now appears to be at an end after he admitted he is ready for a new challenge. “Everyone knows about what football is about, what our lives are about. Our careers are really short, we need to take the opportunities we have. Of course, all of us have dreams and we need to live those dreams in a short space of time," Neves said following Wolves' final day defeat to Liverpool. "Let's see what happens. I cannot say too much about it.If I go it would be really hard for me and my family. But, as I told you, we have dreams to live in a short space of time. And if anything happens, that's why I was so emotional the last game at home because I don't know how it's going to be. For now, I'm just thinking of my holidays and the national team.” Attention will now turn towards who could sign the Portuguese international if he does move on as expected. Here, Daily Express Sport examines four possible destinations for Neves as clubs prepare for the opening of the summer transfer window. READ MORE: Liverpool star Thiago produces ridiculous 'illegal' assist vs Wolves Manchester United Manchester United have long been linked with a move for Neves and will likely firm up their interest. The Red Devils are set to overhaul their midfield options this summer and Erik ten Hag may find the perfect target in Neves. Arsenal Much like United, Arsenal have also retained a long-term interest in Neves, with reports that they were considering a over last summer. The injury problems of Thomas Partey will likely force the Gunners into the market for a new midfielder, with Neves a leading option. DON'T MISS: Man Utd star David de Gea fires shots at team-mates with transfer call (NEWS)Arsenal missing out on Champions League could affect Saliba future (INSIGHT)Barcelona star De Jong ‘gave away farewell gifts’ as Man Utd eye deal (TRANSFERS) Barcelona According to The Athletic, Barcelona are seen as being a 'likely destination' for Neves if he leaves Wolves. The La Liga giants are preparing a major summer overhaul as Xavi looks to restore Barca to their place fighting for trophies, with Neves emerging as a midfield target. Manchester City The impending departure of Fernandinho means that Manchester City will be in the market for a new midfielder. Neves would appear to suit Pep Guardiola's team and would bring four years of Premier League experience with him.