American strongman JD Anderson appeared on Saturday's ITV show to demonstrate his incredible strength. Britain's Got Talent judges and the audience were stunned as the huge man bent a hammer over his leg and broke baseball bats with his body. He later smashed some of the ice blocks with his head before running into the biggest stacks and smashing them with his entire body. Following the act, David Walliams became worried as he pointed out JD was bleeding from his head.  "I'm JD Anderson from the United States and I'm a world-record-holding strong man," JD explained before his audition. He went on: "I was always the biggest kid growing up, I was huge, I was over two feet long when I was born - I was 12lbs. "I mean, I don't know what measurement you do here, but that's a lot. "I'm not scared of anything," he added, before stating: "Today I want Simon Cowell to say, 'Wow, you're nuts but I loved it and I want to see more,' that's the goal." READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge explains 'ridiculous' buy "Hello, how are you?" Simon Cowell asked as JD took to the stage, surrounded by stacked blocks of ice. "I'm great, how are you?" he replied, while Simon observed: "That looks like ice behind you." "It's a lot of ice," he confirmed before Simon responded: "Which means I'm going to make this talk really quick otherwise you won't have an act." "My name is JD Anderson, they call me the Iceman, I'm from the United States," he clarified.  "Why come to Britain's Got Talent?" the judge asked JD. "Britain's Got Talent's the biggest show by far," the muscly man answered as the audience cheered. JD started his act by bending a steel hammer over his leg. "Wow, wow!" Alesha Dixon gasped before he moved on to baseball bats. The crowd was gobsmacked as JD snapped the first in two over his leg before doing the same with his back. DON'T MISS... The Repair Shop’s Jay lived among rats after father left with money [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by Rolex value - but missed out on £6K [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts loses everything in scam [THEORY] Turning to the blocks of ice, the audience roared as JD broke through them with his head. He moved onto the biggest stack and took a few paces backwards before sprinting into the ice with his body, causing it to smash. All four judges were on their feet as he finished the audition, but he seemed to have suffered an injury and his head began to bleed from the impact. "Well, that's unbelievable, you are stronger than the Titanic, aren't you?" Simon remarked. "Well, you're very butch dear, aren't you?" David joked, before spotting that blood was trickling from JD's head onto his face. "Oh you're bleeding!" he panicked. "From your head, are you okay?" "Sweet!" JD replied as the audience laughed. David asked: "You're okay with that?" as JD insisted he was fine. "That looked so much fun, it really did," Alesha said. "Honestly you are a legend, that was great, that was so entertaining - I loved it." Amanda Holden admitted: "I mean, I think you're absolutely nuts!" Presenter Declan Donnelly then appeared on stage to hand JD something to stem the bleeding with. "Oh look, St John's Ambulance, they're here," Amanda joked. She went on: "He doesn't care, I mean it's just a scratch isn't it, JD?" "That's right, I don't even feel it - I'm just grateful to be here, to be honest, thank you guys so much," he replied. JD was delighted to receive four yeses from the judges as the audience remained stunned. Britain's Got Talent continues on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.