  Jeff Hordley, 52, is best known for playing Cain Dingle on ITV’s hit show Emmerdale. The soap star spoke to Express.co.uk about how his hectic filming schedule can sometimes cause him “trouble” when it comes to being able to actually watch the show.      Speaking about one recent scene involving a car crash, Jeff described how the show gets put together. “We had fun shooting it,” he recalled, going on to praise the team behind the camera. “We've got a fantastic director called Suri (Krishnamma) who's just the most fun and a very creative director on the show. “So, you know, I'm really intrigued to see what he does with the episode because it was written in a nice style with flash forwards and stuff like that. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial     “And then there's plenty happening in the episode so it'll be really interesting to see what the finished product is,” he said, referring to the episode that saw Cain behind the wheel two weeks ago. Further on in the interview, Cain was asked if he would be looking forward to watching himself back in the dramatic car scene. “Yeah, I mean, as long as I'm not working,” he admitted. “I mean, that's the trouble - sometimes if you're still on set, you never really get to see when it goes out.      “But yeah, there'll be some way shape or form. I'll catch up upon it.” Michael was also quizzed on what it was like to play out a rivalry with Al Chapman, who is portrayed by Michael Wildman. “It's been great fun,” he said in reference to his co-star. “You know, Mike and I get on really well." “And we sing from the same sheet when it comes to what we're trying to achieve in the story, which helps.” READ MORE... Matthew Perry has ‘always been in love’ with Friends co-star Courteney [NEWS] Joan Collins looks younger than 89 as she bares toned shoulders [NEWS] Kate Moss says Johnny Depp 'didn't push me' [TRIAL UPDATE]      Jeff was first cast as Cain Dingle back in 2000, announcing his decision to leave the soap in 2006. After a few years of performing in theatrical productions including Harold Pinter's The Caretaker and George Orwell's classic Animal Farm, he returned to the Dales in 2009. Since his comeback as Cain, Jeff has been nominated for the British Soap Award for Best Actor three times. He married his Emmerdale co-star, Zoe Henry, in 2003.      The pair welcomed their daughter Violet in 2005 and their son Stan in 2008. Zoe played vet Rhona Goskirk in Emmerdale, first appearing on the show in 2001. She took a break from the soap after a couple of years, going on to star in Eastenders as Detective Constable Deanne Cunningham, but returned to West Yorkshire in 2010. Emmerdale continues tonight at 7:30pm on ITV.  