  Dan Walker took to Twitter and addressed his temporary replacement on BBC Breakfast today. The broadcaster had been co-hosting the show alongside Sally Nugent, but is now moving across to present the news on Channel 5 after six years on the programme.    The 45-year-old spoke about his on-screen replacement on social media after bidding farewell to his BBC colleagues yesterday. Retweeting a post from former co-star Sally, 50, he shared his thoughts, in view of his 758,800 followers, as Jon Kay stepped in and hosted Wednesday's edition. Earlier this morning, Sally had posted a selfie on the breakfast sofa with Jon, who is a BBC News correspondent and regularly presents on Breakfast. “Morning everyone @BBCBreakfast @jonkay01,” Sally wrote with a smiling emoji, next to the photo of them both grinning at the camera.      In reaction to the tweet, Dan wrote: “The future right there [fingers crossed emoji] [trophy emoji].” His fans and followers took to the comments section to share their thoughts as many viewers have suggested Jon should be made Dan's permanent replacement. Mike Sullivan wrote: “I love @jonkay01. Great choice if he’s picked to be your successor. “Although, have the BBC allowed you to do what Man Utd allowed Fergie to do & pick who takes over??” he added with a grimace emoji (sic).     “@jonkay01 has done a great job on the show and fully deserves being your replacement,” added Doug Sanders. Serenity Knutsford added: “It would be very well deserved. @jonkay01 has a reassuring, authentic nature to him and it's always good to see him on @BBCBreakfast.” Lucy Bustin commented: “For me, Jon is the man for the job. He's funny and brings sunshine in the morning. Hope he gets the job.” While Phil lamented: “I'm sure he's a lovely guy but, he's no Dan Walker.”     Dan said goodbye to BBC Breakfast yesterday, with his final episode capturing his last time hosting the show beside Sally on the red sofa. The BBC has confirmed they are still searching for his replacement and there has been plenty of speculation over who might become the new permanent host alongside Sally. Jon has been rumoured to take over from the broadcaster, as well as the likes of AJ Odudu, Mike Bushell and Gethin Jones. The job is still being advertised on the BBC careers website until May 24.      Jon is a journalist based in the West of England known for his work on BBC News. He was BBC News at Six correspondent during the London Olympics in 2012 and a correspondent during the 2015 general election campaign. Jon also regularly appears on BBC Breakfast as a presenter and seems to be a big hit with fans. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.   