Tiger Woods could have been up there challenging for the US PGA Championship if he'd copied the approach of John Daly - according to 'Wild Thing' himself. Woods, 46, made a brave return to professional golf last month, completing all four rounds of the US Masters just 14 months after the high-speed car crash that almost cost him his leg. Initially, he seemed set to miss the PGA in order to be fully prepared for The Open Championship at St Andrews this summer, but then again defied doubters by teeing off in the first round at Southern Hills. An opening round of 74 left him sweating over making it for the weekend, but he then notched a 69 to creep inside the cut mark. However, in clear pain, he hobbled to a 76 on the Saturday, and then never reappeared the following morning after withdrawing from the Championship. It now remains to be seen the extent to which he's damages his chances of returning to 'the home of golf' in Scotland, where he's won twice before. Daly meanwhile, briefly led on the opening day but after rounds of 72 and 76, failed to make the cut. The two-time major winner caught the eye as ever though in his customary bright clothing, going from shot to shot in a golf buggy and smoking throughout his 36 holes. JUST IN: TV reporter 'covered in blood' and hospitalised after wayward PGA Championship shot And the 56-year-old thinks that Wood could have avoided a lot of physical discomfort by following suit: "I guarantee you that if Tiger used a cart this week, he'd be on the leaderboard," Daly told Golf.com. Just three years ago, at the same tournament, the 15-time major champion took aim at his fellow American for that exact thing. "As far as JD taking a cart, well, I walked with a broken leg, so..." he said. Woods later apologised for his remarks after discovering the context, with Daly permitted use of a cart at the PGA on the basis of a medical condition. The exemption doesn't automatically apply to other tour events. DON'T MISS:PGA Championship final leaderboard: Scores as Justin Thomas wins dramatic play-offJustin Thomas hits out at PGA Championship over supporter treatment as golf fans disgustedRory Mcilroy providing 'giddy feeling' at PGA as Paul McGinley makes major prediction However, the icon has previously ruled out ever applying to use a cart himself: “No. I wouldn’t, no. No. Absolutely not. Not for a PGA Tour event, no," he said. "That’s just not who I am. That’s not how I’ve always been, and if I can’t play at that level, I can’t play at that level.” Ahead of The Open, which starts July 14, Woods is scheduled to play a warm-up event in Ireland. He's entered into the JP McManus Pro-Am at Adare Manor, which will host the 2027 Ryder Cup.