Saturday Kitchen host Matt Tebbutt had an all-star lineup for the most recent episode of his BBC cooking chat show. Joining him in the kitchen were popular chefs Ken Hom and Nisha Katona, presenter and podcaster Fearne Cotton and wine expert Olly Smith. The studio guests united many onlookers online who were ecstatic to see Ken in particular. He was back in the kitchen cooking in person after not stepping into the studio for many years due to the pandemic.  After two and a half years, Matt welcomed Ken back to his BBC weekend show. The talk show host said: "After the last two and a half years zooming in from around the world, from houses in France... but now you are back in your spiritual home of Clapham. "Is it good to be back?" Ken replied that it was "good to be back" and got to work straight away in the kitchen as he prepared pork with hoisin sauce and pancakes with the help of Matt. Read More: Sam Heughan: Can Outlander star really speak Gaelic?   Later in the kitchen, Nisha was on hand to make a Thalia and mango dhal. One over the moon fan, Johnny Pearson-Hall, tweeted: "I just let out an audible gasp as I saw that @NishaKatona is on @SaturdayKitchen with the gorgeous @matt_tebbutt. "This is the BEST start to my day! Can't wait to see Nisha cooking and inspiring us all again!!" @CookFluffy said: "Great @SaturdayKitchen lineup today, Mr @matt_tebbutt.  "Lovely to see @NishaKatona this morning. That lady is a natural teacher and needs more telly time." (sic) Jackie Cariad echoed the sentiment and added: "Two of my fav chefs today #SaturdayKitchen." Fearn wore a floral jumpsuit and green boots, which impressed fashion-forward viewers. @Sian_L commented: "Can't take my eyes off Fearne's boots!!! They're amazing #SaturdayKitchen." DON’T MISS…'Bit of a surprise' Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [LATEST]Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue from final scene [LATEST]A Discovery of Witches star hints at series return 'There's plenty more stories'[LATEST]  Many viewers found Ken "fascinating" as he effortlessly prepared his meal while recounting health facts and stories from his travels. Fearne professed that she was that "annoying vegan", but was luckily cooked meals she could eat alongside her colleagues by the chefs. Chasing their meals with a glass of wine paired by Olly, she joked: "I haven't drunk wine this early in the morning since the noughties." Fearne was on the show to talk about her podcast Happy Place and her Happy Place wellbeing festival.    