The new series kicked off with the return of the iconic character Sam Ryan (played by Amanda Burton). Her successor Nikki found Sam's presence amid an intense investigation difficult though, with Sam's intentions coming under question. The cast of Silent Witness spoke to Express.co.uk and other media ahead of the first episode, where Emilia detailed how something is "going on" with the two strong personalities on the hit BBC crime drama. Talking about Sam's return, Emilia commented: "Yes, and it's awkward. "Because, you know, I think they have a mutual respect for each other and are curious about each other. "And then almost immediately, Jack (David Caves) and Nikki are thinking, 'Why have we been brought into this, and are we being handled, and can we trust Sam?' "But of course, Sam has always been on the right side of justice and that's where Jack and Nikki and Simone (Genesis Lynea) stand and we want to trust Sam but there is definitely something going on."  Emilia described how it felt to come "full circle" as Nikki interacted with her well-known predecessor. "Well, I always remember saying after I'd auditioned for it and was offered the part, 'I can't step into the shoes of Sam Ryan and Amanda,'" she explained. "You know, her legacy is so great. And Nigel [McCrery] created the series for Sam Ryan and for Amanda and I didn't think the audience would appreciate Nikki Alexander trying to step into some shoes. "But they promised me she would be a very different character and that she would be part of an ensemble cast, which is what it became. "And I think, you know, it's testament to the series itself and Nigel's creation a bit that it has had so many evolutions with different regular characters and then full circle we have Sam Ryan back again. "So you know, but that's the strength of what Nigel created." Amanda, 65, starred as Sam in Silent Witness from 1996 to 2004, where she headed up the forensics team. Amanda returned on Monday successor, after reprising her role. When asked if she expected to return or if she had ever contemplated coming back, Amanda candidly answered: "No." "No, quite frankly," she laughed. "I had the pleasure of Emilia and I doing a photoshoot together about four years ago, and we were sort of laughing about it then. "But it was sort of, 'Yeah, right. You know, that's never going to happen.' "And then I got a call and I was just completely blown away by it. I'm very excited about the opportunity. So amazing." The episode saw a Covid-era-inspired issue relating to health passports and the regulation of the nation's health data. Romance was also blossoming between Jack and Nikki after the previous series left a question mark over their relationship. The explosive opening episode of the new series has already got fans hooked, with several unanswered questions looming. Silent Witness continues on Tuesday at 9pm on BBC One.