Pests are one of the most frustrating challenges faced by gardeners all year round, with a huge variety of bugs to look out for on plants and flowers. Getting rid of unwanted insects from leaves, roots and petals is easy to do with commercial pesticides, but they can often do more harm than good to both your garden and the environment. Here are some of the most effective natural methods to stop insects from crawling on your garden plants. According to the Royal Horticultural Society, regular use of pesticides can lead to the development of resistance. In fact, there is a growing list of pests, diseases and weeds which are no longer controlled by chemicals that were once effective against them. Improper use of garden pesticides can also cause pollution in some cases too, so what can you try instead to tackle pesky insects climbing on your plants? READ MORE: How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ Soapy water can be applied directly to plants to stop small bugs like aphids or scales from damaging the crop. Scales look like flat or domed shells which attach themselves to plant stems or the underside of leaves. These miniature bugs are commonly found around the main veins of the leaf, which is where the soapy water should be applied. Fill a small bowl with water and add a few drops of dish soap to create a bubbly liquid. Dip a soft brush into the water and apply it directly onto the plant, brushing away the bugs from the twigs and leaves as you go. Larger infestations can be sprayed with this soapy solution, just decant it into an empty spray bottle and spritz generously over the plant. This is one of the most natural control methods for sap-sucking insects such as aphids, and can be used on any plant. If you notice a cluster of these small critters on your flowers or foliage, all you need to do is blast the affected area with your garden hose. Award-winning garden writer Jean Vernon said: “The power of the water jet will blast the little critters from your tender plant stems to the ground, where ground feeding, insect eating birds like robins and wrens will devour them with relish.” Water works particularly well on delicate roses, which are prone to aphid attacks. DON'T MISS:How to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways [INSIGHT]3 ‘natural scents’ to deter rats from your garden [ANALYSIS]Monty Don on what to do if ants ‘attack’ apple trees - 'don't spray' [REVEAL] While barriers are best used alongside other natural methods, they are a great way to protect your plants after dealing with an active infestation of insects. Copper bands and gritty barriers are best for deterring slimy slugs, while fleece and mesh materials can be used to prevent flying insects from reaching your crops. It should be noted using coverings over your plants will also prevent pollinators from getting in, so make sure you’re only using barriers on species that don’t need pollinating. Writing for Hartley and Botanic, Ms Vernon explained stopping the pests reaching your plants in the first place is one of the best ways to “save them from destruction”. The red spider mite is the most common species found in the UK and is more widely known as the two-spotted mite. This small insect is known to infest garden plants, leaving a recognisable silk webbing on the surface of the leaves. To get rid of pesky spider mites, start by mixing together half a cup of buttermilk with four cups of wheat flour. Dilute this with five gallons of water and pour into a spray bottle. This should be applied to the tops and bottom of the plant's foliage for the best results.