Both Sweden and Finland have put aside their historic opt out of Nato in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and applied to join following threats to them from Vladimir Putin. But Turkey government sources have told Express.co.uk that Swedish Prime Minister Magdalena Andersson government’s alleged support of a Marxist Kurdish terrorist group means they will not accept them until they stop sending money and weapons. President Erdogan of Turkey believes Sweden is supplying support for the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK) - recognised as a terrorist group by the UK, US and EU - and its affiliate the People’s Protection Group  (YPG). A senior Turkish Government source told Express.co.uk: "We are very clear in our opposition to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and have supported the NATO efforts to support President Zelensky and the Ukrainians. "We also do not object to Nato expanding but if you want to be an ally then you cannot supply weapons and aid to terrorist groups which are firing missiles at another Nato member. It’s not reasonable. "Sweden is supporting the PKK and YPG, which are Marxist groups attacking Turkey and we cannot accept them as an ally while this is happening." To be allowed into Nato all the members have to agree unanimously which means just one country can veto an application. The senior Turkey government source added: "This has been going on for a long time but nobody has taken much notice. "Now everybody suddenly sees it as a problem because Sweden wants to join, but this is not a new problem. "At least now we can have a proper conversation about this and hold talks. "But this will not be quick. It will take a long time." READ MORE: Macron slams Turkey as he demands respect for Finland and Sweden Sweden has denied providing financial or military support for Kurdish terrorists. In an interview Swedish foreign minister Ann Linde told the Aftonbladet newspaper: "Sweden is a major humanitarian donor to the Syria crisis through global allocations to humanitarian actors. "Co-operation in north eastern Syria is carried out primarily through the United Nations and international organisations." She said: "Sweden doesn’t provide targeted support to Syrian Kurds or to the political or military structures in northeastern Syria, but the population in these areas is, of course, taking part in these aid projects." DON'T MISS Tony Blair teams up with 'new political party' in echo of Macron [REVEAL] Top Tory minister humiliates Emily Thornberry [REACT] Brexiteers furious at Jacob Rees-Mogg's failure to rip up EU law [INSIGHT]