The Chancellor has unveiled a support package to assist millions of households to tackle the cost-of-living crisis. The support, which will be partly paid for by a £5billion windfall tax, will give all households a £400 grant to help pay their skyrocketing energy bills. However, Kate Garraway questioned the timing of Rishi Sunak's support package which was announced in the wake of Sue Gray's Partygate report being published.  Sunak told Good Morning Britain viewers the support the Government announced on Thursday will help those who are concerned about soaring energy bills. However, Garraway said: "It's a solid sticking plaster, my question is for someone who is always looking at investment and looking at how to pay for things down the line, what are you going to do to cost that and how are you going to get that investment in quickly from those companies?" The Chancellor explained the Government has the "super deduction" scheme which is something he announced last year and runs through to next year. He added: "It's a very generous incentive for businesses to invest in the economy and what I have already committed to doing is when that temporary generous investment expires next spring, we will replace it with something which is more permanent." READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines He added: "That growing economy is how over time we can create a more prosperous society, that is the best way to deal with cost-of-living challenges, that is the best way for families to have a better life. "So that is all part of our plan to grow the economy and you will hear more from me on that in the autumn." Garraway probed the Chancellor on the timing of the announcement of the Government's £15billion support package. The 55-year-old broadcaster asked: "Why yesterday did you suddenly have that solution to that dilemma?"  Sunak firmly stated the support package was a plan the Government had been working on "for a while". "As you would imagine, these things take time to design and think through properly and that is what we have been doing," the 42-year-old told ITV viewers. "In terms of the timing, more broadly, for the announcement, the reason for that is I have stood ready to support people but we wanted to wait until we had a bit more certainty and clarity about what would happen to energy bills in the autumn so we could appropriately size of the support we were going to put in place." But Garraway interjected: "You can see why people like me might be questioning the timing because it did come straight after the Prime Minister apologising about the things which were revealed in the Sue Gray report. DON'T MISS...Radio caller slams Sunak as 'middle income' Brits 'get no support' [LATEST]Naga Munchetty shut down as she demands £400 scrapped for high earners [MUST SEE]Pensioners warned 850,000 older Britons may miss out on £650 payment [UPDATE]  "It does look to many people, even though I am sure the people getting the money might not mind, it does look like it was a big moment to distract from that." Sunak ruled out the possibility the funding announcement was driven by the aftermath of the Gray report. He added: "Yesterday was also the last day Parliament was sitting before the recess for the Jubilee next week and it was important I made these announcements in Parliament so that I am held accountable." Sunak stressed he believed it was important to make the announcement as soon as he could in a bid to allay the nation's anxiety surrounding energy bills.    All households will receive £400 of support with their energy bills through the Energy Bills Support Scheme. 