Dan Walker, who left BBC Breakfast after six years, took to social media and gushed over his former co-star Carol Kirkwood who announced she is engaged to her boyfriend Steve today. The new Channel 5 presenter has hinted at a possible return to the BBC after he addressed the big news. In view of his 759,000 followers, Dan shared a candid photo alongside Carol who cheekily had her arms wrapped around his neck. The former Football Focus presenter hinted he would return to BBC Breakfast if the weather forecaster decided to tie the knot on-screen. He penned: "Carol Kirkwood is the best of us. Delighted she has found someone who can handle her headlock hugs. Congratulations Carol. "If you get married live on #BBCBreakfast can I come back for a one off? @carolkirkwood." READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood shares engagement news with mystery man In an earlier post, he wrote: "Wonderful! Congratulations to Carol & Steve. THE BEST NEWS!" The 45-year-old was not alone in offering his well wishes to the Scottish-born weather presenter. Carol's BBC Breakfast co-star Matt Taylor penned: "I’m already breaking in my pageboy outfit. Huge congratulations to my @carolkirkwood x." Sally Nugent offered: "Congratulations to Carol."   Former BBC Breakfast presenter Steph McGovern added: "Yay! Congratulations Carol @carolkirkwood." Speaking on the news programme, host Sally said she was a bit "concerned" for the weather presenter. "I don't know how you're managing to stand up with that giant rock on your left hand Carol?" Sally mused. The weather presenter chuckled: "Thank you Sal. It is rather nice. I got engaged." DON'T MISS... Dragons' Den star Sara Davies won't leave £35m inheritance to sons[LATEST]Janette Manrara in loved-up display with husband Aljaz Skorjanec[PICTURES]Donny Osmond feared never walking again 'Unable to move'[ADMISSION] Carol confirmed she and her boyfriend got engaged while on holiday and added she is "thrilled". The on-screen star has remained tight-lipped on her romance with her fiancé. Speaking with Prima Magazine in June 2021, Carol revealed the romantic way her boyfriend takes care of her at home, explaining: "He always makes me a cup of tea before I go to work in the morning, which is very romantic - it's 2.45am and he often leaves me a little love note for when I come home from work. "That, to me, is worth a million red roses." Clearly smitten with her new man, Carol added: "He is the best thing that's ever happened to me, without a shadow of a doubt." The weather forecaster resides in Maidenhead since splitting from cricket player Jimmy Kirkwood. The pair were married for 18 years from 1990 to 2008. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.