George Russell has admitted Mercedes are stuck with what they’ve got for the time being in a blow to the team’s title hopes. Russell insists there will be no quick fix for the Silver Arrows but is hopeful the issues could soon pass. He said: “We're learning every single day and we feel like there will be a solution in the pipeline at some point, but at the moment, we're sort of stuck with what we've got." Mercedes' chances of a successful season were in doubt as early as pre-season testing. However, the team secured third and fourth in Bahrain after Red Bull’s Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez suffered double retirements. Since then, the team appears to be going backwards with Russell and Hamilton unable to make it out of the midfield for most of the Imola weekend. Russell eventually climbed to fourth after a good start and benefiting from others’ mistakes, but Hamilton was stuck behind a DRS train and finished just 13th. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton 'not humiliated' by George Russell defeats The seven-time champion’s poor result comes weeks after the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix where Hamilton was only fast enough for 10th. It leaves the Briton seventh in the points standings, over 50 behind championship leader Charles Leclerc. Russell has fared slightly better with four consecutive top-five results to leave him fourth in the standings. However, the former Williams man has warned everything is going against the Silver Arrows after a torrid start to the campaign. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and George Russell's Mercedes issues identified [INSIGHT]George Russell faces one challenge against Lewis Hamilton [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell set for boost with new upgrades [COMMENT] He said: “Ultimately, when the car isn't quick enough, everything goes against you: strategy isn't necessarily the best, luck isn't on your side, everything sort of goes against you. Whereas when the car's quick, the strategy is always amazing, luck is always on your side, and everything just goes in your favour, so that's the fact of the matter, and we just need to find more performance." Mercedes have suggested the team will introduce some minor upgrades at Miami this weekend. The team’s major changes are then expected to come into effect from the Spanish Grand Prix. Andrew Shovlin, trackside engineering director said: “Being realistic, we think this is something we approach in steps rather than one big moment when the whole thing vanishes. But we are seeing encouraging signs and we are hoping to bring parts to the car soon, maybe even for Miami, where we can hopefully see progress on this issue.”