According to Kyiv, the Kremlin is planning a referendum in Russian-controlled Kherson in September. Meanwhile, a Russian official in the region made an official call for annexation – a move that would confirm Moscow's permanent occupation of Ukrainian territory captured since February. These contradictory pieces of information "suggest considerable confusion" among Vladimir Putin's teams, the Institute for the Study of War (ISW) has said. The ISW said in its latest assessment of the conflict, which began nearly three months ago, that there is "considerable confusion" at the Kremlin. The institute said: "Russian occupation authorities continue to face administrative problems that prevent Russia from establishing full control over occupied territories. "The Ukrainian Military Intelligence Directorate (GUR) reported that the Kremlin is planning a referendum in Kherson Oblast on September 11, adding that Russian forces will attempt to recruit local collaborators throughout the summer." It added: "The wildly varying reports of possible dates for a referendum in Kherson (and denials that there will be any annexation) suggest considerable confusion within the Russian leadership at various levels about Russia's prospects for securing the area and, possibly, the best way forward." On Saturday, May 15, the UK's Ministry of Defence (MoD) said a request from authorities in Kherson to join the Russian Federation is part of Moscow's strategy to use rigged votes to place Ukrainian regions under Russian control. DON'T MISSNATO vs Russia weapons: Putin terrified by Western armies [INSIGHT]British fighters trapped in Mariupol steelworks [EXCLUSIVE]Russia in FLAMES: Horror blaze rips through historic building [REPORT] It said in its daily intelligence update: "A central part of Russia's original invasion plan was highly likely to use rigged referendums to place the majority of Ukraine's regions under long-term pro-Russian authority. "The fact that Russia has only succeeded in imposing a pro-Russia local leadership in Kherson highlights the failure of Russia's invasion to make progress towards its political objectives in Ukraine." It added that Russia will "almost certainly” manipulate the results of any referendum. Separately, Petr Andryushchenko, adviser to the mayor of Mariupol, said Moscow is preparing to hold a vote on whether the city will join Russia, following the announcement of a similar poll in Georgia’s breakaway region of South Ossetia. He told the Observer on Saturday: "We have some information that the Russian authorities are preparing a referendum and could even call it tomorrow, but we don’t know yet if this is the case. "But we see lots of integration of Mariupol into the Russian system, the education system, the banking system."