Manchester City players are reportedly unhappy with the PFA for closing the vote for the Player of the Year award last Sunday. Liverpool star Mohamed Salah is the favourite to win the award and City stars feel he has been given an unfair advantage over Kevin De Bruyne. Salah is the leading scorer in the Premier League this season with two matches remaining. The 29-year-old has scored just twice since the 2-0 win over Brighton on March 12. Meanwhile, De Bruyne has hit his richest form of the campaign. He scored four goals in the 5-1 drubbing of Wolves last Wednesday. However, the vote for PFA Player of the Year, which is decided by the players themselves, closed three days previous to that stunning performance. And the Mail claims City stars believe De Bruyne could now miss out on the award because his goals against Wolves will not be taken into account. READ MORE: Arsenal can sign two top strikers for just £42.4m as agent 'flies in to London'  The awards ceremony does not take place until June 9 and will be a virtual event, as has been the case for the last couple of seasons due to the coronavirus pandemic. So City may feel further aggrieved that the voting did not close at the end of the Premier League season next weekend. De Bruyne has won the award for the past two seasons. No player has won it three years in a row since its inception in 1973. Salah picked up the trophy during his first season at Liverpool in 2018. And he looks set to win it again when the winner is announced next month. Salah has already won the Football Writers' Association Footballer of the Year award. He beat De Bruyne and West Ham's Declan Rice, who were second and third in the voting. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'working on second deal as well as De Jong' with Ten Hag reaching out [GOSSIP]Man Utd target De Jong 'ready to snub £75m transfer' despite Ten Hag lure [RUMOUR]Steve McClaren’s stance on Marcus Rashford after secret Man Utd meeting with Erik ten Hag [REPORT]  When asked about Salah's achievement, City boss Pep Guardiola said: "Congratulations to Salah." He then took a cheeky jibe at his Liverpool counterpart Jurgen Klopp. Asked if he felt one of his City players should have won the award, Guardiola said: "Absolutely not, ours were not in contention. He won it before - congrats to Salah. "Jurgen says they have the best keeper, defender, midfielder, strikers so it’s normal for them to win the award!" City need four points to secure the Premier League title in their remaining two matches.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here