Vladimir Putin is deploying new war vehicles and weapons in Ukraine as the Kremlin attempts to take the contested eastern areas of the country. The formidable tanks have been filmed by Moscow’s 90th tank division in Severodonetsk, a city on the frontline of Russia's offensive in the Donbas. It comes as Russia attempts to bolster its forces in the Donbas. Russia's forces have been dramatically weakened by the influx of modern Western weaponry being used by Ukraine. Kremlin forces have faced unprecedented and unsustainable troop and equipment losses since it started the war on February 24. Despite the widely reported issues Russia is having, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday that "everything is going to plan...there's no doubt that all the objectives will be achieved." READ MORE: Ukrainian MP slams Putin's disinterest in peace talks The Terminator, otherwise known as a BMPT, is an armoured fighting vehicle designed by Russian company Uralvagobzavod. The vehicle is designed to support tanks and other military vehicles in urban areas and was developed based on combat experience gained during the Soviet-Afghan War and the First Chechen War The Terminator boasts four anti-tank missile launchers, two 30mm cannons, two grenade launchers, and a machine gun. Along with this, it can fire a wide range of ammunition including high-explosive rounds. Due to its wide range of weapons, the Terminator can destroy all manner of targets, from tanks to helicopters and even low flying aircraft. The Terminator also has an automatic smoke grenade launcher, which can provide protection and camouflage against infrared weapons. The nickname Terminator was dubbed by the manufacturers, not by the Kremlin. DON'T MISSTurkey BLOCKS Sweden and Finland's effort to join NATO [REPORT]Now Ukraine MUST join NATO – fresh demands after Nordics sign up [INSIGHT]Putin's panic as Ukraine destroys 17 battalions in under 3 months [REPORT] The exact reason why they haven't been deployed until now is unclear, but the Kremlin is believed to be looking for ways to relieve its thinly spread army. Justin Crump, a veteran British army tank commander, said Russia is "quite proud" of the war vehicle. Mr Crump said: "This is a signature Russian piece of equipment. They've only got about nine of these. "It's nicknamed the Terminator - it's a tank support vehicle. It's designed to do the work of infantry in support of tanks. So it's a tank with a turret designed to suppress enemy infantry. "They haven't committed them yet to the fight. It's one of the things Russia is quite proud of - it's what they've been trying to export. "They are now bringing them in around Severodonetsk. I think this shows Russia's determination to assault that city sooner rather than later. "By capturing this area around Severodonetsk, that allows them to have declared a success in freeing Luhansk."