Bravo’s chaotic, seafaring reality show will soon be setting sail for its seventh charter, this time aboard the luxury yacht Home. Captain Sandy Yawn will once again be taking command when the show comes back, and Below Deck Med bosun Malia White has finally addressed the rumours of her return for season seven. Malia has confirmed she has no plans to return for Below Deck Med season seven, and insisted her departure has nothing to do with Hannah Ferrier’s firing. During the Below Deck spin-off’s fifth season, Malia informed Captain Sandy the chief stewardess had undeclared Valium and a CBD pen stashed in her quarters. Hannah clarified the Valium had been prescribed and CBD was legal where they were sailing, but the discovery nevertheless led to her dismissal from The Wellington. However, Malia has since claimed her exit from the series after three seasons has nothing to do with her row with Hannah or the subsequent backlash. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon “I didn't leave because of anything that happened,” she explained. “I don't have bad feelings towards any part of Below Deck or anything that's happened.” Although she admitted to getting “a lot of heat” for her role in Hannah’s departure, she revealed there were a number of other reasons leading to her decision to take a step back from the drama. These included the injuries she sustained from a scooter accident in 2021, as well as an oral exam she needed to prepare for. She first joined Below Deck Med in season two as a deckhand, before returning in season five to take on bosun duties. “It's just a good time for me to take a break and take a step back,” she has now told Showbiz Cheat Sheet after two concurrent seasons. “I don't hold any regrets or anxiety toward the show. It's just what's happened has happened and time to move on from it. Everyone's learned, and it's time to just kind of move on.” While she won’t be reuniting with Captain Sandy for season seven, she has left the door open for a possible return further down the line. DON'T MISS:NCIS’ Jimmy Palmer star pays tribute to co-star Katrina Law [COMMENT]Outlander’s Sophie Skelton on Brianna scene ‘pulled’ from series [INTERVIEW]Stranger Things season 4: Noah Schnapp teases Will Byers death [SPOILERS] Malia teased: “It's not that I might never come back to the show. I'm just not on the next season.” She may even consider popping up in another of Below Deck’s growing list of spin-offs, such as Sailing Yacht or Down Under. “When I saw that Down Under has all this diving and stuff, I was like, 'Hey, how come I'm not on Down Under?' I want to go to Australia and go diving,” she revealed. “So yeah, I'd definitely go there. And the captain is awesome. Captain Jason [Chambers].” “I met him when we were in Fort Lauderdale, we were both taking classes and we ran into each other and yeah, he just seems like an absolute gem.” Nearly a year after the choppy waters of season six, the seventh season of Below Deck Med has already shaken things up with new chef David White coming on board. There will also be several new crewmates joining the charter alongside Below Deck regular Courtney Veale, returning deckhand Mzi "Zee" Dempers and, of course, Captain Sandy taking the wheel. Below Deck Mediterranean airs on weeknights on E4.