Ukraine pipped the UK to first place in last night's Eurovision Song Contest in a moment of European solidarity and support for the country following the Russian invasion. Sam Ryder came second for the UK, the country's best result since 1998. However, while the winning country usually stages the next tournament, this remains up in the air due to the ongoing military conflict and devastation in Ukraine. Speaking to BBC Breakfast this morning, Vaughan Staples, a Eurovision superfan, said as second-place finishers, "it could absolutely be coming to us in the UK". A BBC reporter asked Mr Staples: "A lot of people are now wondering where Eurovision will take place next year. Is there a chance it could come to the UK?" The UK representative of the official Eurovision fan club responded: "You never know. It's unlikely that Ukraine would be able to host it at the moment, so there may be people put forward. "Certainly with our second place and our willingness then absolutely it could be coming to us." JUST IN: Eurovision 2022: Ukraine beats UK in nail-biting grand finale  He also called Ukraine's victory last night a moment of "joy and solidarity". In a statement on Saturday night, the Eurovision organisers, the EBU, said no decision had been made for the 2023 host. They said: "Obviously, there are unique challenges involved in hosting next year's competition. "However, as in any other year, we look forward to discussing all the requirements and responsibilities involved in hosting the competition with UA:PBC and all other stakeholders to ensure we have the most suitable setup for the 67th Eurovision Song Contest."   Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, however, urged the competition to come to Ukraine. Following his country's triumph, he said: "We will do our best to one day host the participants and guests of Eurovision in Ukrainian Mariupol. Free, peaceful, rebuilt!" British Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng today backed President Zelensky's desire to host Eurovision. He told Sky News this morning: "Eurovision should be hosted in Ukraine and that's what we hope to see." Ukraine's Kalush Orchestra won the competition thanks to the public vote, as they jumped to first place with 631 points. The UK had been in first place after the jury vote, with a huge 283 points. DON'T MISS: Putin mouthpiece justifies invasion of Warsaw in chilling threat [VIDEO]Harry's 'disloyalty' to Queen means Eugenie and Beatrice 'suffer' [INSIGHT]Calls for Cost of Living Minister overwhelmingly backed in poll [POLL]  The rap-folk band were given special permission to leave the war-torn country to compete last night. They ended their performance with an emotional plea about the seige of the Azovstal steelworks, where soldiers remain trapped. The band said: "Please help Ukraine, help Mariupol, help Azovstal right now." Yura Solodzhuk, the administrator of a Ukrainian Eurovision fan page, who was forced to flee his country, told the BBC it would "help attract the world's attention again". He added: "It's important to remind the world about us again and again, that Ukrainian music and culture exists."