Aldi has an award-winning baby range, consisting of nappies and wet wipes for little ones. While thousands of customers are happy with the product, recently, there have been many who have suggested the nappies’ quality has “changed” and took to social media groups to discuss. Alanna Erskine took to Aldi UK Shoppers Facebook group and asked: “Is anyone else finding that the nappies aren’t as absorbent as they used to be? “I’ve used Aldi nappies for 2.5 yrs now & had no issues, three times in the last 24hrs my wee one has leaked through.” The post gained a lot of comments from other parents who shared their experiences. Kiri Duffy said: “Yes same here, never had any problems for a year with my little one then all of a sudden they leak constantly, I’ve sized up and that seems to help a bit but still not as good as they used to be.” Deborah Harshorne wrote: “We've swapped to Tesco home brand pull ups, they last all night. “I’m disappointed in the change I've used Aldi nappies for 26 years for my own, childminding kids & grandkids.” Jade Johnston said: “Yep I've always used aldis but the last week my daughter is waking up soaked so went to tescos today hopefully there better.” READ MORE: Aldi announces delayed Specialbuys available this week Louise Steventon remarked: “Yes they have gone awful! We use asda little angels now, so much better.” Demi Reynolds explained: “I had no issues with aldi nappies but the bigger the size they just not as absorbing. “Also the side bits were the sticky bit is keeps coming off.” Laura Minss said: “I’ve had the same issue with my little boy too.” Violeta Viola agreed: “Yes leaking all the time, considering for a change.” Alanna addressed the replies with: “Thanks lovely peoples! I never had an issue up until now - I know a lot of people aren’t impressed with the new wipes so was wondering if they had changed the nappies too. Think I’ll give the Tesco ones a try.” DON'T MISS... Interior design tips: Paint pro on why you should 'avoid white' walls [EXCLUSIVE]Queen’s Platinum Jubilee pudding competition - final 5 desserts [NEWS]Jo Brand weight loss: Comedian on when she lost 3st 'in a few months' [PODCAST] When it comes to buying nappies, Aldi explained how leaks can be “prevented”. The website said: “As your baby starts to move their body shape changes and you may need to consider a smaller size to prevent leaks.” The supermarket also has a “handy size guide” for parents and guardians to ensure the right size nappy is chosen. Aldi also claims babies can “go longer between changes” because of the high-absorbency material in their nappies. “Mamia’s Ultra Dry Air System™ keeps your baby comfortable, dry and happy for up to 12 hours – handy if you’re out and about or trying to get them to sleep through,” the description reads. And there are several parents who love the mamia range. Kimberley Feeney said: “I Still swear by Aldi wipes and nappies my wee ones nine months and we have tried Asda Sainsbury's, Tesco, Morrisons and Lidl the only ones we find great are Aldi. Even the wipes aren't flimsy.” Katie Harrison agreed: “I love the Aldi premium nappies and their water wipes when on special buy!” Allidon Glassenbury compared mamia nappies to branded: “Mamia premium were just as good as pampers, never had a problem with them, they were perfect for us. Wish they went bigger in sizes as we’d continue using them.” Chloe Cooper wrote: “I have used Aldi’s nappy’s for both my girls they r fab, I wouldn’t use anything else .. I love them x” Aldi has not officially announced whether the quality of its nappies has changed. According to expertreviews.co.uk, Aldi mamia newborn are the best budget nappies on the market for 2022.