The Queen is celebrating her Platinum Jubilee this summer and royal fans will be throwing street parties all over the country. Samsung has partnered with etiquette expert William Hanson on mastering ‘street party etiquette’, as recent research revealed the ‘Top 10’ street party faux pas. William Hanson spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and gave his top tips for conducting a royal street party.  He elaborated on which member of the Royal Family would be the best to have at a street party, saying: “The Duchess of Cornwall, without a shadow of a doubt. “The Duchess of Cornwall is so good at being able to talk to anybody from any walk of life, whether she likes them or not. “She is fantastic at conversation, as she was raised in that era of having gone to finishing school that you could just talk. “It doesn't matter who you end up sitting next to at dinner, you find something in common with them.  READ MORE: Prince Charles and Camilla's Canada royal tour in pictures “She’s got a wicked sense of humour which always goes down well. “And she likes a drink, which always helps.” What should royal fans bring to a street party for the Platinum Jubilee? Mr Hanson explained: “People need to think practically e.g., where are you eating this food?  “Some street parties put tables down like a sit-down meal and then you get a knife and fork, and you can eat anything. “But some street parties are more standing up affairs, in which case you're not going to want a tough bit of beef, which although delicious, you cannot cut with a fork. “You will need softer foods like lasagna, moussaka, chilli con carne, i.e., anything you can eat with a fork whilst holding a plate.” Should fans bring a favourite dish of the Queen’s to celebrate the occasion? Mr Hanson added: “I think with this particular street party it would be churlish not to do something that we know is a favourite within the royal household, whether it's coronation chicken, which although not technically a favourite with the Queen, we know she has had it and has enjoyed it. It was created for the 1953 Coronation as we know.  “So whether that's coronation chicken sandwiches or coronation chicken with salad, that's a nice one to bring. “Chocolate biscuit cake, we know that’s the Queen's favourite cake and also very easy to produce in advance for a lot of people and to eat standing up or sitting down, so that would be good. “There is the new Platinum Jubilee pudding that they announced the other day, that's lemon Swiss roll and amaretti trifle, so that would be a good one to bring as a good crowd pleaser and quite big. “We know Her Majesty isn't that fond of seafood, so we wouldn't do seafood and anything like heavy curries, for example, as she's not fond of anything too heavily, curried or spicy.” The etiquette expert explained that the Samsung survey found people want good music at a street party.  But what music can royal fans play that would impress the Queen? Mr Hanson commented: “Something that I heard done for the Diamond Jubilee playlist was all the number ones from 1952 through to 2012, so you could extend that to 2022. I think that's a really nice touch. “You could play music that was very popular in the 1950s because we know that that was like us when we're young. That was the Queen's music. “I would either go all 1950s or number ones from 1952 onwards would probably be my suggestion.” 