 Some areas across the UK are looking to introduce restrictions to deal with the growing number of motorhomes and campervans clogging up busy seafronts. A number of coastal towns and cities have already adopted the proposals, which look to free up road space for other drivers and pedestrians.  One Express.co.uk reader, using the nickname jep, said: “In France you can park in normal car parks overnight. “They have strict time bands and as long as you move on early in the morning everything is fine. “Such a simple, effective scheme.” These motorhome “aire” facilities are becoming more popular in the UK after massive success in Europe. READ MORE: Driver solves mystery after receiving multiple unknown parking fines  It is estimated that there are over 11,500 Aires in Europe, with the Campaign for Real Aires (CAMpRA) being instrumental in setting up over 100 new facilities in the UK. At these sites, no camping behaviour is allowed, so common items like chairs, tables, awnings and barbecues are not allowed. They are normally open all year round, where the majority of campsites are closed between October and Easter. Most aires only charge a small fee for staying overnight, to maintain the facility and cover the running costs. DON'T MISSdriver fined £90 for charging EV in an empty car park [SHOCKING]Mum fined £130 for 'driving down the road' and missing road sign [INSIGHT]Major warning as councils look to ban motorhomes from popular areas [WARNING]  Another commenter also questioned why initiatives used in Europe could not be adapted for use in the UK. They said: “Just shows in this country it’s anti everything. Tax this, tax that. Ban this, ban that. “Instead of doing like the French do with affordable camping you wouldn’t have motorhome’s park everywhere “There’s nowhere to park other than on the road.”  A third Express.co.uk reader, Panama Jack, said: “Rip off UK has the worst facilities in Europe for motorhomes, and parking in general. “More enlightened EU neighbours welcome their fellow countrymen to their local bars and restaurants.” Similarly, another Express.co.uk reader highlighted the benefits of travelling in Europe. User slowho claimed: “There's more cars than motorhomes on the road, it's so unfair to target those who choose to visit.  “Every time it’s complaints about litter, of course car drivers never dump litter. Catch those who do it. “Choose to ban sleeping in them, what a farce, try proving it. “We pay our taxes to use the road and want the same privileges as other taxpayers and road users. “One thing in favour of Europe they set up to accommodate MH users. They make it work, charge reasonable prices and make a profit that goes to local businesses not overcharging and in the wrong place for campsite owners.” Another commenter, with the nickname Colonelblink, questioned whether the potential restrictions may affect how the vehicle is taxed. They said: “Will motorhome road tax reduce as they don’t have access to the whole road network?”