Wrexham owners Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney were left red-faced as they celebrated what they thought was an equaliser deep into stoppage time at the end of their FA Trophy defeat to Bromley at Wembley on Sunday. Dragons substitute Jake Hyde wheeled away to celebrate a strike in the 95th minute - but it was ruled out for offside. After the ball hit the back of the net, the BT Sport cameras zoomed in on Reynolds and McElhenney up in the Royal Box. And the duo were engaged in fervent celebrations as they hugged each other, shouted down onto the pitch and threw their arms about wildly. “They’re celebrating up in the Royal Box - they haven’t seen the flag yet,” exclaimed BT Sport commentator Dan Mason as the goal was chalked off. “Somebody needs to have a quick word. Somebody needs to explain the offside rule to the A Listers - an understandable mistake.” Hollywood superstars Reynolds and McElhenney completed their takeover of Wrexham in February 2021 as they were given a rapturous welcome to the Racecourse Ground. Their arrival in north Wales led to fan mania, with a staggering 5,200 season tickets being sold at the start of this campaign. READ MORE: Mahrez says Liverpool 'hate' Man City, plans to add misery on Reds  The club missed out on the National League title earlier this month after winning just three of their last seven games as Stockport were promoted as champions. And they will now attempt to enter the Football League through the play-offs. But they will have to do it off the back of Wembley disappointment. Supporters were in high spirits at the start of Sunday’s clash as 46,111 people descended on the national stadium to watch the showpiece event. And Wrexham fans gave an emotional rendition of the Welsh national anthem ahead of kick-off. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick's final three words as bossMan Utd star David de Gea fires shots at team-mates with transfer callTen Hag will have learned four things from Man Utd’s defeat to Palace     The match proved cagey in the opening period as the two teams found their feet, before eventually coming to life after the break. And Bromley’s winning goal came after 64 minutes as Michael Cheek was in the right place to turn the ball into the roof of the net after substitute Joe Partington had squared the ball to him. The result means the London side have won the FA Trophy for the first time in their 130-year history, while Wrexham will now turn their attentions to the play-offs. “You boys have given me one of the craziest years of my entire life,” Reynolds said on TikTok before Sunday’s disappointment. “Thank you for an incredible season - we are so proud of you,” added McElhenney.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 