Lynsey Crombie, also known as the Queen of Clean on Instagram, has shared another handy household hack for washing clothes. Lynsey, who is also a cleaning expert for ITV’s This Morning, suggested using salt to keep dark clothes “looking good for longer”. She posted a video of the hack on her Instagram account this morning. She said in the post: “Cleaning Tip Tuesday. “Do you ever add salt to your dark laundry? “Well, if you don’t, next time you have a dark load, in particular, dark jeans add a scoop of table salt to the drum before adding your laundry.” “Well, salt is a great inexpensive staple that most homes have and when added to dark laundry, it will help prevent colour fading. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ “Don’t forget to also wash dark garments inside out and use a cooler wash temperature too. “Simple tips like this will keep your clothes looking good for longer.” In Lynsey’s video, she popped a scoop of salt into the washing machine drum. The cleaning expert then made sure all her clothes were inside out. DON'T MISS‘Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh on what to do with ‘tatty’ daffodils after flowering [UPDATE]Interior designer shares home decor trends estate agents ‘dislike’ [ANALYSIS] She then put her dark laundry - including jeans - into the machine and put the machine on a cool setting. Lynsey’s post received almost 850 likes from fellow cleaning enthusiasts and a plethora of comments. One person asked whether they could use dishwasher salt rather than kitchen salt. Lynsey said to use kitchen salt because dishwasher salt is “different”. Other comments marvelled at how amazing the hack is while others vowed to try it. Instagram user @lifewiththeszoltyseks said: “Ooh I didn’t know this! Definitely going to try!” Another user known as @natalies_house_x commented: “Did not know that! “Will definitely be trying this next time I do a dark wash.” Instagram user @janehlovespink replied: “This is fab!  “I turned inside out, but will definitely try the salt tip! “We have a lot of black clothes in our house. Thanks.” Social media user @charli95419 wrote: “Do this all the time, it’s great.” Essential Waitrose table salt costs 55p. Saxa Table Salt Drum is £1.20 from Sainsbury’s. Cook With M&S Table Salt is 30p from Ocado. Saxa Table Salt costs £1.05 from Tesco.