With inflation at a 40-year high of seven percent, and the energy bills price cap having risen, many people are struggling to keep up with the cost of living. Energy regulator Ofgem this week proposed updating the price cap on energy bills every three months instead of twice a year to help households. Smart meters calculate how much energy someone is using while they use it. This may be able to help make budgeting easier as people can see how much they are spending as the month progresses. However Margaret Sherwood from Leeds wrote to the BBC's Rip Off Britain team saying her smart meter had not been updated since the prices went up. She was worried as she did not know how much she was using. Margaret explained that it is really important that she knows how much she using. She has cut down in all sorts of ways in an attempt to save some cash. She said she has only had the heating on 10 times since last winter. “It’s really vital she knows what she’s using,” presenter Angela Rippon emphasised. Consumer rights expert Martyn James explained why this may be happening to Margaret’s smart meter and many other people in the UK. He said: “This is a complaint I’m hearing quite a bit. “What’s happening is that the display on the smart meter isn’t showing the rise after the price cap which makes it hard to work out how much you’re actually paying. “That meter is the responsibility of the firm, they should be sorting things out. “There are big delays here and I’m really concerned here about Margaret because I’ve heard situations but she can actually apply to go on the priority services register and contact the energy company - that’s for older or more vulnerable people - and they will be able to prioritise her hopefully and get that meter sorted out. “You can buy monitors that work externally from the meters but they’re a bit pricey and you shouldn’t have to do that.” The energy price cap is currently reviewed twice a year, every six months, but Ofgem wants to change this so it is altered four times a year. The price cap jumped on April 1 from £1,277 to £1,971 a year for those on a default tariff who pay by direct debit. This marks an increase of almost £700 on top of the average energy bill. In addition to current April 1 and October 1 dates where the new price cap comes into effect each year, further changes could mean prices are also reviewed on January 1 and July 1. The plans being drawn up by Ofgem mean energy bills will rise and fall much faster than they currently do now. Last week, Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng announced the launch of an Ofgem investigation into claims that energy firms are ripping off customers through direct debits. Ofgem chief executive Jonathan Brearley, confirmed that certain firms are seen exercising “bad practices”, in order to ease cashflow problems, as they pass on the rising energy costs to consumers. Energy expert Anita Dougall explained that the energy industry is currently suffering from a “lack of data maturity”, which is a stumbling block for transparent and fair charges. According to the expert, this leaves energy firms without sufficient visibility over their customer's information as they set direct debits.