The top F1 teams have been handed a grave financial warning as the economic impact of the Ukraine war continues to escalate. Since the Russian invasion began on February 24, the Russian Grand Prix has been cancelled and will not be replaced, whilst Haas have axed driver Nikita Mazepin and cut ties with main sponsors, Uralkali. The situation has coincided with a brand new era of F1, and the introduction of stringent new regulations designed to make the sport more competitive. New rulings have included a reduction in the budget cap, which has led to complaints from the likes of Christian Horner amid rising travel and freight costs. It also means that teams will be restricted on the amount of work they can do on cars throughout the campaign. It's a notion that could make things difficult for the front-runners, with Ferrari and Red Bull currently battling it out at the top of the standings. Mercedes meanwhile, have endured a torrid start to the season, with the issue of 'porpoising' wreaking havoc on their campaign. The Silver Arrows are working frantically to solve the problem, holding a secret testing session in France this week. JUST IN: FIA president draws up future race director plans after Lewis Hamilton controversy And now Alpha-Tauri driver Pierre Gasly has warned that all teams, including his own, need to be careful: "We have things in the pipeline," he told F1-Only. "But it is the strategy of the team to see first if it is wise to spend your money now. The budget is not unlimited. "I was just talking about it with team manager Franz Tost. There is inflation, the cost of logistics because of the war. That was not taken into account last year when the team made their budget. There are quite a few teams that will have to stop the development of their car earlier than expected." DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton's FIA row 'ridiculous' as ex-racer who suffered dreadful burns speaks outMercedes copy Red Bull and Ferrari tweak as Toto Wolff prepares for 'last chance' in SpainCharles Leclerc set for major Ferrari boost in Max Verstappen title fight at Spanish GP It's a notion that could mean an intriguing finish to the season if the title race is close. Charles Leclerc currently leads Max Verstappen by 19 points in the standings, but both may have to tolerate vehicle problems towards the end of the season if there is little funding left. F1 isn't the only sport to be hit by sanctions on Russia. UEFA have cut gas company Gazprom as its Champions League sponsor, while Wimbledon are currently facing the threat of legal action after banning Russian and Belarusian players from the 2022 Championships. 