“This is your dad when he was good,” Rory McIlroy told his two-year-old daughter Poppy on the eve of the USPGA Championship as he surveyed a giant picture of himself with the Wanamaker Trophy back in 2014. News update. He is still good - good enough to put Tiger Woods and the rest of the field into the shade as he went on a first-round rampage on Thursday.   The thousands who had come to watch Woods ended up being treated to an exhibition by his playing partner as McIlroy opened the championship with a five-under-par 65 to take the clubhouse lead. It was a magnificent performance, fuelled by his cannonball driving, which made light of the challenge of Southern Hills and kicked his habit of stuttering starts to the big events in spectacular style. It was his best opening round in a Major for 11 years. “It was almost the complete package. I controlled it well all day. I was really pleased. It was nice to make a good start in a Major Championship for a change,” said McIlroy. “I've been playing well coming in here and I think when your game is feeling like that, it's just a matter of sticking to your game plan and staying in your own little world. I did that really well today. “I feel like this course lets you be pretty aggressive off the tee if you want to be so I hit quite a lot of drivers out there and took advantage of my length and finished that off with some nice iron play and some nice putting. “I’m going to have to keep doing that over the next three days if I’m going to have a chance to win.” McIlroy’s round was a continuation of his Major season from the Masters, where he surged through the field on Sunday with a closing 64 to finish runner-up. Starting on the tenth hole yesterday, he extracted seven birdies from his miserly surroudings, including a golden run of four in succession from the third. There were two bogeys as the wind rose on his back nine but a rousing finish with an 18ft birdie putt at the ninth which drew a clenched fist salute from McIlroy. Woods, who struggled badly with right leg, was nine shots worse off with the third member of the morning supergroup, Jordan Spieth, seven back from the Northern Irishman. Woods birdied the first but it was a grim grind afterwards with his bunker play ragged and even his famous ‘stinger’ off. There were seven bogeys in all. Southern Hills is what it says on the tin and the walk was a challenge. Woods moved gingerly, sometimes using his driver as a walking aid. “My leg is not feeling as good as I would like it to be,” said Woods afterwards. “Pressing off it hurts, walking hurts and twisting hurts. It's just golf - I don't play that, then I'm all right.”