Prince Harry would often stand beside his stepmother, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, when attending royal events. They were very professional, and no animosity seemed to be obvious between the royal pair. However, there are worries Harry’s upcoming memoir could open up more about their complicated relationship as stepmother and stepson.  Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the pair’s body language in older photographs. She claimed: “The words ‘emotional maturity’ have rarely been used to describe Harry but his attitude towards and his body language with Camilla has shown high levels of just that quality over the years. “Both William and Harry have been borderline impeccable when it has come to signals of polite affection and acceptance of their father’s second wife when they are together in public,” the expert noted. What has Harry said about Camilla?  READ MORE: Sussexes face US backlash as 'Californians have no idea who they are' Judi explained: “Harry has written warmly about her too, despite the fact that it would be totally natural if some ongoing animosity or resentment existed and still exists. “The suggestion seems to be that her ability to make their father happy made them happy too. “But what happens when rifts start to show between father and son, as they have since Harry moved to the UK?” Judi asked. She explained: “In the US Harry has no royal pressure to sustain any masking given the rifts between both his father and his brother.  “His claim at Invictus that he now feels his mother’s presence even more closely than before could easily have made him more reflective about Camilla’s role in his life. “There had also previously been quotes about Camilla not trying to take his mother’s place. “But now she has been announced as the next Queen of the UK, all bets could be off in terms of his emotions towards her,” Judi claimed. Was Harry always just being “polite” with his stepmother for the cameras?  Judi said: “Early photos of the pair together suggest high levels of effort to perform polite body language signals from Harry. “His smiles project a suggestion of fondness. But his poses lack the kind of relaxed and synchronised traits that you could see between him and Kate. “With Kate, we can see a very playful version of Harry, with lots of eye and face-checking signals to suggest he loved to get and retain her attention. “With Camilla, his body language tended to be more formal, often with his hands in front of his torso or clasped behind his back, with none of the mirrorings we would see when he was with William or Kate. “His torso is often front-facing and although he turns his head politely and attentively there is rarely a sign of bending or more face-to-face encounters.  “His smiles look congruent though. Although these are the days when Harry’s wide, ‘naughty’ grin was an almost permanent feature,” Judi claimed. How did Harry’s body language with Camilla compare to William’s body language with the Duchess? Judi commented: “Harry did sometimes seem to find it easier to adopt an appearance of relaxation in Camilla’s company than William. “Sitting flanking Camilla and Charles at one appearance we can see William sitting with his legs crossed away from Camilla in a slightly awkward gesture of distancing. “Meanwhile Harry sits splayed and laughing next to his father.” 