The announcement came as the Foreign Secretary launched the Government's International Development Strategy outlining how the UK would delegate funding in the future. The 32-page document included a pledge to once again increase funding in the coming years. Foreign aid was cut by the Treasury by 0.7 percent to 0.5 percent during the pandemic - much to the delight of campaigners. A vote in Parliament last autumn confirmed the budget would increase once the UK was no longer borrowing to finance day-to-day spending and when underlying debt starts falling. Today, outlining the Government's vision for the future development strategy, Ms Truss once again confirmed the commitment. The new strategy says: "The UK Government remains committed to the International Development (Official Development Assistance Target) Act 2015 and to spending 0.7 percent of gross national income (GNI) on ODA once the fiscal situation allows. READ MORE: UK aid to India questioned after refusal to condemn Russia  "The Government will continue to monitor future forecasts closely and, each year over the period, will review and confirm, in accordance with the Act, whether a return to spending 0.7 percent of GNI on ODA is possible against the latest fiscal forecast. "A return to 0.7 percent will allow us to scale up critical elements of our new strategy, including on climate and nature, as well as our ability to invest in countries." Britain still spends £10billion a year on aid, despite having reduced the budget 18 months ago. While the current funding level means the UK remains one of the biggest international aid contributors in the world, Labour MPs and Tory rebels were left furious at the cut announced during the pandemic. In a speech to the annual Progressive Britain conference yesterday, shadow foreign secretary David Lammy said: "Under the Conservatives, Britain has stepped back from its former leadership, cutting billions in aid and mismanaging the merger of our development and foreign office, leaving them less than the sum of their parts." He added: "A Labour government would restore the 0.7 percent aid target, because while Ukraine needs all the support we can give it – it would be foolish to ignore other conflicts around the world, storing up problems for the future and ignoring mass loss of life. "Restoring 0.7 percent will give the Foreign Office the flexibility it needs to step up. "Now is the time to rebuild our soft power and be a beacon for our values around the world." Former Conservative cabinet minister David Davis last year described the cuts as "a morally poor position". DON'T MISS:Brits struggle to make ends meet we STILL send aid, says MATT VICKERS [COMMENT]MPs urge Boris to use billions cut from foreign aid budget [REACTION]MP quizzed why UK won't cut foreign aid to stop National Insurance [WATCH]  While no formal deadline has been put on the return to the 0.7 percent spending, the Government is understood to be preparing for it to hit its criteria to ramp up spending from 2024. Following the release of today's development plan, Ms Truss said: "The new strategy, launched today, will ensure that our international development work brings benefit across the globe and here at home. "Our strategy will deepen economic, security and development ties globally, while delivering jobs and growth in both the UK and partner countries." She added: "In an increasingly geopolitical world, we must use development as a key part of our foreign policy.  "Malign actors treat economics and development as a means of control, using patronage, investment and debt as a form of economic coercion and political power. "We won’t mirror their malign tactics, but we will match them in our resolve to provide an alternative." Ms Truss added that the strategy would "challenge dependency on malign actors, offering choice and bringing more countries into the orbit of free-market economies". As well as delivering "honest, reliable investment" and creating new trade partners for Britain, the strategy focuses on support for tackling climate change and global health, providing humanitarian aid and empowering women and girls - a key priority for Ms Truss. 