18-year-old Salvador Ramos has been named as the gunman responsible for the massacre in Uvalde, Texas. In total 23 people died in the incident - 19 children, two teachers, the shooter's grandmother and Ramos himself, who was finally taken into custody before being gunned down. Now new footage shared on social media appears to show the killer as he skulked around the school. Posted by resident Elsa G Ruiz, the video shows a man of similar appearance to the suspect, dressed in dark clothing with medium long hair. He is carrying what is believed to be a weapon and walking into a building. Ramos reportedly shot his grandmother before driving to Robb Elementary school. There law enforcement officials saw him after he crashed his car and emerged wearing body armour and carrying a rifle and a handgun. The officers “engaged” Ramos, according to reports, exchanging fire, but he was able to get into the school and barricade himself in. He was later shot dead in a stand-off with Texas officials. University Health in San Antonio said it had two patients from the incident - a 66-year-old woman and a 10-year-old-girl - both lay in critical condition. Another 10-year-old girl is listed in good condition and a 9-year-old girl is in fair condition. A statement from the hospital said: "We don't have a condition to release at this time.” Texas State Senator Roland Gutierrez, speaking to CNN, said that Ramos, who was from North Dakota and moved to Uvalde, purchased the two weapons used in the attack on his 18th birthday from a dealer in the Uvalde area. Ramos has been described as "unfriendly" by his classmates, who also detailed hints of a violent temperament. Speaking with the Washington Post, high school classmate Nadia Reyes said: "He posted videos on his Instagram where the cops were there and he’d call his mom a b***h and say she wanted to kick him out. He’d be screaming and talking to his mom really aggressively." READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams 'horrific' Texas shooting as 19 children dead [REVEAL] A former classmate of the shooter, who did not want to be identified, said that he was fairly “close” to Ramos and played Xbox with him. He claimed that Ramos was bullied at school due to the clothes that he wore, adding this led to him missing classes. The classmate told CNN: “He would, like, not go to school ... and he just, like, slowly dropped out. He barely came to school.” A manager at Wendy’s, Adrian Mendes, told The New York Times that he “went out of the way to keep by himself” and suggested he wasn’t friendly. Pointing at two workers they told the paper: “You know how my guys talk to each other and are friendly? He wasn’t like that. No one really knew him.” Speaking on national television, Joe Biden said: "As a nation, we have to ask, 'When in God's name are we going to stand up to the gun lobby?'" He added: "How many scores of little children who witnessed what happened - see their friends die, as if they're in a battlefield, for God's sake. "They'll live with it the rest of their lives. The school has since been evacuated and there is a heavy law enforcement presence in the area.