The upcoming local elections will ask Britons to pick out a new cohort of councillors to handle the day-to-day running of their communities. Although the races take place on a smaller scale, they come at a tricky time for some of the UK's national figures. Many Britons will want to express their opinion of Boris Johnson and his Government at the ballot box this week. Voting caries across the home nations conducting elections this week, with England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland all taking part, but they all run on similar registration deadlines. Regardless of the country, these deadlines have now passed for the May 5 ballot. But people can still register for future elections provided they meet the criteria in their country. READ MORE: Starmer left flustered as he's hit with new attacks Can you vote online in the local elections? Voting online is allowed in some nations, especially for those settled elsewhere, but the UK is not among them. While people can register to vote online, security concerns have meant that ministers are unwilling to extend this to the ballot itself. The Government's website discloses three ways Britons are allowed to vote in UK elections, both locally and abroad. In the UK, people can only vote in the following ways: The default voting method is in person, and anyone hoping to alter their arrangements will need to clear it with the Electoral Commission first. Most of those who successfully sign up for the local elections will vote in person at local ballot boxes. Registered people will receive a polling card in the post informing people where their nearest polling station is. While they don't need the card to post their vote, the station disclosed is the only one at which they can vote. Polling stations are open for 15 hours across the country, from 7am to 10pm. The timing should allow anyone to vote, regardless of when they start work for the day. Due to the remaining Covid risk, in-person voters will need to bring their own pen or pencil and wear a face covering. Anyone who contracts Covid on polling day or is otherwise unable to attend the station can apply for an emergency proxy vote until 5pm on May 5.