Limescale build-up is a common nuisance in homes and can be found wherever water is regularly used, including taps, shower heads, kettles and toilets. It is one of the most frustrating cleaning challenges in the home and can build up quickly before homeowners even have a chance to notice. It is not a hazardous substance, but it can look unpleasant. It can also interfere with the performance of your taps pipes and shower heads, leading to blockages and reduced water pressure over time. Limescale is caused by diluted minerals, such as magnesium and calcium carbonate, which crystallise and form limescale on surfaces. The cleaning experts at Taps UK have shared how easy it is to spot limescale and how to resolve the issue. They said: “The limescale content of water can be seen when dry by its white, chalky appearance and will generally form a crusty layer around the spout outlet or diffuser/aerator, the base of the spout and the body of the tap. “It will also gather internally on the ceramic cartridge/valve, reducing the life of it over a period of time. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls “The most simple solutions to remove limescale marks and deposits from taps are home remedies, which are also better for the environment. “Although there are store bought products available, home remedies are kinder and more cost effective.” One of the first ways the experts suggested removing limescale from taps was by using white vinegar. Areas of limescale on your tap can be cleaned with a solution of equal parts white vinegar and warm water. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Highly effective’ method to get rid of moths in homes [COMMENT]Gardeners warned to avoid planting tenders until the end of May [EXPERT]Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly [TIPS] The cleaning pros said: “Depending on how stubborn the limescale is, you may only need to wipe the tap over with the solution or you may need to lay a cloth to soak on it for a few hours. “Either way make sure you wipe the tap after with a clean, damp cloth and dry it fully.” However, it is worth noting that white vinegar is not suitable to use on chrome or gold plated taps. A combination of baking soda and lemon juice was also suggested to remove limescale from taps. Simply mix baking soda and lemon juice to make a thick paste and gently rub onto areas of limescale. As with the white vinegar, depending on how stubborn the limescale is, the paste may need to be left for a short while to break down the limescale deposits, according to experts. Wipe away the paste and clean the tap with a soft, damp cloth and thoroughly dry it afterwards. If homeowners do not have baking soda to hand they can always use lemon juice on its own. The cleaning gurus explained: “It is common knowledge that the longer the limescale has been allowed to collect, the more time this will take to remove. “For very stubborn or thicker limescale deposits use lemon juice to soak affected areas overnight. “For tricky spots such as the end of the spout or aerator place the lemon juice in a small plastic bag or cap and secure it around the spout with an elastic band or string, an old toothbrush may be helpful for tight areas like the base of the tap. “Again you will need to thoroughly clean the areas with a soft, damp cloth afterwards and thoroughly dry them.” This is a great way to use up an old lemon or one you might have already used in cooking. Make sure to avoid scraping or picking at the limescale as this will cause damage to the finish or surface of the tap.