John Everard, a former UK ambassador to Belarus, has dismissed claims in the Russian media that they could wipe out the UK and Ireland with a nuclear attack. A Russian news programme simulated a nuclear attack off the coast of Donegal that it was said would wipe out Ireland and turn it into a “radioactive desert.” Kremlin-allied host, Dmitry Kiselyov, said on his Russian state TV show earlier this month: “Why threaten horizonless Russia with nuclear weapons when you sit on a small island?” He was referring to the UK, which he also branded the "sinkable island". Kiselyov added: “Just one launch, Boris, and England is gone. Once and for all. Why play with us?” The man known as "Putin's mouthpiece" threatened the UK with a Poseidon underwater nuclear bomb that would "drown" an island the size of Texas. He claimed a single bomb would trigger a 1,600ft (500m) radioactive tidal wave "plunging Britain to the ocean's depths". But Mr Everard has challenged these claims, saying Moscow does not possess a weapon capable of such an attack. He told RTE earlier this month: "The Russians do not have this weapon. I'll say that again they do not have this weapon.  "I think that everyone can sleep quite calmly in their beds tonight. Not afraid that they're going to wake up dripping wet with radioactive seawater." He went on to criticise Russian propaganda saying: “it's part of a pattern of really nasty Russian threats against most of the civilised world and not just the UK and Ireland. "I think this shows a deep, deep Russian frustration with the humiliation that they're suffering in Ukraine...and by a country much, much smaller than it is and frankly being made look completely ridiculous." Mr Everard added that Russia is throwing a "tantrum" in frustration at the country's lack of success in Ukraine. He continued: "Threatening to obliterate anybody is unacceptable. “But Russia at the moment is in the grip of a kind of national tantrum of frustration and rage at its failure to overrun Ukraine.  READ MORE: Finland takes pop at UN as she rages at 'power of veto' abuse "And I think there are big questions over how far we indulged this by, as it were, dignifying these outbursts with a sensible response.” While Russian media continues to wax lyrical about its nuclear weapons, NATO General Secretary Jens Stoltenberg warned in March that Moscow could not defeat NATO in a nuclear war. He said: "Russia must understand that it can never win a nuclear war. "NATO is not part of the conflict ... it provides support to Ukraine but isn't part of the conflict. "NATO will not send the troops into Ukraine... It is extremely important to provide support to Ukraine and we are stepping up. "But at the same time it is also extremely important to prevent this conflict becoming a full-fledged war between NATO and Russia." DON'T MISS ‘We’re not dumb!’ Ukraine fury as Biden delays military aid to Kyiv Boris warns Putin that Sweden can 'request' UK nuclear support Putin's ally Belarus amasses troops on Ukraine border The UK and Ireland are not the only countries to be threatened with military firepower. Russian foreign affairs spokesperson Maria Zakharova warned recently that Finland and Sweden could face "military consequences" if they try to join NATO. She said: “Obviously, the accession of Finland and Sweden to NATO, which is primarily a military alliance as you well understand, would have serious military and political consequences, which would require our country to make response steps.” This week, Boris Johnson is visiting Finland and Sweden to discuss closer defence ties. Setting out the UK’s position ahead of Mr Johnson’s visit, the Prime Minister’s official spokesperson said: “We support countries’ democratic capability to decide on things like NATO membership. “We understand the positions of Sweden and Finland and that is why the Prime Minister is going to discuss these broader security issues.” 