Erik ten Hag was watching from the stands as Manchester United lost to Crystal Palace on Sunday. It was another dire performance from the Red Devils who, despite having their new manager in the stands, produced another woeful display under Ralf Rangnick. So Express Sport will now take a look at four things the Dutchman will have learned from the process. It was obvious, even before United’s match with Palace, that a revolution is needed at Old Trafford. Many of the current crop aren’t good enough and, therefore, Ten Hag will need heavy backing if he’s to wave his magic wand and get the team going in the right direction against. United’s back four is arguably too weak. Diogo Dalot, Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Alex Telles simply aren’t up to scratch. In midfield, Fred, Scott McTominay and Bruno Fernandes were all lacklustre. And, up top, Edinson Cavani was anonymous. Wholesale changes are required at just about every level. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Linked to the point about needing to spend, many need to go. Ten Hag was shaking his head at Telles over the course of the game and the former Porto star is one of the players who isn’t up to scratch. The jury is out on Dalot, Lindelof has been inconsistent for far too long and McTominay is offering precious little. United need to get the deadwood out. Because if these players are picked regularly next term, then more shambolic performances are likely to follow. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United sprung a surprise before the contest by choosing to pick Hannibal Mejbri. The Tunisia international had been demoted previously for a chaotic cameo in the 4-0 defeat to Liverpool, where he spent more time kicking opponents than doing anything else. But it’s clear based on this showing that Hannibal is a player worth keeping for the future. The 19-year-old was bright during the game at Selhurst and didn’t really deserve to be substituted around the hour mark. With Ten Hag liking young players, it’s definitely easy to see Hannibal having a big role under the Dutchman. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz One thing that’s striking about United is just how disjointed they are. This is a team with no harmony whatsoever, with players looking lost at Selhurst Park. United need to come together. They need to be exactly that - united. That, out of all the things Ten Hag needs to do, is arguably the most pressing. The Red Devils were always a compact, tight unit under Sir Alex Ferguson. That was a bedrock for their success - and something that certainly needs restoring. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here