Sir Keir Starmer has been called on to make a formal apology to Boris Johnson over his criticism of the Prime Minister for Partygate. Jeremy Vine spoke with Alexandra from Somerset who called for Sir Keir to take a "hard look in the mirror of hypocrisy." It comes after the Labour Party leader was forced to confront pressure to resign after police announced an investigation into him for a potential breach of lockdown rules in April 2021. Alexandra rang up Jeremy Vine to say: "I do want [Sir Keir Starmer] investigated purely because it's hypocritical to not do so. "Obviously we can't see the police being politically biased so he needs to be investigated." She added: "It's ridiculous, I don't really want him to resign. I mean, if he does fair play but [Labour Deputy leader] Angela Rayner has to go as well. "But I don't want him to resign, he can stay where he is." Alexandra continued: "I just want him to take a big hard look in the mirror of hypocrisy and I would like him to also make a formal apology in the House of Commons to the Prime Minister." "Blimey!, I mean, that would be absolutely humiliating," said Vine. The Channel 5 host added: "But the thing is Alexandra it's a bit like if he says no one who wears a toupee is suitable to be Prime Minister and then someone says you're wearing one, and he says yes, I am. "At that point, he can't be Prime Minister can he, it is as simple as that." It comes as Starmer made a speech at the Labour Party's headquarters in London in which the Labour leader defend his attendance at the curry and beer gathering in Durham last year. Starmer pledged to do "the right thing and step down" and resign as leader of his party if police issued a penalty fine for breach of coronavirus laws. "I believe in honour, integrity and the principle that those who make the laws must follow them and I believe that politicians who undermine that principle, undermine trust in politics, undermine our democracy and undermine Britain," he told reports "I'm absolutely clear that no laws were broken, they were followed at all times, I simply had something to eat while working late in the evening as any politician would do days before an election. DON'T MISS:Leicester branded the 'Wild West of modern slavery' [REVEAL]'A sick sense of priorities!' BBC outrage at staggering new £50M costs [REACT]'Beergate' spells the end for Starmer's image of honesty - COMMENT [INSIGHT] "But if the police decide to issue me with a fixed-penalty notice I would, of course, do the right thing and step down." On Friday, Durham Constabulary said they had reversed an earlier decision on the case that no offence had been committed, after receiving "significant new information". In January, Sir Keir called on the Prime Minister to "do the decent thing and resign" after Mr Johnson became the focus of the Partygate lockdown breach row. Mr Johnson, his wife Carrie Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak also received penalty fines after being found to have been in breach of Covid laws in April over staff parties in Downing Street and Whitehall. 