Manchester United’s pursuit of Frenkie de Jong has taken another twist. The Barcelona star is one of Erik ten Hag’s top targets as the Dutchman seeks to make his mark at Old Trafford. And the fact the 25-year-old is apparently ‘impressed’ by how much they want him bodes well for the Red Devils when it comes to striking a summer transfer deal. Manchester United want a world-class midfielder at a time where Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic are likely to leave. And that’s why they’ve set their sights on De Jong, who previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax. While Barcelona have regularly insisted the 25-year-old has a bright future at the Nou Camp, their financial situation means they could be forced to sell. The Catalan titans want to add the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Andreas Christensen, Marcos Alonso, Cesar Azpilicueta and Franck Kessie to their squad. However, in order to do that, they need to free up space in the squad. That’s exactly why United are looking at landing De Jong this summer and, now, they’ve got a positive signal from the player. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings According to the Daily Star, De Jong is ‘impressed’ by how much the club want him and their refusal to take ‘no’ for an answer. That news comes after it was revealed United were prepared to make him one of their best-paid players on wages of £395,000-a-week. To put that into perspective, only Cristiano Ronaldo earns more. And if De Jong does move to Old Trafford this summer, he’ll move ahead of the likes of David De Gea, Raphael Varane and Jadon Sancho in the wage table. United have, so far, found their mission of landing De Jong tricky. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Barcelona are adamant they’ll only cash in for a substantial fee, with figures close to £70million being mooted. Yet United now appear to be making some progress. And history suggests they’ll land a marquee name this summer to make up for the fact they’ve got no Champions League football to offer. In 2014, after finishing seventh under David Moyes, they made a statement signing in the form of Angel Di Maria. The Argentina international had been a huge figure for Real Madrid but was allowed to leave following the arrival of James Rodriguez from Monaco. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Two years later, after United ended up fifth in the table under Louis van Gaal, they again spent big. And it was Paul Pogba who joined that year, with the France international returning from Juventus four years after he’d quit Old Trafford. In 2019, United finished sixth. Yet that didn’t prevent them from spending £80m on Harry Maguire, 12 months after Jose Mourinho had been denied the signing of the England international. Now, De Jong could move to Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But there’s still plenty of work to be done when it comes to reuniting the midfielder with Ten Hag, his old Ajax boss. Xavi, meanwhile, has admitted he wants De Jong to stay at Barcelona. Yet he’s also hinted they could be forced to sell by admitting they’ll have to see what the ‘situation’ is like with the midfielder this summer. “For me, he is a great player,” said the Spaniard, who will be eyeing the La Liga title next season. “I think he can be part of an important era of the club. “We’ll see what the situation is, but I like Frenkie.”