The Duchess of Cambridge, born under the star sign Capricorn, has an engagement ring featuring a 12-carat oval blue sapphire surrounded by 14 solitaire diamonds. The engagement ring is beautiful, but according to the zodiac, it doesn't match the Duchess of Cambridge's personality. Experts at DC Jewellery recently discovered the best and most suitable engagement rings for each star sign. The research was based on the month’s ideal colours, cuts and what each gemstone represents. According to the astrologists, the Duchess of Cambridge has been wearing the wrong gemstone. READ MORE: Prince George is 'shy' and shows 'no signs of enjoying status yet' Experts at DC Jewellery explained the most suitable gemstone for a Capricorn is the garnet, or also known as grenade, "a semi-precious gemstone". They explained: "Garnets come in many different colours, but an ambitious, headstrong Capricorn should opt for a beautiful red garnet oval diamond ring, with a stunning diamond floral halo." Astrology site Tiny Rituals agreed: "The Capricorn birthstone is the garnet. The garnet is a precious red gemstone. Garnet’s meaning is commitment and creativity."  Tiny Rituals explained: "Just like all the gloriously grounded earth signs, Capricorns are far from capricious creatures, preferring instead to stay stoic and self-reliant as they journey through this world. "With the ruling planet of Saturn named after the God of wealth and agriculture, it’s no surprise that Capricorns are a thoroughly ambitious bunch. "They believe in hard work, getting the job done, and thinking big when it comes to prosperity. "Because of all these traits, they are considered to be the persistent realist and this makes them good in positions of management." Horoscope.com said Capricorns are “smart, hardworking, and fully in control of their destiny". "A Capricorn will always get what they set their mind to, in both personal and professional life - no excuses,” it stated. In terms of colour, horoscope site Astroved explained: "As the ruling planet for the zodiac sign is Saturn, black and indigo are considered the lucky colours for Capricornians." Other dark colours like forest green, which the Duchess of Cambridge is often seen wearing, is also considered one of Capricorns' best matches. According to DC Jewellery, sapphires - the gemstone the Duchess of Cambridge wears - are actually made for Virgos. The experts explained: "Definitely one of the most famous – if not the most famous – gemstones in the world: the sapphire. "The humble Virgo should opt for a beautiful sapphire diamond ring in a timeless white gold to encapsulate everything that a Virgo stands for."