Manchester City are facing off against Aston Villa in the final day of the Premier League season. The big EPL game kicks-off at 4pm, with coverage beginning at 2.30pm on Sky Sports who are broadcasting the game exclusively live. You can find the best deals on Sky Sports below... City go into today's fixture against Villa one point ahead of second place Liverpool, knowing a win at the Etihad will secure them the Premier League title. However, if Pep Guardiola's men draw or lose, and Liverpool win then the title will go to Jurgen Klopp's quadruple chasing side. And Manchester City side are facing a Villa side with plenty of Liverpool links. Anfield legend Steven Gerrard is in the dugout for the Birmingham side, while Philippe Coutinho - who plays for Villa - made his name at Liverpool before making a mega-money move to Barcelona, and later being loaned out to various sides.  You can tune in and watch coverage of Manchester City vs Aston Villa on Sky Sports Main Event from 2.30pm, with kick-off at 4pm. If you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that drops that price to £20 a month. This can be paired with the standard Sky TV bundle, which unlocks access to exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription. If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box. Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month usually costs £33.99 while a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports will typically cost a one-off payment of £11.98 with NOW. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below... 