Last night's charming, vivid BBC One documentary, Elizabeth: The Unseen Queen, based on Her Majesty's own words and images from her private collection, will go down in history as the most intimate portrait of her that has been broadcast. What made it so compelling was that for the first time we were able to see the real monarch behind the legend, unfiltered by the second-hand opinions of courtiers and commentators. Throughout, she came across as a woman of deep sensitivity and wisdom, with profound faith in heart, an abiding sense of compassion for humanity, and a powerful spirit of optimism about the future.  No one watching this film could fail to understand why she has been such a success as our sovereign during her 70-year reign. She revealed, in profound philosophical reflections, a sense of balance combined with a commitment to duty, which she clearly inherited from her father, George VI. But we also gained an insight into her powerful love of family, as she demonstrated, particularly in footage from pre-war holidays at Balmoral, how much being with her parents and her late sister Margaret meant to her.  Indeed, some of the most poignant images and memories came from her childhood, such as playing with her dogs, pushing a pram or indulging in a silly dance. The easy happiness of her early years was all too obvious, as was the devotion of her father and mother. Nor, for all her natural authority, was she a solemn child. But as her narrative - which was accompanied by beautifully appropriate background music - demonstrated, the war clouds were gathering because of "horrid" Mr Hitler, to use her own phrase. From her letters, we hear her expressing her sorrow at the death of her uncle, the Duke of Kent, and her anxiety over the heavy bombing of Buckingham Palace. Yet courage won through. Evil was conquered and, on "one of the happiest nights of my life", she joined the throng in central London to celebrate VE Day in May 1945.   There were many other uplifting moments, especially her marriage to Prince Philip, countered by sorrows such as the death of her father in 1952, the event that brought her to the throne. In all, this was a truly extraordinary programme, which will only deepen our admiration for the Queen. It was the perfect way to start this Platinum Jubilee week. 