Former Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has told the Gunners that they made a mistake in sacking his replacement Unai Emery after the Spaniard came close to leading Villarreal to an unlikely Champions League final. The Yellow Submarine had already scalped Juventus and Bayern Munich in the knockout rounds before a tie against English giants Liverpool awaited. The Spanish outfit lost 2-0 in the first leg at Anfield, although they clawed that back inside 45 minutes at El Madrigal on Tuesday evening. A series of howlers from goalkeeper Geronimo Rulli saw the Reds score three in the second half to progress and leave fans of the La Liga side gutted. But Wenger saw enough in Villarreal's performance and run for the trophy to conclude that Arsenal sacking Emery in 2019 was a mistake. "They didn't give him enough time, but there is a lot to talk about," Wenger told beIN Sports. "For example, is it right that a team who is not successful in the group stages can play in the Europa League. READ MORE: Virgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback "For the last 10 years, the teams who are not successful in the Champions League go on to win the UEFA Cup. So, he has transformed a non-successful team into a successful one with Sevilla. "It was more to give an importance to the trophy than to the sporting integrity. I think Unai Emery is a great coach, he has shown it in Spain and he is constantly at the top level." Villarreal only qualified for the Champions League after beating Manchester United in last season's Europa League final. It was the fourth time that Emery has won the trophy, having enjoyed a treble of triumphs with Sevilla from 2014 to 2016, and he was unlucky not to win it with Arsenal in 2018-19 before losing to Chelsea in the final. And Emery is hungry for success after the agonising loss.  DON'T MISSLiverpool striker Divock Origi's AC Milan transfer placed on hold due to takeover talksLiverpool ratings: Luis Diaz gets 9 as Villarreal win seals Champions League final spotVirgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback "When you have lost the moment is sad for everybody. We can't be happy because of the way we were doing good matches, good battles against Juventus, Bayern Munich and then some excellence against Liverpool," he said. "They deserve to play in the final. First half tonight we showed everybody we are a good team as well and we can have chances too. But the difference in two matches was with them."