Manchester United are considering using Ethan Laird as part of a swap deal to sign Max Aarons from Norwich City, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is eager to land a new right-back this summer. And that would likely pave the way for Aaron Wan-Bissaka to leave the club. Manchester United have spent big on right-backs in recent years. They paid £18million to bring in Diogo Dalot from Porto back in the summer transfer window of 2018, when Jose Mourinho was manager. And, the following year, United then paid £50m to Crystal Palace in order to bring in Wan-Bissaka to kickstart Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s reign. Both players have failed to live up to expectations, however, which is why Ten Hag is looking for an upgrade this summer. And Football League World claim United are considering a swap deal that would see Laird and Aarons swap teams. Aarons was a shining light for Norwich last term, despite the Canaries succumbing to relegation from the Premier League. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Norwich are said to be ‘bracing’ themselves that the 22-year-old will leave Carrow Road, especially given they’ll be playing in the Championship next season. And they’re eager to bring in Laird, who did well in the Championship this term with Swansea and Bournemouth. With United having so many other areas of their squad in need of improving, a swap deal would be a canny tactic to use. Laird’s move, apparently, would only be a loan to Norwich. But it would certainly be a way of convincing the Canaries to talk about their prized asset, who has previously been slapped with a £25million price tag. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United and Norwich previously negotiated a loan deal for Brandon Williams 12 months ago. Yet the full-back isn’t expected to move to Norfolk permanently, with the defender eager to return to United and prove his worth to Ten Hag. The Red Devils are expected to keep Dalot for another year, at least. But they’re open to getting rid of Wan-Bissaka, just three years into his time at Old Trafford. Crystal Palace are open to taking the 24-year-old back to Selhurst Park on loan. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Atletico Madrid have been linked, too, with the La Liga giants yet to replace Kieran Trippier following his move to Newcastle in January. Meanwhile, regarding Aarons, former United star Rio Ferdinand has called on his old side to get a transfer done. “Someone like Max Aarons, you could put him in like a Chris Smalling-type signing where they come in and they have an impact,” he said. “They may not be straight starters immediately but they go and they stay there for 10 years and have a really good career and they impact the club at different levels.” Ferdinand also opened up on links to Jurrien Timber, too. And he said of the Ajax star: “I think the way Ten Hag’s playing, looking at it, it’s like, ‘We’re going to be the team that’s the aggressor, we’re going to be the team that dictates and dominates the games.’ Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “So he’s looking to play on the halfway line. “He isn’t looking to play in a deep block, so he’s not thinking about [Timber’s height]. “One thing he’ll have to think about is the physical element in the Premier League is very different to what he’s seen in Holland. “So defending crosses, you could be 5ft10. “We saw Patrice Evra, he was one of the best headers of the ball when we were doing defensive set-pieces – and he was a threat in the opposing box as well. “So it can be done but whether he’s that guy, time will tell.”