Bella came into the care of Woodgreen’s Cambridgeshire centre in April 2021. But more than a year later, the six-year-old Lurcher is still waiting to be picked by adopters and is now one of the animal charity's longest-staying residents. Bella was very nervous when she arrived and staff have been working to help build up her confidence. Natalie Powdrill-Wells, from Woodgreen, said: “We are appealing to anyone who could offer a home to a dog who is most in need, like Bella. "It won’t always be easy and there will be challenges along the way, but the rewards will be immense. “You’ll have to love them as they are, quirks and all, and recognise that they may never be the perfect all-round dog who can happily interact with strangers and other pets. "But in the comfort of their home, where they can relax, they’ll be a wonderful addition to your family and will repay your commitment many times over.” Bella is currently being fostered by volunteer Clare Rattle who describes her as very loving. Ms Rattle said: “Bella is a cautious dog who responds well to patience and a positive approach. "Once comfortable, which doesn’t take long at all, she is so affectionate and laid back. READ MORE: Heartbreak as rescue dog overlooked in kennels for 450 days "You will never tire of her quirkiness or her joy from a squeaky toy or tugging game. "She is very bright and loves the challenge of puzzles and magic tricks involving hiding treats. “When you return home, Bella is like a tornado rushing to greet you and welcome you back. "She is a clear communicator with her nose and she uses it to get you up from the chair if you’ve forgotten walk time, nudges you with it at dinner time and buries it under your hand for strokes. DON'T MISSDog surprises RSPCA rescuers by giving birth to litter of 13 puppiesDog desperate for owner who understands 'quirks' after year in kennelsHeartbreak as rescue dog still waiting for home after 750 days “Bella loves a spot on the sofa but will equally spread out her long limbs on the floor, especially in the sunshine. "You are in for hours of entertainment watching her myriad of yoga and sleeping positions. "Bella is a joy waiting to be discovered and she can’t wait to find her forever family.” Bella would like to be an only pet with owners who will help continue her training around other dogs. She is looking for a quiet home and could live with children over the age of 10. Find out more about Bella here.