Russian forces have suffered huge military losses as an estimated one-third of Putin’s ground forces have been destroyed or rendered unsuitable for combat. Research fellow for European Security Ed Arnold highlighted the success of Ukrainian defensive tactics, particularly around the Donbas region. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Arnold said: “In terms of Kharkiv, the battle is effectively over and Ukraine has won. “It’s further evidence that the Russian military really is going to struggle to take any of the large population centres, it’s the second-largest city.” He continued: “What Ukraine forces have been able to do is put in a very effective counter-attack which has pushed Ukrainian field artillery out of range of the city but also actually pushed Russian forces back to the border. “That’s going to cause significant issues for an already challenging offensive from Russia within the Donbas.” Mr Arnold detailed UK intelligence which suggests Putin’s current Russian offensive in the Donbas has sustained significant losses. “From a Russian perspective, UK defence intelligence overnight estimated that one-third of their ground forces have now been destroyed or made combat ineffective within Ukraine itself.” He added: “That’s significant due to the fact it’s heavy losses but also Russia will really struggle to replenish those forces. “Both in terms of people because that’s politically very difficult for President Putin, he needs to mobilise, but also they’re running low on armoured vehicles, tanks and especially ammunition as well.” Mr Arnold suggested Putin would struggle to replace lost military resources as his supplies are rapidly dwindled by the Ukrainian defence. Despite the Russian losses, Putin continues to refuse to withdraw his ‘Special Military Operation’ from Ukraine. Read more: Russia in flames: Army recruitment centre torched in arson attack Despite the UK intelligence referenced by Mr Arnold, Russian reports of casualties and significant territorial losses remained largely concealed. Russian state-controlled television continues to transmit heavy propaganda of Russian successes. British defence sources estimate more than 15,000 Russian troops have been killed since the invasion began in February. In addition, photographs from the frontline show Russian tanks, clearly displaying the ‘Z’ symbol of support for the war, destroyed by Ukrainian forces. Don't miss:Putin's invasion takes another blow as rocket launch fails [INSIGHT]Putin 'needs another army' to hold on to Donbas as war set last years [REPORT]Russians on doomed warship Moskva send out SOS in leaked radio message [ANALYSIS] A UN Human Rights Monitoring Mission in Ukraine confirmed the death toll for civilians stands at 3,380. Investigation into Russian aggression in Bucha has confirmed evidence of war crimes against civilians. The Mission detailed the “unlawful killing” of over 300 civilians, including Ukrainian children. Head of the Mission, Matilda Bogner said: “This includes summary executions and people shot at either in vehicles, crossing roads and so on.”   