Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made a decision to step down as senior members of the British Royal Family in 2020. In their official statement that confirmed their departure, the couple declared that they will continue to "fully support Her Majesty The Queen". Speaking on Fox Business, former Brexit party leader Nigel Farage has criticised Prince Harry for the "sheer level of disrespect" he has shown to the Queen since his exit. Fox Business host Stuart Varney asked Mr Farage if the Brits "want him to be there [on the Balcony]". Mr Farage replied: "No no no no no, he's yours, keep him, you've got him". He added: "The sheer level of disrespect he has shown to the Queen is appalling. "Even worse, that interview with Oprah Winfrey was recorded when Harry knew his grandfather was dying and [he] still went there. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry hated cameras! Duke blasted over new Netflix series with Meghan "That, to me, is unforgivable, a complete disgrace". In March 2021, Harry and Meghan Markle sat down for a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. During their interview, the couple made some shocking accusations. Meghan and Harry accused an unnamed member of the family - not the Queen or Duke of Edinburgh - of making a racist comment about their son, Archie. READ MORE: Prince Charles refuses to apologise for Queen over 'assimilation and genocide' in Canada Other revelations in the interview included Harry's admission he had become estranged from his father, the Prince of Wales, saying "I feel really let down". In March, the Duke of Sussex also snubbed the Royal Family by failing to attend the memorial service for his late grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh. The reason noted as to why Prince Harry chose not to attend was the Duke's security concerns for his family. DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] Last month, Harry also sat down for an interview with NBC Today. During the interview, he revealed how he and Meghan had had tea with the Queen during their quick visit to Windsor Castle last month. Harry also increased tensions between himself and the rest of the Royal Family by commenting that he is just "making sure that she [the Queen] is protected and got the right people around her".