The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 takes place in Turin, Italy this year and will air in the UK on BBC One. British singer and social media star, Sam Ryder, is flying the flag for the UK with his already-popular hit, Space Man. Eurovision experts spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the likelihood of the UK taking away the number one title. Eurovision fans are gearing up for another night full of quirky costumes, uplifting performances and unusual acts as the 2022 contest is set to launch in Italy. Two semi-final rounds will take place next week, on Tuesday and Thursday, with the grand final airing on Saturday, May 14. As one of the Big Five, the UK skips the semi-final stages and will head straight to the final. This is because these countries pay the most money to the EBU (European Broadcasting Union) which organises the annual contest. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco pays teary tribute to co-star Still, this does not mean the chance of the UK winning increases, as history tells. Paul Jordan, also known as Dr Eurovision, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Sam's chances of winning. He said: "I don't think we should pre-empt failure. It is a good song, doing well in the betting odds. "To do well you need to get three things right - the song, the performer and the staging. "Often we've had two of the three, and we certainly have the song and singer - all depends on the staging and I am hoping they don't mess it up like they did last year!" However, he said the UK may miss out on one of the spots in the top trio. He said: "Apart from Ukraine and Sweden, it's a pretty open and unpredictable year. "I think those two will be in the top five at least. I think the UK might miss out on the top three but I am hoping to be proved wrong!" The UK is currently the fourth favourite to win, although there is a strong chance they will finish last, as was the case last year. Ladbrokes cited odds of 8/1 for Ryder to finish at the bottom. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser opens up on back injury 'Couldn’t move aroun [INSIGHT] Tipping Point contestant makes 'history' as they break show record [VIDEO] Why is Mika hosting Eurovision? Star speaks out [EXPLAINER] Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "There's a clean split between patriotism and pessimism as far as British bettors are concerned. "Plenty seem to fancy TikTok's Sam Ryder to go all the way, while a flurry of punters have backed another nil-poi." History says the UK are more likely to finish at the bottom than the top at Eurovision. However, one interesting point is most UK acts are generally around the 25/1 or 33/1 mark to win. With this in mind, Sam Ryder is definitely doing something right as far as the odds are concerned. Alex added: "Punters are very much torn between all and nothing at this stage. "While Sam Ryder is just an 8/1 shot to finish in last place, he'll actually be heading to Italy as one of the UK's most popular picks in recent years to go all the way." Other frontrunners in line for the win include Italy, Sweden and Spain. Ukraine remains the favourite to win, with the Kalush Orchestra representing the conflict-stricken country.  Eurovision 2022 starts on Tuesday, May 10 and will air on BBC Three