Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy is set to bow to Antonio Conte's demands of signing 'experienced winners', according to reports. Spurs have focused on signing young, emerging players in recent windows but Conte would prefer to add an older core to his squad who have had previous success in their careers. The Italian is set to embark on his first window in charge of Tottenham. He has often made it clear he wants to make key additions to his squad. Spurs' reluctance to spend has often been criticised. However, Conte is not only going to be given a big summer warchest, but will also be able to sign the players he wants. The Evening Standard says Tottenham will go against their recent policy of signing young players with a sell-on value in order to please their 52-year-old boss. Inter Milan's Ivan Perisic, who worked under Conte for a couple of years, has been linked to Spurs in recent days. READ MORE: Senior Tottenham players make 'desperate' transfer demand after securing top four spot  The Croatian, at 33, would be an example of someone who fits Conte's signing criteria. Conte has led Spurs into the Premier League top four, a feat many doubted he would be able to do. Captain Hugo Lloris is delighted with how the season has panned out. And he is sure the club will be in a much better shape at the start of next term. Lloris said: “I believe [Conte] knows exactly what he wants and needs. I believe there is huge confidence. "It’s just about making decisions together now. I’m a player, we’re going to switch off from the club [for the summer]. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag fires warning to Manchester United players in first interview as manager [INTERVIEW]Leeds reject £46m Raphinha bid after Premier League safety as star 'agrees terms' [GOSSIP]Cristiano Ronaldo and Mason Greenwood 'erupted' during specific Man Utd defeat [INSIGHT]  "We still have international duties, but now it belongs to the main protagonists to make the right decisions, to prepare for next season as well as we can. Then we’ll come back with desire and ambition. “[Finishing fourth] is a team win and I think it’s going to give the club the positivity to prepare for next season [under] the guidance of Antonio Conte. It will give the calmness to the board to make the right decisions for the wellness of the club. "With confidence, we can grow up faster. This end of the season we showed a lot of maturity and calmness, especially in some big moments. Now we need to use this feeling, this moment to become bigger and stronger.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here