Tottenham target Ivan Perisic has already given his views on striker Harry Kane and another possible Antonio Conte summer signing Christian Eriksen. Spurs are reportedly set to beat Chelsea and Juventus to the signing of Inter Milan wide man Perisic, as the 33-year-old is expected to become Conte’s second summer signing. Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster is also set to join Tottenham on a free transfer as a backup to captain Hugo Lloris, while Eriksen has also been linked with a move back to Tottenham after a stellar second part of the season with Brentford. Perisic has previously praised Kane and Eriksen when UEFA asked him in 2018 which player’s finishing technique he would like to have. Perisic responded: "I think the best finisher is Harry Kane from Tottenham.” In terms of free-kick technique, former Spurs star Eriksen was Perisic’s pick: "When it comes to free-kicks from distance I would choose Eriksen from Tottenham." The Croatian international could line up alongside the two men he holds a high opinion of next season, which signals a change in transfer policy from Tottenham. Their previous windows have shown that Spurs have looked to sign younger players with re-sale value, but at 33, Perisic is more in the mould of a player that Conte wants as they aim for short-term success under the Italian manager. Perisic, who could line up at wing-back under Conte, scored eight goals and recorded seven assists in 35 Serie A games last season. The Croatian has been capped 113 times for his country and has been at Inter since 2015, where he won the Scudetto under Conte in the 2020-2021 season. He has a wealth of experience having reached the World Cup final in 2018, and also lifted the Champions League in 2020 on loan at Bayern Munich. Spurs announced “capital increase of up to £150million” from majority shareholder ENIC, which “provides the Premier League club with greater financial flexibility and the ability to further invest on and off the pitch.” The Telegraph has claimed that Conte has been promised six new signings after his success in the January transfer window played a big part in Tottenham beating north London rivals Arsenal to fourth place and Champions League football next season. Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur were brought in from Juventus in January, with the Swedish winger providing the perfect foil for Kane and Son Heung-min, scoring five goals and claiming eight assists in 18 Premier League appearances. Bentancur, who signed on a permanent deal as opposed to Kulusevski’s loan, established a good partnership with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg in midfield and got two assists on the final day of the season as Conte’s team defeated Norwich 5-0 to secure a top-four spot.