The Eurovision Song Contest was unable to take place for the first time in history during the height of the coronavirus pandemic, leaving fans devastated. But the international competition came back with a bang last year with contestants gathering to the heart of the Netherlands in Rotterdam. 2022 will mark the 66th year of the Eurovision Song Contest with UK fans able to watch the dramatic performances unfold on BBC One on Saturday, May 14, from 8pm. But fans want to know about Sweden's entry. Sweden's Eurovision 2022 entry will be Stockholm-based singer-songwriter Cornelia Jakobs. Music has been a major part of the 30-year-old's life from a very young age thanks to her family. Jakobs' dad is none other than singer Jakob Samuelis who is best known for starting and leading glam and heavy metal band The Poodles. They have released a total of seven albums featuring songs such as I Want It All, Metal Will Stand Tall and Night of Passion. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role The Poodles also have a connection with the Eurovision Song Contest as they performed their song Night of Passion in 2006 at the music festival Melodifestivalen. This festival is the annual music competition that decides the Swedish entry to the global contest every year. The Poodles performed again in Melodifestivalen in 2008 with their song E-Type as well as the famous Sweden Rock Festival. Jakobs' dad wasn't the only musical influence in her life either growing up. Her grandmother Kerstin Nerbein was a composer, eager to get Jakobs excited about opera. So the Swedish singer would have learned a thing or two about creating music with her grandmother's help. But when Jakobs was younger, her interest in music wasn't as strong as it is today. She told Take To News: "It felt so awfully boring then. "We had a music studio at home, so I was happy to go there to sing and play." DON'T MISS...The Games viewers 'switch off' as they blast Holly Willoughby show [REACTION]Latvia Eurovision 2022 lyrics: What do Citi Zeni’s sing? [EXPLAINER]Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final  [CAST] Jakobs will be taking to the stage for the second semi-final on Thursday, May 12. She is going to perform her single Hold Me Closer which has been dubbed as an anthem for the broken-hearted. Jakobs has already performed the song live to various audiences, including at the popular music festival Melodifestivalen where her dad also performed 13 years prior. Going by the latest odds from Betfair, she could be in with a good chance of winning this year's show. The bookies currently has Jakobs listed as having 6/1 odds for being declared the champions of Eurovision 2022. Just ahead of her in the odds are Italy with 4/1 and leading the way are Ukraine with 4/6. The United Kingdom is still predicted to do well with 9/1 odds, coming in at fourth place in the Betfair charts. The Eurovision Song Contest finale starts at 8pm on Saturday, May 14, on BBC One.