According to folklore, the island of St Michael’s Mount in Cornwall was built by the 18ft tall giant, Cormoran, who carried granite across from the mainland at low tide. When the giant eventually became a nuisance, raiding villages at night and feasting on the local population, the story goes that Jack the Giant Killer earned his name by awakening Cormoran from his slumber by blowing a horn and luring him into a huge well on the Mount. Upon falling into the hidden pit, Cormoran was at the mercy of Jack, who dealt him a fatal blow with his pickaxe. This gruesome bedtime story is happily perpetuated today on the island, where day-trippers can visit The Giant’s Well and search for The Giant’s Heart. But it is a fairy tale that may have some origins in truth, because around 300 years ago, the skeleton of a real-life giant was discovered entombed in a hidden chamber on St Michael’s Mount. Cornwall Live's Greg Martin shared his experience exploring the vault and the legend of the mount: "If I stand on my son’s toy box and peer out of the top righthand corner of his bedroom window, I can see a small island rising steeply out of the sea, with a mystical castle perched on top of it. Despite the risk of Lego and limb, I soak up this precarious view almost every morning and evening. When I walk to my car, I can see this magical place across the bay. And at the end of the day, when I am driving back, it is its tower rising from the horizon that tells me I’m nearly home. Seeing it so often, I should feel indifferent to the sight of St Michael’s Mount by now. But it still looks like something straight out of a fairytale – and with good reason.  Somewhat fittingly for a story about a giant who lived in a fairy tale castle on an island, details on the discovery of the skeleton are vague and often conflicting, with sources putting the date that it was found anywhere from 1720 to the late 19th century. What is generally agreed is that during renovations of the church on St Michael's Mount, a small door that had been blocked up was discovered in the southeast wall, and upon opening it and following stone steps down into a vault, the skeleton of a very large man was found lying on the floor. Most accounts put his height at 7 feet and 8 inches. The present St Michael's Church, which is believed to date from the 14th century, was built in place of an original church which was constructed on top of the Mount in 1135, but was destroyed by an earthquake in 1275. With the vault strictly off-limits to visitors these days, the daily routine of the 14th century "old monks" is imagined in the 1899 Journal of the Royal Institution of Cornwall, writing “One fancies them, too, going through the low doorway (discovered in 1725, built-up) in the south wall, and by stairs entering the little vault below (8 feet by 6 feet), where were discovered (gruesome sight) the uncoffined bones of a man, and one wonders what had occurred there. Dark deeds perchance, though we have no evidence to lead us to think so.” With the seats in the chancel in place, it is very easy to miss the hidden doorway to the vault these days. However, there is often a guide from St Michael's Mount on hand to reveal the entrance to visitors. In his 1932 book "St Michael's Mount", Canon Thomas Taylor wrote: "Much has been written concerning the underground chamber which is entered by means of a stone stairway from the south-west of the altar. "The vault is about nine feet square and has a small square-headed window now blocked, in the south wall. This chamber may have served as an in pace cell such as existed at Mont St Michel for the correction of refractory monks and others. "When laying the floor of the chancel there was found in it the skeleton of a very large man uncoffined. The bones were removed and interred in the north court. In 1864 they were translated to the cemetery. "The shin bone was larger by one-half than that of an ordinary man."  Historic England describes this hidden chamber: "In 1725 a low doorway was discovered in the S wall opening onto a winding staircase leading down to an 8ft by 6ft cell, possibly for an anchorite." In Christianity, anchorites were religious hermits, often hidden from society because of physical deformities or differences, but revered by those worshipping within the church where they were kept. They would often spend their days in cells or vaults below churches, where they could watch and pray during services without being seen. However, the tradition of anchorites in churches and monasteries began to die out by the end of the 16th century.  In Richard Carew's "The Survey of Cornwall" published in 1602, he writes that Sir John Arundell "was forwarned by a wot not what calker, how he should be slain on the sands." And that as sheriff of Cornwall, he ended up in a battle on the beach in front of St Michael's Mount in 1471 where "in a skirmish on the sands, which divide the Mount from the continent, he fulfilled the effect of the prophecy, with the loss of his life, and in the said Mount's chapel lieth buried."  However, although Sir John Arundell may have ended up being buried somewhere within the church on St Michael's Mount, it seems unlikely that he would have been blocked inside a vault. And there are no records of him being a particularly tall man. Today, there is a fixed light down in the vault, switched on from the top of the stairs. But even with this light on the chamber feels like a very dark and oppressive room, making a 6ft photographer like myself feel claustrophobic. So it really cannot have been pleasant for a man of 7ft 8. As well as the fixed light, I have a torch with me in the vault, and by moving this light along the walls it is possible to see scratches and even some writing on the stone.  The floor is uneven stone. It is generally thought that this chamber is likely to be older than the church itself - perhaps part of the original church. There is a window, which has long been blocked up with stone, and in the far corners are some intriguing white markings on the walls.  On closer inspection and with a bit more light, it is possible to see that these are meant to be larger than life handprints, with one-too-many fingers. In the legend of Cormoran, the giant is described as having six fingers. So the assumption can be made that these handprints are a more recent addition, perhaps for fun or to be found by rare visitors like myself. Once again, blurring the lines between fact and folklore. Of course, 'giants' standing well over 7ft tall were not unheard of before the skeleton was discovered at St Michael's Mount. Perhaps the most famous was 'The Cornish Giant' Anthony Payne, who stood at 7ft 4 inches tall, and died in 1691. This timeline would fit nicely with the discovery of the skeleton of a giant in 1725, however, Anthony Payne is recorded as being buried at Stratton church. Although there are records of the church at St Michael's Mount being renovated around 1720, there is debate around whether the giant's skeleton was actually discovered in the early 19th century instead. In "An Archaeological Evaluation of St Michael's Mount" which was done for The National Trust, Peter Herring writes that: "One of the Mount’s several quaint stories relates to the reported discovery in the early years of the 19th century (probably 1804 or 1811 when the church was renovated) of the skeleton of a larger than a normal person within a stone vault beneath the church. The door to the steps down to the vault had been blocked with stone and the body was not in a coffin." Herring goes on to write: "Was this discovery the cause of the association of the Mount with giants? Or was it used to revive earlier traditions? What is certain is that the body had not lain in the vault ‘for unknown ages’. William Borlase visiting the church in 1731 had found the little doorway to the vault still open; he descended into the vault and recorded architectural details but discovered no body (Borlase Letterbook 1, labelled 13, Morrab Library, Penzance)." Herring concludes: "The door was clearly closed up sometime between 1731 and c.1744, when the church was restored, because it was no longer open when Borlase returned to visit the church in 1762. It seems then that someone's body was deliberately hidden here in the early 18th century, between 1731 and c.1744. Not only was the vault's door blocked with stones but a platform was raised to further obscure the door. (It was the removal of this platform in 1804 or 1811 which revealed the door)." However, if William Borlase visited the vault in 1731, surely he would have found it empty even if the skeleton had been discovered in 1725 (as other documents suggest), because it was reburied within the church. It is, perhaps, feasible that the empty vault that Borlase had visited in 1731, was sealed up and hidden for a second time before his return visit in 1762, only to be rediscovered for a second time in the early 19th century during another phase of renovations. One argument for this theory is the other item that was discovered alongside the skeleton of the giant - a large jug made from horse leather. This jug, which is now on display at St Michael's Mount, is very similar to Oliver Cromwell's famous jug, made from his warhorse Blackjack. This style of jug dates from the 17th century, which fits the timeline of someone being entombed in the vault and discovered as a skeleton in 1725. But it conflicts slightly with the idea that someone was locked in the vault with it in the mid-18th century. Whenever this giant of a man lived, and whoever he was, one can't help but wonder if he ever got to look out on the amazing views across Mount's Bay from just outside of that vault. Did that very tall man wander up and down the cobbled track to the church, where there is now a heart-shaped stone known as 'The Giant's Heart'. What is believed, is that whoever this giant was, his 7ft 8-inch skeleton is now buried in an unmarked grave somewhere in the cemetery on St Michael's Mount. The line between folklore and fact might be blurred at St Michael's Mount, but there is certainly some truth within these tall tales."