The Eurovision Song Contest is a competition unlike any other with spectacular costumes, plenty of dramatics and outstanding vocals - for the most part. A total of 25 countries will be taking part in the finale, with millions of viewers expected to tune in from around the world to watch the performances. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch the Eurovision Song Contest The Eurovision Song Contest will be taking over our screens this week with two semi-finals and the main final. Semi-final one kicks off on Tuesday, May 10, at 8pm on BBC Three, while the second will be airing on Thursday, May 12, in the same timeslot. These rounds will decide who will make up the top 25 countries performing in Turin, Italy, where the big night is being held. The United Kingdom is one of the Big Five countries that are always guaranteed a place in the finale and this year is no different. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role The Eurovision Song Contest finale 2022 will be airing on Saturday, May 14, from 8pm. As Italy won the 2021 competition with rock band Maneskin, the performances will be taking place at its PalaOlimpico Arena in Turin. The event will be broadcast live throughout the evening on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. So there is no need to miss a single moment of the extravagant competition. In the first of the semi-finals, 17 countries will be battling it out for one of 10 prestigious spots in the finale on Saturday. A further 18 are going to perform on May 12 with another 10 places up for grabs. Along with the Big Five countries, the United Kingdom, France, Italy, Germany and Spain, these countries will make up the line-up for Eurovision 2022. DON'T MISS...The Games viewers 'switch off' as they blast Holly Willoughby show [REACTION]Eurovision Semi Final LIVE: Ukraine on road to victory - but UK cou... [THEORY]Eurovision RIGGED: How Spain snatched victory away from UK [EXPLAINER] Eurovision couldn't go ahead in 2020 with the coronavirus pandemic still rife around the world so fans rejoiced when it returned last year. Italy won with a major landslide thanks to the rock band Maneskin who wowed audiences with their performance of Zitte E Buoni. Since then, Maneskin has gone on to release singles such as I Wanna Be Your Slave and a cover of Beggin'. As with previous years, it'll be up to the public voters and juries to decide who should be the winners. Each country will have a jury of five music industry experts rewarding points for who their favourite performers were. But audiences can also have their say by voting via the app which can be downloaded via the BBC Eurovision page. Fans can also call the onscreen numbers that are going to be shown throughout the finale. The Eurovision Song Contest finale starts at 8pm on Saturday, May 14, on BBC One.