In fact, listening to Labour’s hysteria over Sue Gray’s damp squib of a report this week its hard not to think they care more about kicking Boris out than they do about the cost of living crisis and what it means to the terrified people they represent. So obsessed have the Boris haters become that they’re determined to blame him for gatherings he didn’t know about and never attended. In fact they seem determined to blame him for every bad thing that happened during the pandemic. The SNP’s Ian Blackford ludicrously compared what went on at these gatherings to a Roman orgy. It’s clear Mr Blackford has never been to any kind of orgy because the poor sap would know there’s more to them than a few turned up sandwiches, jugs of fruit juice and a few bottles of wine. But then Boris’s enemies had spent months salivating and fantasising about the prospect of Sue Gray’s report damning Boris so badly that he’d have no choice but to resign. But it didn’t. So when it didn’t they just decided to scream about what they’d wanted her to say not what she actually said. And so they screamed about orgies and debauchery, about him being a liar, a criminal, blah blah. The reality, of course, is that the report failed absolutely to show that Boris had knowingly broken the rules. It made clear he wasn’t personally involved in any bad behaviour apart from the birthday cake incident. And eating a slice of birthday cake shouldn’t be a resigning matter. Starmer hysterically accused Boris of presiding over a “culture of criminality” which is farcical not to mention hypocritical bearing in mind hisalleged breach of the rules – an organised dinner for 30 and much beer drinking in Durham. For months he's been demanding Boris resign when he and his deputy Angela Rayner are currently being investigated by the police over the Durham incident The only difference here is that Boris has apologised – nearly 40 times now – for what he did. Starmer hasn’t – not once – because he arrogantly refuses to accept he did anything wrong even though there’s video evidence to prove that he did. I heard one Labour MP this week being asked if his party would now drop Partygate in light of a report that criticised the culture at No 10 but didn’t directly blame Boris for it. He said No, absolutely not. So how much do Labour care about the cost of living crisis? How much does this party that claims to be on the side of working people care about the fact many can’t eat or heat their homes. Why, as a party, aren’t they devoting more time to looking after the needs of those people than trying to oust a man who, if they weren’t so blinded by hatred, they'd see is going nowhere. I get that Boris wasn’t tough enough with his junior civil service staff who were drinking and socialising when they shouldn’t have been. Sue Gray’s report said those gatherings shouldn’t have been allowed to happen. And she’s right. I get that a lot of people are furious that they slavishly followed the rules this Government foisted upon us – yet many Government bods did not. I completely understand their anger at not being able to say goodbye to loved ones and I know those people will never forgive Boris for that no matter how many times he apologises because it cuts too deep for them. But let’s get some perspective here – Boris’s mother died during the pandemic. He nearly died because of Covid and as he was recovering from it he was dealing with the early stages of Brexit, the vaccine rollout, the EU trying to steal our vaccines and his levelling up agenda. Was he really supposed to police his junior civil service staff as well? 10 Downing street is 5,500 sq feet, it’s got five floors and hundreds of people working there. Would he really know if some had stayed behind after work to have a few rule breaking glasses of wine? As for those anonymous civil service juniors who blabbed to BBC’s Panorama about how they were conned into drinking after work. Were they really? Were they conned to the extent that they went back and did it week after week. They’re adults. They could have said no. They should have said no. The Metropolitan Police Force investigation into this has cost a whopping £460,000. It’s an investigation that spawned just 126 fixed penalty notices to 83 people. Was it really worth it? Yes, Boris was sloppy. Yes, ultimately he didn’t maintain the standards the public had a right to expect from his office, from his government. And yes, he could have done much better. And he should have. But this is now feeling like a witch-hunt by his enemies – people who hate him because he took us out of the EU, something which they will never accept or forgive him for. Well, it’s time those zealots put whatever they feel about Boris and Partygate away and concentrate on looking after the people they represent. Because the next 12 months are going to be hell for millions. It’s going to be the kind of hell most financially cosseted politicians won’t ever experience. So let’s think about them – not Boris and his birthday cake. Or frothing at the moth Labour politicians. People can vote Boris out at the next election if they want to (knowing his replacement will be a motley coalition of Labour, the Lib Dems and the SNP) but Partygate really needs to be put to bed now. There’s so much more, which is so much more important, at stake! 