RMT general secretary Mike Lynch joined Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid on Wednesday’s GMB after it was confirmed 89 percent of union members voted in favour of a nationwide strike amid an ongoing dispute over pay and working conditions. However, Richard skewered the union boss as he told it wasn’t the “right time” for industrial action. Richard began: “Most train drivers are on an average of £60,000 a year, they work a four-day week, Sunday working is optional. “Many people would say sure use your clout and your leverage to negotiate for better conditions but to strike at this time of all times is just socially irresponsible.” Mike hit back: “Well this strike isn’t just about train drivers I’ve got thousands of members, the majority of our members are on very most salaries between £25,000 and £30,000 which isn’t a lot of money these days and like everyone else, they’re feeling the pinch and it’s because of this cost of living crisis that’s one of the main issues in this dispute. ‘We’re going into the third year now we’ve not had a pay rise for our people some of them as low as the minimum wage they’re struggling like everyone else. Read more: Brave mum 'will never mentally recover' after son fell into drain “We want the economy to revive the best way to revive the economy is to give the British worker a pay rise and companies are making record profits.” “Yesterday we found out we’ve got more billionaires than we’ve ever had, the rich are the richest they’ve ever been in this society and dividends and profits are at a record high,” Mike explained “So we need a balance in this society between the rich and the poor and we’re not getting that. Richard fumed: “You know what you’re being accused of and it’s an abuse of power. “You have tremendous power, you really do have your hands around the windpipe of the country in terms of rail travel and it’s an abuse of that power.” The RMT boss hit back: “It’s not an abuse of power it’s a right to take industrial action. “We have to jump through a lot of hoops, we’ve got the most strident anti-trade union laws of any western democracy." “We’ve met and smashed all the thresholds,” Mike argued. DON'T MISSGMB viewers rage at Simon Clarke's 'laughable excuses' for Johnson [INSIGHT]Ben Shephard sparks uproar over 'waste of time' Raab grilling [INTERVIEW]Eddie Hearn in fiery GMB clash as campaigner calls for boxing ban [VIDEO] “Our members are ordinary men and women right across this country. “They want to secure their jobs this is also compulsory redundancies, the lowering of safety standards of our railway and the ripping up of our terms and conditions. “What we’re seeing here is a government that wants to drive down workers’ wages, depress workers into a situation where they can be super-exploited across the economy without sourcing sub-contracting and super-exploitation the gig economy.” Later in the interview, Mike confirmed the union was not looking to take industrial action over the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend. The RMT union boss said: “We’ve got no intention of taking this action the Queen’s Jubilee. “That’s a myth that’s been put about by people we never intended to do that. We’re not going to ruin that weekend for anyone. “We want to get a serious settlement, we want the companies to address the issues at stake and that will do every day some good.” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.