Arsenal could miss out on around £14.1million as West Ham plot a move for defender Konstantinos Mavropanos, according to reports. Mavropanos is currently on loan at Bundesliga side Stuttgart. Stuttgart have the option to sign the Greek centre-back on a permanent deal at the end of the season. German outlet Bild claims the figure they would pay Arsenal is around £3million (€3.5m). However, the same report says West Ham are interested in signing the 24-year-old. The east London club would be prepared to pay £17.1m (€20m) to secure him this summer. That would embarrass Arsenal, with the Gunners facing a loss of over £14m on the player. Mavaropanos has confirmed that Stuttgart have the option to sign him permanently. READ MORE: Four free agents Man Utd could sign after board tell Erik ten Hag to 'search for bargains'  He said: “Stuttgart have the option to sign me. If they do that, I’m a VfB player. That’s all there is to say about that at the moment." Former Arsenal head of recruitment Sven Mislintat is now the sporting director at Stuttgart. He confirmed earlier this season the club will be obliged to sign Mavropanos if they avoid relegation from the Bundesliga, and an option if they do not. Mislintat said: “We have an obligatory purchase option of €3 million if we remain in the league. There’s also an option if we get relegated. DON'T MISSLiverpool matching Man City's signing of Erling Haaland would demolish Europe's hierarchy [OPINION]Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo has already fired a warning to Erling Haaland [INTERVIEW]Erik ten Hag’s five-man Man Utd strikeforce with two signings and Cristiano Ronaldo [COMMENT]  "In both instances, we have the opportunity to take him. I think it’s relatively clear what will happen with him.” Stuttgart are far from safe in the German top flight. They currently sit in the relegation play-off spot with one game of the season remaining. If they beat Koln on the final day of the campaign and Hertha Berlin lose at Borussia Dortmund, then they will be safe. Otherwise they will have to play a play-off against the team who finishes third in Bundesliga 2 to decide who plays in the top flight next term.  Mavropanos joined Arsenal in January 2018 and was one of the final signings of Arsene Wenger's reign. He made an immediate impression in the Gunners defence in his three appearances in the second-half of the campaign. However, he has featured just five times for the first team since. He spent part of the 2019/20 season on loan at FC Nurnberg and has been at Stuttgart for the past two campaigns. He has made 30 appearances in the Bundesliga this season, scoring four goals.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here