The Government released detailed guidance to companies and couriers who will need to use vans and trailers over 2.5 tonnes to transport goods in Europe from May 21, 2022. Drivers planning on delivering goods to Europe will need a standard international goods vehicle operator licence to transport goods for “hire or reward” in the EU, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland. The Department for Transport (DfT) said that the new rules will apply to anyone who is based in England, Scotland or Wales and uses “vans or other light goods vehicles (sometimes called ‘light commercial vehicles’), vans towing trailers, cars towing trailers". The DfT’s more detailed list outlines the types of vehicles affected. These are as follows: Vans with a maximum authorised mass (MAM) over 2,500kg (2.5 tonnes) and up to and including 3,500kg (3.5 tonnes). READ MORE: 'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' Vans towing a trailer with a gross train weight (GTW) over 2.5 tonnes and up to and including 3.5 tonnes. Cars towing a trailer with a GTW over 2.5 tonnes and up to and including 3.5 tonnes. The DfT has also warned drivers that they can be fined by the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) if they operate without the right licence. Motorists have also been told that they could be prosecuted in the European countries that they drive through. DON'T MISS Driver fined £100 for staying in car park for just four minutes [INSIGHT] Diesel drivers are being 'fleeced' at the pumps as MP's demand action [REVEAL] Mum handed £100 parking fine for overstaying nine minutes [SHOCKING] The rules will not apply to drivers who only use their vehicles in the UK or are not transporting goods for “hire or reward”. In order to apply for a goods vehicle operator licence, companies and motorists will need to have a transport manager. A transport manager is someone who is responsible for things such as planning routes and scheduling delivery times. Other duties of a transport manager include: managing a team of drivers and administration staff, making sure drivers follow company and industry regulations, arranging vehicle maintenance, MOTs and tax payments, and organising vehicle replacements. There are three ways in which companies can solve the issue of acquiring a transport manager. Firms who are planning to deliver goods to Europe after May 21 can apply to get an existing member of staff who will be temporarily recognised as a transport manager. They can also employ someone with a Transport Manager Certificate of Professional Competence (CPC) qualification. Lastly, they can hire an external qualified transport manager. If companies already have the standard international goods vehicle operator licence, they will need to add their vans, cars, and trailers to their existing licence. There is no fee to add vehicles to a licence if the car limit has not been reached. However, companies will need to pay £257 to make a ‘major variation’ if they need to increase the vehicle limit on their licence. After the law comes into effect, drivers will need to carry a certified copy of their UK Licence for the Community during international journeys. If drivers are applying for a vehicle operator licence for the first time, they will get a UK Licence for the Community as part of their application for a standard international operator licence. There’s no extra fee for them.