Prince William and Prince Harry have been dogged by persistent rumours of a feud ever since the Duke of Sussex married Meghan Markle in 2018. Reports following Harry's departure from the Royal Family in 2020 claimed the brothers' relationship had become strained after the Duke of Cambridge urged his younger brother to slow down in his relationship. Royal commentator Robert Jobson suggested that despite the ongoing feud "there is that underlying love" linking them that could help resolve the tension. Speaking to True Royalty's The Royal Beat, Mr Jobson said: "There is always love there, even if there is dislike or you have fallen out with your sibling. "There is that underlying love. I think there is a lot of testosterone flying around here. "The fall out happened when Harry decided he wanted to get married to the love of his life, Meghan. "I think there were issues with William giving him advice he didn't want to hear." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG He suggested the pair would likely "just need one moment" to clear the air and mend fences. Mr Jobson continued: "They probably just need, as I am sure the Queen would love, just one moment where they can gel again, have a hug, and then move on. "But it’s clear that even in the meetings with Charles it was a bit fractious. "The Queen was able to embrace Harry and Meghan. READ MORE: Prince Harry opens up on candid conversation with Archie Harrison 'I wanted to tell him' "The Queen is doing that and is reaching out to the other members of the family to do the same.” Prince William last met with Prince Harry in person in July 2021 at the unveiling ceremony of a statue in honour of their late mother, Princess Diana. The pair put up a united front as they met with their uncle, the Earl Spencer, and aunts Lady Sarah McCorquodale and Jane, Baroness Fellows for the event. The Duke of Sussex had only briefly returned to the UK earlier in April to attend the funeral of their grandfather Prince Philip. Prince Harry also paid a visit to the Queen last month before heading to The Netherlands to attend the Invictus Games. The Duke of Sussex was accompanied by Meghan Markle on her first visit to the UK since the pair stepped down from their royal roles. The pair also met with Prince Charles but their exchange was reported to have been frostier compared to the one with Her Majesty. Prince Harry had previously shed light on his difficult relationship with the Prince of Wales, claiming he had stopped taking his calls after he and Meghan announced their plan to leave.