Spain has extended its tough Covid restrictions for another two weeks. The restrictions will now last until at least May 15. British tourists travelling to Spain will need to be fully vaccinated unless they have a recent recovery certificate. If their second jab was more than 270 days ago, they will need to have a booster jab to travel. British teenagers aged between 12-17 can travel to Spain with a negative PCR test if they are unvaccinated. The tough rules have disappointed some British tourists who have been unable to travel to Spain this year. READ MORE: Spain all-inclusive alcohol ban - full list of affected areas It was thought that Spain might relax its border restrictions this month ahead of the busy summer holiday period. However, the tough rules have remained in place and unvaccinated Britons will not be able to travel to Spain with a negative test result. Spain now has some of Europe’s strictest rules for British tourists. Greece ditched its border rules on May 1. Britons can now travel to Greece without facing any restrictions even if they are unvaccinated. Spain is one of the UK’s most popular tourist destinations and easyJet found that over 30 percent of Britons plan to travel there this year. Britons no longer need to wear face masks in bars or restaurants in Spain but they are still mandatory on public transport. Masks are still required in hospitals and medical centres as well as for visits to care or nursing homes. The Spanish Government recommends that people wear a mask in all enclosed public spaces. If a tourist tests positive in Spain they are not required to isolate if they have mild or no symptoms. However, they should wear a mask, avoid crowded spaces and stay away from vulnerable people. Children under the age of 12 do not need to be vaccinated or take a Covid test to travel to Spain. UK tourists who have a NHS Covid pass do not need to complete a passenger locator form for Spain. British tourists holidaying in some areas of the Spanish Balearic islands will have to adapt to some new rules. Some areas including Magaluf have tightened drinking restrictions to ban all-you-can-drink deals and boozy bar crawls. Booze cruises are also restricted while Thomas Cook has introduced a six drink maximum for its guests. The Spanish islands are aiming to change their reputation as a party destination and encourage more quality tourism.