Jodie Whittaker was a history-making Doctor Who when she took on the role in 2017. As the first female to become the Time Lord, fans are wondering if she was the first of many and if another female will continue on the legacy. It's A Sin actress Lydia West has been the talk of the Whovian town as of late, with many sources linking the star to the coveted role, but will she appear on the other side of the Doctor's regeneration this Autumn? Although several names are flying around, BAFTA-nominated Lydia is at the top of the list. Lydia would be keen to take on the iconic role and said: "Yeah, "I think I would!" Speaking to Radio Times about It's A Sin the star teased that she would be up for it. Jodie even commented about the young actress stepping in to replace her. Read More: The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change'  The current Time Lord shared: "Lydia West would absolutely smash it. "But I don't know. I think the joy of the role is that you don't really know until it's announced. And then you think, 'Yeah, of course!'" Lydia has worked closely with returning showrunner Russell T Davies on It's A Sin and Years and Years. With current showrunner Chris Chibnall bringing former colleague Jodie to the sci-fi series with him in 2017, could Russell do the same?  Lydia is currently nominated for best actress at the BAFTA TV Awards this weekend. Speaking of her role in It's A Sin, she told the publication: "When I got the scripts for It's a Sin, I read them and I was in tears, and desperate to be part of the story. "I already knew Russell [T Davies] from Years and Years, and when I read the role of Jill, I thought, 'Whoever gets this character is so lucky.'" While Lydia is keen to be the next Time Lord and has Jodie's back, it's actually former Doctor David Tennant, who is favourite to return. DON’T MISS…Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser's ghost explained in subtle fortune teller clue[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display as she flaunts figure in see-through Met Gala gown [LATEST]'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern insists she doesn't care about viewing figures [LATEST]  Leading bookmaker Coral has slashed the odds in half to 2-1 from 4-1 on Lydia West becoming the next Doctor Who. Coral's John Hill said: "Many punters feel that the first-ever female Doctor Who will be replaced by another British actress. "Our betting is suggesting it will be a two-horse race for the role between David Tennant and Lydia West." Although all information on who will be the next Time Lord is under lock and key, other potential joining the bookie's favourites include Omari Douglas with odds 5-1, EastEnders actor Danny Dyer odds 16-1 and Heartstopper actor Fisayo Akinade with odds 6-1.    