Adding a roof rack to your car is a great way to make more space, and there are plenty of shapes and sizes available to suit almost any vehicle. While this external storage solution is ideal for transporting luggage on long journeys, roof racks can have a noticeable effect on the way you drive your car. Here are the five things you should know before adding one to your vehicle. Roof racks can cause damage to your car if they are installed incorrectly, or not tight enough. Not only can this increase the risk of an accident, but it can also make your roof rack unreliable when it comes to bearing the weight of extra items. While this clever feature can work well when properly secured, rooftop racks can still impact both the performance and the way you drive your vehicle. READ MORE: The classic cars driven by Dennis Waterman Petrol and diesel costs are still climbing across the UK, forcing millions of drivers to find more economical ways of driving. Reducing the amount of weight and air resistance is one of the best ways to make fuel go further, but adding a roof rack can achieve quite the opposite. This is because the roof rack increases the wind resistance of the vehicle while driving, making each journey that little bit less efficient while travelling with a full load on top of your car. Aerodynamic roof bars can be purchased if you are concerned about fuel costs, though it will still slightly impact the performance of your vehicle. Travelling at a higher speed can feel slower with a fully-loaded car, and this will only worsen while carrying the weight of a roof rack as well. Adding a roof box or heavy items such as bikes can increase the drag of your car, making it feel heavier and harder to reach a high speed. This will depend on the load you are carrying as well as the type of car you drive. For example, a larger vehicle will likely feel this less than a smaller car would. The drag can also make the handling and performance of your vehicle more difficult, with more movement felt while you drive. DON'T MISS:Petrol and diesel ban costs motorists £10k as electric cars cost more [INSIGHT]The five fastest EVs you can buy right now [LATEST]Electric car owners face massive charging costs of £1,000 a year [REVEAL] Tunnels, car parks and bridges can be problematic for larger vehicles with a roof rack, leaving some routes potentially off-limits to drivers. Though the increase in the height of your vehicle is often only minor, it is worth considering before setting off on a long journey. Carrying a heavy load on the roof of your car comes with more wind resistance and more noise. You may notice that the whistling sound is more prominent while driving with roof racks and luggage - though there are a few ways to reduce this. Aerodynamic sets can reduce the sound, or you can invest in a wind deflector to make the noise less noticeable as you drive. Increased dragTravelling at a higher speed can feel slower with a fully-loaded car, and this will only worsen while carrying the weight of a roof rack as well.Adding a roof box or heavy items such as bikes can increase the drag of your car, making it feel heavier and harder to reach a high speed.This will depend on the load you are carrying as well as the type of car you drive.For example, a larger vehicle will likely feel this less than a smaller car would.The drag can also make the handling and performance of your vehicle more difficult, with more movement felt while you drive.  Roof racks can leave markings and some scratches on the roof of your vehicle. This is often caused by the rails that the racks clamp on to, though it will depend on the type you install. The damage is often minor, though it is worth noting if you are worried about the appearance of the paintwork after removing the racks. To reduce potential damage, it is recommended that you invest in premium racks with padded clamps. Car polish will generally work well to remove visible damage, but prevention is always better than cure when it comes to preserving the paintwork on your vehicle.