Champions League chasing-Arsenal must beat Leeds on Sunday to ensure they remain in pole position for a top-four place. Arsenal will be looking to build on their three wins within the last three games but the relegation-threatened visitors will pose a tricky test as they fight for their Premier League lives. Here is how Express Sport predicts the Gunners will line up at the Emirates. Goalkeeper: Aaron Ramsdale The England star has been a mainstay within the Arsenal line up since displacing Bernd Leno early in the season and will once again start in goal this weekend. Arsenal have conceded in each of their last six games so the keeper will be keen to end that run with a clean sheet against the Yorkshire visitors. Defenders: Takehiro Tomiyasu, Rob Holding, Gabriel, Nuno Tavares Ben White remains an injury doubt after missing last Sunday’s 2-1 victory over West Ham. Mikael Arteta has stated the centre-half is ‘in contention’ but would have to come through a training session first. Given the importance of Thursday’s north London derby, it is reasonable to assume Arteta may not risk him - meaning able-deputy Rob Holding should continue alongside Gabriel. Takehiro Tomiyasu made a long-awaited return from injury at the London stadium and should keep his place. Nuno Tavares’ performances have improved in recent weeks and with Kieran Tierney out for the season, he will continue to deputise at left back. MUST READ Leeds star Raphinha ‘intends to force Barcelona transfer' as board set price for deal Midfielders: Mohammed Elneny, Granit Xhaka, Bukayo Saka, Martin Odegaard, Gabriel Martinelli Arsenal have played with a reasonably settled central midfield trio in recent weeks and will be expected to start the same three again against Leeds. The maligned Mohammed Elneny and Granit Xhaka have both received praise for their recent performances while Martin Odegaard has captained the side in recent weeks from the number 10 role. Buyako Saka is the first name on the team sheet on the right-hand side but it is harder to predict who will start on the left. Gabriel Martinelli is more dangerous on the counter-attack which may see him get the nod over Emile Smith-Rowe. DON'T MISS Erik ten Hag's position on Paul Pogba as Man City probe signing Man Utd star on free transfer Man Utd insiders explain why Ralf Rangnick was denied January transfer for new striker Chelsea confirm new ownership group as Todd Boehly signs purchase deal  Attacker: Eddie Nketiah The Arsenal youth product has made the number nine role his own in recent weeks and is likely to continue there against his former club. The 22-year-old has looked like a bigger goal threat than the out-of-form Alexandre Lacazette, which has helped him nail down a starting spot while Arteta continues to hope he will sign a new long-term contract.