MI6 is establishing new urban safe-houses complete with fake married couples. Traditionally, defectors spirited away from hostile climes to the UK have found themselves in remote rural idylls or salubrious homes surrounded by manicured lawns - as depicted in the 1987 Bond The Living Daylights when Stonor Park in Oxfordshire was used to debrief defecting Soviet spy Georgi Koskov. But an increasing threat from foreign agents has caused the Secret Intelligence Service to rethink, with the purchase of a more mundane semi-detached house in suburbia. Though sources remained tight-lipped about its exact location they revealed that the house, which boasts at least three bedrooms, is somewhere in the Midlands. The couple who purport to own it seem just as unremarkable as its Edwardian facade. He is self-employed and often needs to travel for business, while she is a stay-at-home wife who is friendly with neighbours and even offers the odd lifts to local pensioners who have to rely on a local bus service to go shopping. But behind the posed wedding photos which adorn their sitting room are two MI6 officers trained in the skills of “handling”people. Pairing up intelligence officers is a commonplace practice for some nations. The US spy drama Americans, which follows the lives of Soviet agents Phillip and Elizabeth Jennings, was inspired by the 2010 discovery of a spy ring in which Russian agents formed long-standing covers as married couples to gain access to intelligence from high-ranking officials. According to US Department of Justice documents, the so-called "Illegals Programme" would see them paired before being sent to the US ”so that they can live together and work together in a host country, under the guise of a married couple". The FBI claimed that “Illegals who are placed together and cohabit in the country to which they are assigned will often have children together.”  The plan by MI6 is somewhat more short term, however. Sources confirmed that only volunteers were used for the assignment, which may last around 18 months - after which the property is sold and they are replaced by a new team somewhere else. The idea to "diversify" types and locations of safe houses was borne from the awareness that the UK's increasingly robust foreign policies may lead to more efforts by hostile nations to penetrate Britain's security network at home, sources say. And buoyant property prices - with homes in the Midlands enjoying 5- 12 per cent price hikes year on year - means that the taxpayer won't be out of pocket. “Times have changed and this is about staying a step ahead,” said a Whitehall source last night. “Certain foreign powers are seeking to increase their footprint here, and our job is to make sure that safe houses live up to their name. “There is now the view that smaller, ordinary-looking properties can be equally, if not more, effective than those which have been established longer." Officers chosen for the operation need to have the right qualities, added the source. "This is a little different from the kinds of longer-term sleeper operations traditionally deployed by other nations abroad.  "Clearly, something like this could only be voluntary, and those who did come forward were observed over a period of time to assess their demeanour and suitability." And the safe house has already hosted two sets of “interesting” houseguests in the eight months since it was bought, said the source. “In this case, the idea was that the female officer could be anyone, anywhere, leading a quiet routine life married to a somewhat dull husband who seems more interested in watching football and cricket on television than anything else. “He will chat with neighbours about the weather, football, cricket and the cost of living but always avoids lengthy conversations. “Occasionally, they will have visitors who stay for a weekend or a few days. "What could be more normal?” 