Nicola Walker is back on BBC One for a bittersweet ending to the series, The Split. The TV star said her emotional goodbyes to the role of Hannah, who had been married to Nathan (played by Stephen Mangan). In real life, she is married to actor Barnaby Kay and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how they met. Nicola Walker is a popular name in British TV and she is known for her roles in Unforgotten and The Last Tango in Halifax, to name a few credits. The Spooks actress tends to keep her family life out of the spotlight, but she is a wife and mother-of-one. She and her husband Barnaby Kay have a son, Harry. They met in 1994 when they both starred in a production of The Libertine. READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage It took a while for the pair to officially tie the knot, but Nicola did not mind. Previously speaking to Radio Times, she said: "I don’t know if I should tell the truth – it doesn’t sound very romantic. “I find the whole ceremony of marriage a bit like going to work. "Putting on a lovely dress and make-up, learning lines, someone doing your hair … I can see that would be really appealing if you don’t do it for a living. “It’s a public performance. Though we had a really lovely day because we didn’t do that. We had a tiny family thing.” The pair were together for almost 20 years before they married in 2006. In the legal drama The Split, Nicola plays a divorce lawyer who is going through a messy breakup herself. She is known and loved for the role but recently admitted she almost never starred in the series at all. DON'T MISS... 'Couldn’t save him' Will Young addresses decision to throw twin out [INTERVIEW] Unforgotten season 5: Sunny star teases big change to ITV series [INSIGHT] Nicola Walker net worth: How much is The Split actress worth? [EXPLAINER] Speaking to the Daily Mail she said she offered five other actresses to choose from. She said: "I'd never played that woman - a woman so successful and seemingly so together. "I was coming from trying to fix a tractor in an old man's shirt in Last Tango [in Halifax], so I gave them the names of five actresses who could do the role." When she did get the job, she admitted she found it daunting getting into character. Over the years she has fallen in love with the role and is sad to see the series come to an end. In the season three finale, Hannah will make a decision that shapes everyone's future. The show's creator, Abi Morgan, said the BBC wanted her to continue past the third season. Yet she told Radio Times: "It was always the plan and in fact I don’t think I’m saying anything out of turn here, the BBC would have loved us to have gone on really. "But I always conceived it as three [seasons]."  The Split comes to an end tonight, May 9, on BBC One. All episodes are on BBC iPlayer.