Genshin Impact update 2.7 is being released this week for the hit Android, iOS, PlayStation and Windows game. The rollout for Genshin Impact 2.7 begins on Monday May 30, and - depending on what region you're in - the new update will be available either later that day or on Tuesday May 31 after five hours of server maintenance. The new Genshin Impact update will be bringing plenty of new content to the table, with arguably the highest profile additions being some new characters. The new Genshin Impact characters arriving in version 2.7 are Yelan and Kuki while miHoYo also has re-runs planned for the Xiao and Arataki Itto banners. To prepare for the rollout of Genshin Impact update 2.7 miHoYo has some server maintenance scheduled, after which the latest version of Genshin Impact will be playable. You can find out when server downtime is planned below... Genshin Impact 2.7 UK launch: Server downtime begins at 11pm UK time on Monday May 30, ends at 4am UK time on Tuesday May 31 Genshin Impact 2.7 European launch: Server downtime begins at 12am CEST time on Tuesday May 31, ends at 5am UK time on Tuesday May 31 Genshin Impact 2.7 US launch: Server downtime begins at 3pm pacific time / 6pm eastern time on Monday May 30, ends at 8pm pacific time / 11pm on Monday May 30 Besides new characters and banner re-runs there is plenty more in store with Genshin Impact update 2.7. The Archon Quest Interlude Chapter as well as four limited-time events. These are Perilous Trail (Realms of Guile and War), A Muddy Bizarre Adventure, Core of the Apparatus and The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival. For those looking for early patch notes on update 2.7, miHoYo recently delved into what fans can expected from the next big Genshin Impact download. You can find details on what to expect below which originally were shared in a post on the PlayStation Blog... Trapped Deep Inside The Chasm It seems that The Chasm seals away not only clues to Khaenri’ah and the Traveler twins, but also the history and secrets of Liyue, including how the people fought against monsters 500 years ago. For a long time, Yelan has been watching over The Chasm, trying to find out what happened back then, which may be closely related to her origin. In addition, the yakshas also seem to share a deep connection with what happened in the past. In the new event Perilous Trail, you will start a new Archon Quest Interlude Chapter featuring a diverse cast of characters inside The Chasm. While Yelan, Yanfei, Itto, and Shinobu are stranded in the depths, danger also looms ahead for the Conqueror of Demons, Xiao, who is conducting his own investigation. Survive the crisis together, and follow Xiao’s steps to uncover the history buried inside The Chasm. As the story progresses, a new combat challenge Realms of Guile and War will be unlocked along with the Perilous Trail event, putting both your combat skills and party-building strategy to the test. In this new game mode, you will be facing several rounds of combat in four different domains, and each domain has its own rule to rearrange your party after every round of combat. For instance, the Direcliff Court Domain allows only one member of your current party to continue in the next round of combat, while in the Kaleidoscope Cage Domain, two current members will be banned randomly in later fights. The challenge can be daunting, so we also prepared multiple Stratagem buffs and Trial Characters for you to choose from. Bountiful rewards, including the new four-star bow Fading Twilight also await in the event shop. Besides, our old acquaintance Hosseini the Sumeru scholar is asking for help again to settle another crisis in which dark mud-like substance is spewing forth from the depths. In the A Muddy Bizarre Adventure, you need to use your Lumenstone Adjuvant and the Pursina’s Spike placed by the scholar to clear the mud, repel monsters, and complete different challenge objectives such as escorting a hot air balloon to its destination or defeating certain monsters in a limited time. Meet Yelan and Kuki Shinobu Following the debut of Yelan and Kuki Shinobu in The Chasm, you will also have the opportunity to recruit them during Version 2.7. While Yelan and Shinobu have very distinct backgrounds and stories, they’re both extremely capable and reliable characters to their friends and allies.