Arsenal have already got the ball rolling in their quest to improve the squad in this summer's transfer window with the signing of young Brazilian talent Marquinhos expected soon. Express Sport understands that the Gunners are set to complete the signing of the Sao Paulo teenage sensation in the coming weeks for a fee of roughly £2.5million. The forward made his professional debut for the club in July at the age of just 18 and has displayed his huge potential since across 39 appearances. However, Sao Paulo run the risk of losing him on a free transfer. While he signed a five-year deal in 2019, FIFA refuse to recognise first professional contracts as longer than three years and so the club need to sell this summer. And Express Sport understands that the winger is set to join Arsenal in the coming weeks with Mikel Arteta set to lose two strikers in the summer. A fee of £2.5m will be paid for his services with the north London outfit set to prise him away from the Brazilian giants for relative peanuts. However, Marquinhos will only initially be considered on the fringes of the first team with the club looking to develop his talents before regularly relying on him as a senior player. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are expected to leave the club on free transfers in the summer, leaving the north Londoners with a void to fill. READ MORE: Man Utd 'working on second deal as well as De Jong' in Ten Hag boost And Marquinhos will not replace either of the duo given he plays more out wide, so senior strikers are still wanted at the Emiratest his summer. Arteta hinted that his squad will get stronger in the next transfer window - although he claimed that the league next season will be more and more difficult with other clubs making marquee signings. “We expect that every team is going to reinforce and get better every single year," Arteta said after Erling Haaland had signed for Manchester City. "That’s been the case in the last three or four years in particular. “You can see the standard and the level of the top teams in the league, which is unprecedented in Premier League history and that’s the level. It’s only going to get more and more difficult. All the planning we have to do is to try to get to that level.” THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Marquinhos has already featured for Brazil's youth teams, and has fared well for his club this season, notching three goals in 444 minutes of football despite being just 18. And he will hope to go down fellow countryman Gabriel Martinelli's route by quickly bursting onto the scene for the Gunners and becoming a regular at first-team level.