The state pension is typically based on a National Insurance record a person has built up throughout their life. However, in this sense, there is another issue which could impact the amount a person gets. The full new state pension is worth £185.15 per week, but some people could get less than this. This could be the case even if they believe they have the full National Insurance record to unlock the total payment. The matter relates to being contracted out, which many Britons may have been before April 6, 2016. Meanwhile, the full basic state pension is £141.85 per week. READ MORE: Pension warning as Britons could run out of money Being contracted out means individuals paid lower National Insurance contributions. In return, they would have contributed into an earnings-related pension scheme at work, or a workplace, personal or stakeholder person. The Government has confirmed: “This will affect most people who have been in work.” Being contracted out means a person’s state pension starting amount may include a deduction. DON'T MISS‘Makes me angry’ Fury as England forced to pay prescription fee [INSIGHT]State pensioners to be £13,000 worse off as UK inflation soars [ANALYSIS]Martin Lewis explains how to turn £800 into £5,500 state pension [EXPLAINED] As a result, individuals may not get the amount they were expecting in retirement. Sometimes, Britons will not remember if they have been contracted out, but there is a simple way to check. The Government encourages individuals to check their old payslips which are likely to hold the key. Britons were contracted out if the National Insurance contributions line has the letter D or N next to it. If it has the letter A, then people were not contracted out. Payslips with a different letter will mean individuals need to check with their employer or pension provider. If a person has lost contact with their pension provider, then the Pension Tracing Service might be able to help. The online tool helps individuals find contact details for their old pension schemes, as long as a name of the provider is given. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, it will not tell Britons whether they have a pension, or what its value is. Certain professions are more likely to have been contracted out than others. Those who have worked in the public sector are the most likely to have been affected. This includes: Contracted out rules have now changed, it is worth noting. From April 6, 2016, people are no longer contracted out, and will pay more - the standard amount - of National Insurance.