Cam Norrie fears top stars will boycott Wimbledon after the event was stripped of ranking points and will now be “almost like an exhibition”. The ATP and WTA announced the decision on Friday following the ban on Russian and Belarusian stars after the invasion of Ukraine.  The British No.1 claimed the majority of players still wanted to earn points at the grass court Grand Slam. But world No.11 Norrie warned: “Wimbledon is still such a special event. But I think you’ll see a lot of top players not playing, just resting and getting ready for the hardcourt events. Making sure that they’re ready for those. Especially those that don’t worry too much about the money. So I could see a lot of players, well maybe a few top players, not playing because of that. It’ll be interesting to see.” Norrie added: “Obviously it’s an extremely difficult situation with everything going on with the war, but for me it's tough. Having a home slam and not having to gain any ranking points from that and the tradition of it. You're not really playing for anything, you're playing this almost like an exhibition so for me it was tough to see that and obviously it's a really tricky situation but I would have liked to see it still have points, still have something on the line.   "This changes the ranking systems a lot, they've taken away almost 6000, 5000 points from the whole system out of nowhere, so it's gonna interfere with the rankings and then a lot of players that did well at Wimbledon last year are going to be dropping. I’d say the clear majority of players want points. “I think now, especially, in my opinion, everyone’s going to take the point of view which suits them better. If you did well at Wimbledon, then you are going to think: 'There should be points or whatever'. "In my opinion, I haven’t spoken to a lot of players but I think most would be upset that there are not points.”   But former US Open champion Sloane Stephens, who is on the WTA Player Council, said: “I think the decision that was taken was the correct one. I think that there are a lot of things that happened behind the scenes that the press are not aware of, and I think there has been a lot of mishandling of how everything was handled. "I support our CEO, I support my council, I support the players. The decision that's been taken obviously wasn't taken lightly. I think when you are backed into a corner and that's all you can do, I think that's why the decision was made, and I support it. "I can tell you that we worked really hard to try to make sure that everyone had a fair opportunity to play, and at the end of the day that's not what happened. I think a lot of players and people around were misinformed about what was happening and what was actually taking place in the weeks prior to a final decision being made.” 