Emmerdale star Charley Webb has taken to Instagram to issue an apology after a clip of her and her family celebrating husband Matthew Wolfenden's birthday yesterday caused some followers to mistakenly think they were doing a gender reveal. The actress, who played Debbie Dingle in the ITV soap, was quick to clear up any speculation that she and her Emmerdale actor beau are expecting anymore children. Yesterday, Charley documented the celebrations for her husband's 42nd birthday with her 562,000 fans. Standing outside in their pajamas, the sweet clip showed the family of five letting off a confetti cannon in celebrations of Matthew's birthday. Charley held her youngest, Ace, while Buster and Bowie stood with their father as he released the gold decorations. They could all be seen grinning as the confetti was released into the air, with one of their brood putting his hands over his ears following the loud pop. READ MORE: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update The mother of three wrote: "Happy birthday @matthewwolfenden55." However, in her next story, Charley quickly clarified that the canon was for her beau's birthday and not for any other reason. She wrote: "Two things. "One, that is not a gender reveal, I've had about 58,013 messages. Sorry about that. "Two, when does the heat wave start?" she added. It comes after Charley revealed that their youngest son, Ace, refuses to call the Emmerdale actor "daddy", instead referring to him by his first name. The soap star explained the reason behind Ace’s decision after sharing in an earlier post that Matthew had left notes for all their children on the kitchen counter. However, eagle-eye fans spotted that Ace’s note had been signed off with his dad’s name instead of “daddy” like the other children’s messages. DON'T MISS... Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [INSIGHT]Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan hits back at 'wokies' amid reports of plummeting ratings [UPDATE] Charley then decided to publicly reply to all the fans that had reached out voicing their confusion. She said: “[…] I’ve had so many messages saying, ‘why does Matthew’s note to Ace say, ‘to Ace, love Matthew,’ and not daddy?’ “That is because Ace has decided that he wasn’t going to call him ‘daddy’ anymore. “He calls him Matthew. Like, not all the time but probably about 95 percent of the time," Charley revealed. Explaining why Ace decided to call his dad by his first name, she added: “And because he knows what Matthew doesn’t like, he does it more. "It is quite funny." The mum-of-three concluded: “But yeah, Ace is not one to follow a rule. In fact, none of my kids are.”