Lewis Hamilton made a mid-race helmet change during the second red flag period in a bid to save his Monaco Grand Prix. The Mercedes star had started the race wearing a new all-white helmet design which he made especially for the weekend. The design was part of a collaboration with artist Daniel Arsham and was inspired by Hamilton’s favourite crystal, amethyst. However, halfway through the race Hamilton went back to his traditional all-yellow 2022 design. The switch was spotted by savvy social media users who appeared shocked Hamilton made the random change. Twitter user @gardentine said: “Hamilton changed helmets. WHY.” Another added: “Lewis Hamilton playing spot the difference with his helmet.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton demands talks with FIA over delayed Monaco start @kikikimi051 said: “How many times will Lewis Hamilton switch helmets this weekend.” Another user added: “The FIA are going to make a big deal out of Hamilton changing his helmet mid race… just wait for it." Meanwhile, @amruth92 questioned: "Hamilton using two different helmet designs in one race. Is this the first time that has ever happened?” Despite the rarity of a driver changing helmets mid-race weekend, it has happened before. One of the most notable incidents was when David Coulthard wore one of Michael Schumacher’s helmets at the 1996 Monaco Grand Prix, despite the pair racing on different teams. DON'T MISSRosberg calls out Dier live on air for changing mind on Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton angry after Esteban Ocon collision at Monaco GP [ANALYSIS]Ocon explains why he clipped Hamilton during 'hard' Monaco battle [COMMENT] The British star claimed he could not see out of his helmet in the wet conditions and approached the Ferrari man for help. He previously said: “In the warmup, I just couldn’t see, my helmet at the time did not [have] the double visor which helped with fogging, so I went to Michael and asked him if I could borrow a helmet which is a very unusual thing to do.” Hamilton finished the race in eighth position after a difficult weekend for the Silver Arrows. He was stuck behind the Alpine of Esteban Ocon during the opening phase of the Grand Prix and the pair even made contact at one stage. Towards the end of the race, the seven-time champion was then stuck behind former rival Fernando Alonso and failed to get through. Hamilton said: “That was one of those days in Monaco – stuck behind other cars for most of the race and, in the end, just cruising but not able to overtake. I was glad when the rain came because that usually creates opportunities, unfortunately, it didn’t play out that way and we couldn’t get past Ocon when I was running on the intermediates. It’s been a tough weekend.”