The Instagram posts Coleen Rooney made in a deliberate attempt to ensnare the mystery person she believed was leaking stories about her, have been revealed in court. Coleen invented false stories about herself and her family and posted them online, eventually only making them visible to Rebekah Vardy’s account - and she says the information still made its way into The Sun - though Rebekah has denied being the leak. As Rebekah sues former friend Coleen for defamation in the trial that has been dubbed ‘Wagatha Christie’, Coleen’s posts have been released in court. One Instagram Story was a photo taken from inside a busy pub, Ri Ra Georgetown, in which Coleen professed she “took kids home” because they “finally had a babysitter” (sic). In another, Coleen claimed she was making “TV decisions today” and considering a move to Australia. She then wrote another post which claimed she was “sky diving and at the driving range with Kai,” one of her sons. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty bids farewell as Dan Walker exits BBC Breakfast Another photo Coleen posted on her private account showed her “reunited for a few days” with her sons and husband Wayne. She had also posted a screenshot of a story in The Sun claiming she had undergone gender selection in a “desperate bid to have baby girl”, claiming it was true but that they had decided against it, opting instead for the “natural way”. Other false stories Coleen posted about her own life included that she was “escaping the measle outbreak in Washington”. Previously in the trial, the court was also shown another Instagram Story Coleen had posted, professing that the basement of their new house had leaked - untrue, but a story that ended up in The Sun. Captions in other sweet family snaps revealed they were travelling to the US “for dad” on a “flying visit”, that she was “missing” Wayne, and that they had been on site to their new house which was being built. The court was also shown furious text messages between Rebekah and Jamie as they discussed stories in the press. “Makes my blood boil,” wrote Rebekah. “It’s like attack us as much as possible,” (sic) agreed Jamie. DON'T MISS...Rebekah Vardy could be entitled to 'substantial damages' from Rooney [INSIGHT] Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home [LATEST]Nine Rebekah Vardy Whatsapp bombshells from sex scandal to arrest [REVEALED] Another of Coleen’s posts to her Instagram grid contained text which read: “After years of my personal Instagram posts getting leaked to the SUN newspaper….. I’ve finally cracked it and know exactly who’s account it is !!! “My work is done and the comeback was exactly what I expected….other people in the public eye have had suspicions aswell of things happening to them,” (sic). Rebekah has denied leaking information about Coleen to The Sun, and last week stormed out of court in tears before Coleen’s lawyer had finished his closing argument. Lawyer David Sherborne had accused Rebekah Vardy of destroying evidence. Sherborne had also accused her of tampering with evidence by intentionally deleting WhatsApp messages between herself and her agent, Caroline Watt. "It was done to cover up incriminating evidence," he told the court. "Mrs Vardy deliberately deleted those messages to cover up the collusion between her and Ms Watt.'' The trial continues.