Tottenham manager Antonio Conte is reportedly keen to sign John McGinn from Aston Villa this summer to bolster his midfield. Spurs have been in stellar form since the Italian took the helm and will qualify for next season’s Champions League if they beat Norwich on Sunday. Conte is a man who likes to be backed in the transfer market to ensure he can build a team that can succeed. And in January he persuaded club chiefs to sign winger Dejan Kulusevski on an initial 18-month loan and his Juventus team-mate Rodrigo Bentancur on a permanent four-and-a-half year deal. The 52-year-old will have good grounds to demand more signings if he can guide the Lilywhites to Europe’s top tier competition. And Express Sport takes a look at Spurs’ dazzling new XI if Conte completes the transfer of McGinn and two other reported targets. Goalkeeper - Lloris The future of goalkeeper Hugo Lloris was up in the air earlier this year as his contract was set to expire this summer. But the 2018 World Cup winner has since penned a new deal and will be back between the posts next season. READ MORE: Man Utd stars told what to expect as Daley Blind sends Ten Hag plea  Defence - Gvardiol, Romero, Dier The Tottenham defence has looked shaky at times this season but has vastly improved since the club appointed Conte last autumn. And the Spurs boss will be desperate for reinforcements in the summer. RB Leipzig centre-back Josko Gvardiol has been named as a target, with the German outfit said to be looking for around £42million for the 20-year-old. And if Conte can get his hands on the ace, he could line-up alongside Cristian Romero, who has enjoyed a fine debut campaign in north London after being named as the best defender in Serie A last season, and Eric Dier, who has found a new lease of life under his current manager. Midfield - Spence, McGinn, Bentancur, Sessegnon If Conte can thrash out a deal with McGinn, the Scotland international would slot into the Spurs midfield alongside Bentancur. Bentancur has missed just one Premier League game since arriving in the capital and has helped Conte transform his team during the second half of the season. The presence of Bentancur would allow McGinn to push forward and create havoc in the final third with his prodigious passing and shooting abilities. DON'T MISS Inside Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's dinner with Daniel Levy as eight stars up for sale Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may have confirmed imminent transfer exit in Southampton win Manchester United 'in pole position' to give Erik ten Hag £85m transfer gift   Meanwhile, Conte could push to complete a move for wing-back Djed Spence, who will return to Middlesbrough once his loan spell with Nottingham Forest comes to an end later this month. Spence has been linked with Spurs and Arsenal in recent months but could opt for the white half of north London if they secure Champions League football at the expense of their neighbours. If the 21-year-old does arrive at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, he would be tasked with providing the width down the right, with Ryan Sessegnon doing the same on the opposite flank. Forwards - Son, Kulusevski, Kane It’s hard to find a better front three anywhere in the world than Tottenham possess, with Son Heung-min in the frame to land this season’s Premier League Golden Boot after notching 21 times since the start of the campaign. Kulusevski has proved to be an inspired signing and has contributed three top flight goals and eight assists since moving to England. The duo would be just as important next season for Conte, with prolific goalscorer Harry Kane also sticking around to lead the line. And with that team, the former Chelsea and Inter Milan boss might even believe he can give Manchester City and Liverpool a run for their money at the top of the table. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  