The Eurovision Song Contest is airing its semi-finals this week with the main event showing on Saturday, May 14 at 8pm on BBC One. The UK didn't exactly have the best year in 2021 as James Newman came dead last, scoring nothing with either the music juries and the public vote. For 2022, it will be TikTok famous Sam Ryder who will be waving the Union Jack flag in the hope of doing his country proud. Sam Ryder was one of the many artists who rose to fame during the coronavirus pandemic through social media. He started filming and posting videos of him performing covers on TikTok and it wasn't too long before he won himself a legion of followers, now racking up to 12.4million. Ryder has sung music from the likes of Lady Gaga, Rihanna, The Weekend and Adele just to name a few. But when questioned on who he would like to collaborate with in the future, the 32-year-old had his answer at the ready. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final Ryder explained: "Sia would be amazing, the reason why, not only is she incredible as a singer, musician, writer, person, she was the first person to root for me on social media in lockdown. "Justin Bieber sent my video to her and she then posted it on her Instagram page with a really lovely, encouraging, kind comment underneath it. "I think it would be amazing to finish the circle and get together in real life and sing together. "That would just be a dream come true," the Eurovision hopeful added. Sia, most recognisable for her over-the-top wigs hiding her face, spent years in the background writing songs for some of the world's biggest artists. These included Beyonce, Christina Aguilera, Britney Spears, Rihanna, Jennifer Lopez and Kelly Clarkson. In 2000, Sia finally stepped into the limelight herself and has since had a flourishing career with hits such as Chandelier, Unstoppable, Cheap Thrills and Elastic Heart. She is also the vocalist on David Guetta's Titanium and Flo Rida's Wild Ones. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Moira Barton and Faith Dingle [THEORY]Sam Ryder Eurovision act to pay tribute to David Bowie [TRIBUTE]Eurovision final 2022: Sam Ryder rejects 'toxic' UK-Europe dynamic [EXPLAINER] When he takes to the stage this weekend, Ryder will be performing his song Space Man. He co-wrote the Eurovision entry song with award-winning songwriter Amy Wadge. She is best known for working with Ed Sheeran on the Thinking Out Loud single in 2014. But will Space Man be able to do the trick and move UK up to the top of the leaderboard? According to Betfair Exchange, the United Kingdom is in the running for the grand prize with 15/2 odds of winning. Closely following are host country Italy with 9/1 and Sweden with 11/1. The most likely to win going by the bookies though is Ukraine's Kalush Orchestra with 4/6. The Eurovision Song Contest finale airs on Saturday, May 14, at 8pm on BBC One.