  Actress Amber Heard, 36, took to the stand earlier this week in the ongoing libel case brought against her by ex-husband Johnny Depp, 58. While on the stand, she unexpectedly name-dropped Johnny’s ex-girlfriend, British supermodel Kate Moss, 48.    While on the stand on Thursday, Amber suddenly brought up Johnny’s ex Kate, alleging once again that the actor once pushed the British supermodel down the stairs. During the trial, Amber has accused the Pirates of the Caribbean actor of being violent and sexually abusive towards her In turn, Johnny’s team have said that she was simply giving “the performance of her life”. During day two of her testimony in Fairfax, Virginia, Amber detailed a number of violent fights she and Johnny allegedly got into during their relationship.      While she was speaking about their fights, the Aquaman actress briefly mentioned Kate, explaining how she had supposedly punched Johnny in the face for the first time due to his previous actions against the model. Amber recalled when she punched her ex-husband, claiming it was out of fear he was going to shove her sister Whitney down a staircase. She claimed that they had been fighting on the mezzanine of the stairs in one his many penthouses in March 2015 when her sister attempted to separate the argument. Amber said of Whitney: “She threw herself in the line of fire.     “She was trying to get Johnny to stop. Her back was to the staircase, and Johnny swings at her. “I don’t hesitate and wait — I instantly think of Kate Moss and stairs.” This is not the first time Amber has claimed Johnny pushed his ex Kate down the stairs. She first made the allegation when she testified during Johnny’s previous defamation trial in the UK in 2020. Describing the same fight involving her sister, she told the UK court: “I remembered information I had heard [that] he pushed a former girlfriend — I believe it was Kate Moss — down the stairs.       “I had heard this rumour from two people and it was fresh in my mind.” Kate and Johnny dated between 1994 and 1998 and the model has never publicly addressed Amber’s claim. During that trial, Johnny’s lawyers accused Amber of lying about the Kate “rumour” and of including it in her testimony at the last minute out of spite. Johnny’s lawyer said Amber had never previously mentioned the claim, including in her deposition, and witness statements ahead of that trial.      Johnny is currently in the process of suing his ex-wife in a $50 million libel case over an article she wrote in The Washington Post in 2018. In the article, Amber claimed to be a domestic violence survivor, though she didn't name Johnny as the perpetrator. Amber is also counter-suing her ex-husband for $100 million and trial is expected to last six weeks. Express.co.uk have contacted Kate Moss for further comment.   