Manchester United reportedly think Harry Maguire and Raphael Varane can both be better when Erik ten Hag arrives. The club want to sign a new centre-back in this summer’s transfer window. But, despite that stance, it appears the duo are primed to stay. Maguire has gone off the boil this season, with the United star failing to justify his £80million price tag with many inconsistent performances. And while Varane has been a calming presence at centre-back, he’s not had the transformative impact many had hoped when he arrived from Real Madrid. Both men will be managed by Ten Hag next season after the Dutchman agreed to quit Ajax in order to work at Old Trafford. And, now, the National say United have high hopes for the pair going forward. Maguire’s status as club captain remains in the balance, with some calling on either Cristiano Ronaldo or David De Gea to get the armband. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Yet it’s stated United believe Maguire can get ‘back to the level he was at a year ago’ before injury hampered him. Regarding Varane, there’s said to be a ‘hope’ the France international will have a much better season in England than his first. And while United are being linked with numerous centre-backs, ranging from Pau Torres to Jurrien Timber, it seems these two players are set to stay. That said, United are still likely to lose three defenders at the end of the campaign. Eric Bailly only penned a new deal 12 months ago after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer deemed him worthy of keeping. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag However, the Ivory Coast international has been restricted to just four Premier League appearances in the time since. And that means he’s likely to leave United behind, with former club Villarreal one of the teams linked. Phil Jones is one of the club’s longest-serving players having been with the Red Devils since arriving from Blackburn in 2011. But injuries have regularly hampered the England international, preventing him from fulfilling his true potential. And Jones is likely to be cut loose as United look to get even more money off their wage bill that can go towards new recruits. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Axel Tuanzebe was once tipped for a bright future at United after impressing at academy level. But after poor loan spells at Aston Villa and Napoli this term, the centre-back is facing the exit door. Meanwhile, regarding Maguire, United legend Paul Parker recently called on the former Leicester star to ‘go back to basics’. He stated: "Harry Maguire is his own worst enemy because he’s trying to do things that he shouldn’t be doing." "He has to remember he is not playing for Hull City or Leicester anymore, he is playing for Manchester United. “I think he’s got to go back to basics. He has to defend properly, learn to defend properly. He’s gotta sort out his own game, first and foremost. “He’s the captain, but I think that needs to be removed. "Harry Maguire can’t lead himself at the moment, so he needs to get his game in order because if he tried to lead as a captain and tell people what they’re doing wrong, I think that they’ll be about listening, with another player.”