Breaking Bad prequel Better Call Saul is nearing its end with the show airing its midseason finale this week. The episode titled Plan and Execution is going to be broadcast this evening (May 23) on AMC and AMC+ in the US, with the show then dropping on Netflix UK. After Plan and Execution, there will be a short break in the run before the final six episodes start airing. So far, episodes of Better Call Saul air in America on US network AMC and the broadcaster’s streaming platform AMC+ on Mondays at 9pm ET. Netflix UK and Ireland has the rights to Better Call Saul in Britain and releases episodes on a Tuesday. AMC has already confirmed the midseason premiere for Better Call Saul season six as July 11. This means fans on this side of the Pond will have to wait until July 12 for the show to return. READ MORE: Better Call Saul season 6, episode 6: What time is the episode out? Both the season premiere and the midseason premiere were confirmed by AMC back in February, along with the news the last outing would be divided in half. Season six consists of 13 instalments, making it the longest run of Better Call Saul to date. A trailer for episode eight has yet to be released but is likely to be dropped at the end of Plan and Execution, Express.co.uk will update this article when one becomes available. A short summary for the midseason finale from Rotten Tomatoes reads: “Jimmy and Kim deal with a last-minute snag in their plan.” Better Call Saul showrunner Peter Gould said of the final cycle: “In my eyes, this is our most ambitious, surprising and, yes, heartbreaking season. “Even under incredibly challenging circumstances, the whole Saul team — writers, cast, producers, directors and crew — have outdone themselves.” He added in a statement: “I couldn’t be more excited to share what we’ve accomplished together.” Lead star Odenkirk has also teased: "In the final season of Better Call Saul, Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul have never been more entwined.” The star continued to Entertainment Weekly: "It's just amazing how many overlaps they've discovered and mined for this season of our show. It's stunning! And it's going to be cool. “For people who watch this, it's going to be like, 'I gotta go watch Breaking Bad again,' as soon as they're done, they're gonna have to press play on Breaking Bad, because there's just so much interaction now. More than any other season. By a lot." SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz sends support as co-star lands role [UPDATE]Samuel West famous family: Meet the Siegfried Farnon star's siblings [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [ANALYSIS] Once Better Call Saul returns after its short break, it will continue to air weekly with the series finale on August 15. Although the show may be coming to a close, AMC has already teased details of another story from the Breaking Bad prequel universe. From the producers of Rick and Marty comes animated show Slippin’ Jimmy, which follows the misadventures of a young Jimmy McGill (played by Bob Odenkirk) and his friends in 1970s Chicago. Slippin’ Jimmy will consist of six episodes and told in the style of 1970s cartoons with each instalment paying tribute to a different film genre, according to Variety. The other Breaking Bad-related show coming to screens is Cooper’s Bar, starring Better Call Saul actress Rhea Seehorn. Cooper’s Bar not only stars Seehorn but the actress also serves as a producer and director. The show follows character actor Cooper (Lou Mustillo) and the L.A. regulars who frequent the titular watering hole. Seehorn will be portraying a Tinseltown executive, whom the star has described as “the biggest d*** in Hollywood”. Along with these two new digital shows, there are going to be some more Better Call Saul Employee training videos to delight fans. Better Call Saul season 6 is streaming on AMC+ in the US and Netflix UK now