Residents of the market town of Thornbury in Gloucestershire are angry the high street has been closed to through traffic. The banning of cars on the street has cost South Gloucestershire Council a whopping £4million. Thornbury’s high street used to be bustling with people – both pedestrians and drivers often stopping at a few shops to have a chat and a look around but not anymore. Since cars have been banned from driving down the street, the town centre has been described as a “ghost town” by many locals. Many have opposed the scheme the council has spent so much funding on. John Riddiford, whose grandfather bought a shop on the high street in 1929, said: “It’s sheer madness. READ MORE: Drivers warned of severe delays on roads this weekend “The town’s soul has gone. People used to pull up in their car to spend £20 and have a chat. Not anymore.” The street was closed in June 2020, after Transport Secretary Grant Shapps promised millions of pounds for his green transport revolution, which aimed to promote social distancing, walking, and cycling. Security guards have also been hired by the council to bar motorists from accessing the streets. Planters have also been put in place to block parking spaces, and a cycle lane was created. DON'T MISS: Elderly drivers should take 'eyesight tests' to stay on the road [REVEAL] Britain scrapping major EU driving law would create 'more problems' [INSIGHT] 'Awful' pavement parking chaos causing residents to battle for spaces [SHOCKING] Since the street’s closure to traffic, petitions have filled shop windows and protests have taken place in the town. But these have yet to persuade council leader Toby Savage, who has said the closure was “popular”. However, the council’s consultation showed that 65 percent of the 2,890 people who responded were opposed to pedestrianisation, while only 29 percent approved of it. Since 2020, the council has introduced a one-way route on the street, but only for buses, deliveries, collection, and drop-offs. A few disabled parking spots have also been put in place. Some shopkeepers have said the lack of traffic has meant a lack of business too. Timbercraft, a bathroom and kitchen store, is closing down after 13 years. Managing director Paul Ruddick told The Telegraph: “Since the road closed, footfall and passing traffic dried up. We’ve seen a massive downturn in business.” Christine Stone of Hawkins of Thornbury, a hardware shop, added trade had fallen because visitors “are no longer funnelled along the high street”. Last week, a parish poll was held to see if locals wanted the street restored to the way it was before June 2020. Of the 2,567 who voted, 1,852 residents – or 72 percent – wanted the street to go back to being open to cars, while 707 people – or 28 percent – wanted it to remain closed. A council spokesperson said South Gloucestershire Council believes in democratic processes and “continually listened to feedback”. After the high street closed, a Facebook group was created to promote small businesses on the street. The group’s description read: “Thornbury High Street might be closed to traffic but it is definitely open for business and we will be looking to hold events to promote local business and the high street as a shopping destination for all.” On Saturday, June 4, local crafters and small holders will gather on the street to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, with a party held for and by locals.