Marius Bear, 29, has issued a thank you message to Sam Ryder after this year’s Eurovision Song Contest. It comes after the UK entry consoled the Switzerland contestant after he received nil points from the general public. Although Marius was popular with the jury and received favourably, he didn’t receive enough votes from the public to add any votes on to his televote total. After seeing that Marius didn’t take it too well, Sam went to comfort him on the night. Marius could be seen resting his head on Sam’s shoulder as the singer gave him a talk. Before running back to his seat, Marius gave Sam a kiss on the cheek. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 The Swiss candidate then went on to share the moment on TikTok, captioning it alongside a heart emoji: “When Sam Ryder picked me up at my lowest”. He added: “Eurovision provides moments like this. “Sam Ryder, thank you for being the loveliest man in Space.” For the competition, Marius performed Boys Do Cry. Sam came second in the song contest, shortly behind Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra, who came first. As Twitter piled in with messages congratulating Sam, Scott Mills shared a video of himself with Rylan Clark behind the scenes. The three of them stood with their arms around each other as Sam spoke about “destroying the stigma”. “Just destroyed the stigma! Thanks everyone for supporting," he said to the camera. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] “That was an incredible, incredible, rewarding journey. “I hope you enjoyed it!” He also told Metro.co.uk he was frustrated by the “negative stigma” attached to relations between the UK and the rest of Europe. Sam specifically made reference to the view perpetuated which suggests that Europe “doesn’t like” the UK. He added: “There’s other countries like Norway, they’ve lost 11 times. “God bless Norway – but they don’t have that. Do you know what I mean?” 2022’s Eurovision song contest began on Tuesday 10th of May and ended on Saturday the 14th of May. The results were Ukraine and the United Kingdom in first and second place followed by Spain, Sweden and Serbia in third, fourth and fifth respectively.