Carlos Alcaraz has rejected Novak Djokovic’s claim that he is the 'best player in the world' this year and put the pressure straight back on the world No 1 by claiming that the Serb is the greatest. After defeating Djokovic and Rafael Nadal back-to-back en route to the Madrid Masters title, the world No 6 is now ahead of the defending champion in the bookies’ favourites for the upcoming French Open. Djokovic piled the pressure on Alcaraz ahead of the French Open as he claimed the 19-year-old was without question 'the best player in the world this year' after losing his first meeting with the Spaniard 6-7(5) 7-5 7-6(5) in the Madrid Open semi-final on Saturday, but Alcaraz has rejected the Serb’s claim. “No, the truth is that I don't think so,” the new world No 6 said of the 20-time Major champion’s bold statement, speaking to Marca. “For me the best in the world is the one who is No 1 and is the one who deserves it,” he added, throwing the baton back to Djokovic amid the pre-French Open mind games. The five-time title winner said he would not be the best until he reached the No 1 spot himself, despite the praise from the Serb. He continued: “Now there is Djokovic, I am six, I have five left to be the best in the world.” JUST IN: Emma Raducanu confirms first match on British soil since US Open win Djokovic is the reigning French Open champion but claimed the teenager was already one of the favourites to challenge him for the title this year. “[At] Roland Garros, he's definitely one of the main favourites, no doubt, even though he has never reached the second week of a Grand Slam,” the 20-time Major champion said. “With everything recently that he has achieved, he deserves to be one of the favourites.” While Alcaraz had dispelled claims he was the best player, he did admit that he was gunning for the French Open title and already has the Grand Slam tournament in mind, withdrawing from this week’s Rome Masters to get some rest in before his quest for his biggest title yet. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu left in hysterics after accidentally swearing in ItalianDenis Shapovalov screams 'shut the f*** up' at Italian Open crowd'Loner' Emma Raducanu provides injury update ahead of Italian Open   “Winning here gives me a lot of confidence ahead of Roland Garros and it's something I have as my goal,” the new world No 6 said after lifting his fourth title of the season. “My goal this year is to win a Grand Slam and hopefully it will be in Paris.” He doubled down on his Grand Slam quest when touching on his goals for the rest of the season, adding: “Keep winning games like the ones I won in Madrid, keep winning titles. My goal until the end of the year is to try to win one of the three remaining Grand Slams. It is a great motivation for me and I will fight for it.”