The Queen's main base has been Windsor Castle in Berkshire for several years, making it her administrative hub while major renovations are underway at Buckingham Palace. But when the Queen needs a rest and seeks a well-deserved break from her royal bubble, she is known to flee to the comfort of Scotland or Norfolk to spend some time in nature. Express.co.uk explores the three beloved homes the Queen has spent much of her reign at.  Balmoral Castle is one of two private residences owned by the Queen, and it is located in Royal Deeside in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. The Queen has spent many of her summers at Balmoral, and the late Prince Philip would often join the Queen there and they would receive visits from members of the Royal Family. The incumbent prime minister of the day has also traditionally spent time with the Queen at Balmoral every year.  READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan's Netflix Jubilee plans ruined The castle was purchased by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in 1852, and generations of royals have enjoyed the property since. The Queen's granddaughter Princess Eugenie once said the Queen is "most happy there", and that she "really, really loves the Highlands." She added: "Walks, picnics, dogs – a lot of dogs, there’s always dogs – and people coming in and out all the time. "It’s a lovely base for Granny and Grandpa, for us to come and see them up there; where you just have room to breathe and run."   Sandringham House is the Queen's private country residence in Norfolk, and it is situated within the 8,000 hectare Sandringham Estate. Sandringham was the country residence of Queen Victoria's eldest son, King Edward VII, and he passed the property on to his son, King George V. King George V and King George VI were both known to adore the property, and both kings died while in residence at Sandringham. The Queen has traditionally spent Christmas at Sandringham for decades, and members of the Royal Family often join her for the festivities. The royals visit the nearby church of St Mary Magdalene for the Christmas Day service, where they meet local residents who line the path to the church to say hello.  DON'T MISS:Queen Mathilde pretty in pink wearing Dries Van Noten last night [PICTURES]Prince Harry told to prove he cares about ‘ailing grandmother' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle £32m wedding ‘step on ladder of fame’  [ANALYSIS] Wood Farm is a modest home tucked out of sight on the Queen's Sandringham Estate. After retiring from royal duties in 2017, Prince Philip spent many of his later years at Wood Farm where he painted and reportedly ran a truffle farm. The Queen has since spent the 70th anniversary of her accession at Sandringham this year, and it is also where she spent her 96th birthday in April. 