Manchester United could submit an official bid for RB Leipzig's Christopher Nkunku as early as next week, according to reports from Germany. The France international attacker, who was recently named Bundesliga Player of the Season following a barnstorming individual campaign, is considered to be a popular choice amongst the United hierarchy with Ralf Rangnick now said to be pushing for a deal after moving upstairs into his consultancy role.  He knows the player well from his time at RB Leipzig and was involved in the operation that saw the German club sign Nkunku from Paris Saint-Germain in the summer of 2019. Now Nkunku is a household name in world football following an exceptional season that saw him rack up 35 goals and 20 assists in all competitions, as Leipzig won the DFB Pokal. His electric form has placed United on red alert as they target a fresh injection of attacking quality, as discussions continue with his representatives over a potential mega-money transfer. According to Sky Germany, an opening offer could arrive as soon as next week from United as they look to entice Leipzig into another significant, profitable sale. READ MORE: Manchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next season However, Leipzig have already made it clear they have no intentions to sell their star man before the start of the 2022/23 season. In fact, they want to extend the Frenchman's contract and are prepared to make him the club's highest-paid player following his outstanding contributions last term. The likes of Chelsea and Manchester City, who Nkunku netted a hat-trick against in this season's Champions League group stages, have also monitored the player. Chelsea are reportedly confident their interest can disrupt Nkunku's contract talks with the German outfit. Additionally, Thomas Tuchel is set to be handed a summer war chest worth in excess of £200m - meaning the cash is there to spend once the takeover has been completed. READ MOREManchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next seasonPau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transferManchester United can kill two birds with one stone for Erik ten Hag with £45m transfer Nkunku is contracted with Leipzig until 2024 and director Oliver Mintzlaff is adamant the club won't entertain a sale. He said: "We have clearly discussed it internally: We won't let Nkunku leave this summer, we told him and his agent." The 24-year-old can play in a wide range of attacking positions and is comfortable on either wing. Most of the time, Nkunku has operated as a second striker or centre-forward this season but he can also play as the No 10. United are looking to shake things up in attack following a disappointing season in front of goal. The Red Devils incredibly finished on a goal difference of zero after recording their lowest-ever Premier League points tally. That's why Ten Hag is keen to recruit some extra firepower to support Cristiano Ronaldo, who hit 24 goals in all competitions this season. The future of Mason Greenwood remains unclear after his bail was recently extended by Greater Manchester Police. Marcus Rashford is also facing a decisive season at the club with his United future currently under threat. Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata and Edinson Cavani are also set to leave the club upon the expiry of their contracts in June.