Cleaning your oven is one of those easy-to-put-off tasks, until you realise you’ve neglected your oven and the door is so covered in brown stains that you can hardly see inside. Luckily, cleaning your oven door can be made easier - and you probably already have the solution in your bathroom cupboard. Fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have shared on dedicated cleaning pages how to clean oven door glass without the need of fancy cleaning products. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean the inside of her oven door glass. Lauren Harris wrote: “Best cleaner for glass oven door (inside).” Unsightly brown stains can build up on your oven door, making it look drab and dirty. These brown stains are caused by food residue and grease from the food you cook in the oven, which sticks to the door of the oven. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to ‘easily’ clean oven glass ‘properly’ - ‘no scrubbing’ By cleaning that brown stained oven, it can look like a sparkling new appliance, making the world of difference to your kitchen. Cleaning your oven regularly doesn’t just make it look better, but can actually improve the appliance’s efficiency. So, if you’re feeling embarrassed by the brown streaks on your oven door, now’s the time to tackle them. Mrs Hinch fans were quick to comment on “cheap” ways to tackle the task, with the most popular solution being to use shaving foam. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to get rid of ants in homes - ‘kills them’ [COMMENT]Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [TIPS]Lawn: Alan Titchmarsh shares preparation tips for sowing lawn seeds [EXPERT] Renee Williams said: “I used shaving cream and left it less than five minutes, then just rinsed off. It blew my mind how well it worked and I didn’t even need to scrub at all.” Judy Taylor commented: “Just done fine with shaving foam left for about an hour then washed off, works great and is cheaper than most oven cleaning products.” Verity Deer suggested: “Use shaving foam, it’s cheap and gets the job done in less than five minutes.” Jinny West wrote: “Seen the shaving foam tip on here and tried it last night, my oven glass is now gleaming.” Heidi Durrant said: “I use shaving foam with a rolled up bit of kitchen foil . Works Brilliantly!” Heather Gooding advised: “Shaving cream is a must for those looking for a cheap way to clean ovens. “You’ll be able to see results in seconds.” Kay Hanley added: “The mess slipped right off the oven’s surface when I used shaving foam to clean the glass.” The shaving cream penetrates the grease and grime and softens it to the point that it lets go of its hold. The next popular solution was to use dishwasher tablets. Trace Johnson said: “Dishwasher tablet, wet the door and rub the dishwasher tablet over leave for a few minutes. Then wipe off and repeat if necessary, I used the cheap ones from Tesco.” Julie Kennedy commented: “Dishwasher tablet got mine new and was pretty bad.” Cheryl Haines instructed: “Wet dishwasher tablet and rub, you will be shocked.”