Dele Alli's floundering career could be dealt another blow as Everton are reportedly hoping to sell the midfield flop before transfer bonuses are triggered. Tottenham would be set to receive millions if Alli reaches certain milestones for the Toffees but the club are now planning to get rid of him despite only signing the midfielder months ago. Frank Lampard and Alli both arrived at Goodison Park on January deadline day, with fans hopeful that the duo would propel their side out of relegation danger. Lampard's last job was with Chelsea, and Alli was one of the Premier League's hottest properties at his height with Spurs. But neither made a dramatic impact straight away as the Toffees were dragged into a relegation dogfight. A recent purple patch has left them in a promising position, however, sitting two points clear of the drop with two matches to play. Despite his pedigree, Alli played only a minor part in the resurgence having registered zero goals or assists in his nine appearances thus far. Now, The Sun claim that Everton would be willing to cash in this summer, just months after tabling a two-and-a-half year contract, if they can get £20million. JUST IN: Nottingham Forest fan arrested for assault on Billy Sharp that left him 'bleeding' The development will come as a blow not just for Alli, who has seen his personal stock tumble in recent years, but for Tottenham too. In January, the Lilywhites let the 26-year-old go on an initial free transfer that would rise to £10m after 20 appearances and a small bonus after 10. If the midfielder met every milestone in the deal, Spurs could receive a whopping £40m, but with just a handful of appearances to his name, they may be out of pocket. A 25 per cent sell-on clause would head to north London, but it remains to be seen whether Everton would be able to land the £20m they are holding out for. DON'T MISS: Martin Tyler delights fans with claim Liverpool may need 'F1 race director' to seal title  The past few seasons have been extremely rocky for Alli, failing to hit more than 20 league appearances since 2019/20 and falling short of doubles figures in goals since 2017/18. His plight has taken many by surprise given his early performances at the top level, which saw him net 46 goals in his first three seasons and rack up 37 England caps. Spurs will surely be keeping a close eye on developments at Goodison Park, given that Alli's future will have a direct impact on their finances. Antonio Conte is due to sit down with chairman Daniel Levy at the end of the season with transfer funds on the agenda, so pocketing some extra cash from Merseyside would come as a welcome bonus.  Alli has faced fierce criticism in recent months, with Graeme Sounness claiming that Everton is his 'last chance saloon' and Stan Collymore urging the 26-year-old to retire if his heart is no longer in football. Lampard, meanwhile, recently delivered an honest assessment of why Alli has slipped down the pecking order during Everton's tense run-in. "It’s an area of the squad where we have other players who have been playing, that’s just the reality of the situation," he said. "He needs to just keep training hard and stay really well focused and fight for the opportunity."