Appearing on Good Morning Britain earlier today, the Prime Minister answered questions from journalist Susanna Reid. These questions addressed the cost of living crisis, the war in Ukraine and the various scandals plaguing Westminster. Specifically, Boris Johnson was posed with questions regarding the ongoing energy bill crisis with the GMB host providing real-life examples of people who are struggling to make ends meet. Last month, the energy price cap was raised by industry regulator Ofgem which will result in the average household bill going up by £693. Various demographics are more likely to struggle with the continuing energy bill hike, including pensioners and unpaid carers. Susanna Reid shared with Mr Johnson the plight of one family who has seen their energy bills rise by an extortionate £450. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years Speaking to the Prime Minister, Ms Reid said: “Dan and his wife are parents and full-time carers to two disabled daughters. “One is severely disabled with cerebral palsy, brain damaged, deaf, paralysed and partially blind. “For her treatment and to keep her comfortable, the family has a range of different electrical machines used on a daily basis. “Some of them are on 24 hours a day which means their energy bills are, of course, high. Their energy bills have gone up to £450 a month.”  After sharing the plight of Dan and his family, Susanna Reid asked Boris what Dan and his family should cut back on. In response, the Prime Minister said: “We are looking at particular arrangements to support those who may be using dialysis machines or who may have high requirements of electricity because of their medical conditions. “I totally understand that hardship. I know this may sound frustrating because people think we need money now.” Despite the ongoing pressures being placed on unpaid carers, benefit payment options are available to those who are most in need. One of the benefit payment rates raised by the Government earlier this year was Carer’s Allowance. increased later this year for those who are eligible. Provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), the rate of Carer’s Allowance went up by 3.1 percent in line with inflation. This represents an increase of £2 per week, from £67.60 this year to an estimated £69.70 per week in the 2022/23 tax year. As a result, Carer’s Allowance claimants have seen their payments raised by £132 per week if they look after someone for 35 hours per week. Caring responsibilities can include cooking, cleaning, managing household bills, shopping and taking the person the carer is looking after to doctor appointments. To qualify for this particular benefit, unpaid carers must be looking after someone who is already on certain benefits. These benefits include the daily living component of the Personal Independence Payment, the middle or highest care rate of Disability Living Allowance or Attendance Allowance.