Maisie Williams has maintained one of the most interesting post-Game of Thrones careers after she and the cast said their final goodbyes to Westeros in 2019. With a brand new cast of heroes and villains coming to HBO later this year in the new prequel series, House of the Dragon, the former Arya Stark star has just booked yet another subversive new role for the small screen. The Game of Thrones favourite has just joined the cast of The New Look, an upcoming historical drama for Apple TV+. She’ll be acting alongside Ben Mendelsohn and Juliette Binoche, who are portraying fashion legends Christian Dior and Coco Chanel, respectively. The series promises to be an "epic thriller" set during the Nazi Occupation of France in the Second World War. An official synopsis adds the series is set “when Coco Chanel’s reign as the world’s most famous fashion designer ends and Christian Dior rises.” READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut “[He] helped return spirit and life to the world with his ground-breaking, iconic imprint of beauty and influence that will go on to define generations to come.” The drama will focus “on the pivotal moment in the 20th century when Paris led the world back to life through its fashion icons: Christian Dior, whose creations dominated world fashion in the decade following World War II". Alongside Dior and Chanel, The New Look will also chronicle the rise of several other major fashion names throughout the first half of the 20th Century. “The interwoven saga will include the surprising stories of Dior’s contemporaries and rivals,” the description continues.” “The grand dame Coco Chanel, Balmain, Balenciaga, Givenchy, Pierre Cardin, Yves Saint Laurent and more.” A full cast has yet to be announced, but expect some more big names and reliable supporting players to round out the sprawling TV epic. Maisie will be portraying Christian’s younger sister Catherine, who was awarded the Medal of Honour for Courage in the cause of Freedom. During WWII, Catherine was an integral part of the French Resistance, having fallen in love with founding member Hervé des Charbonneries. DON'T MISS:Conversations With Friends doesn’t ‘lean into’ age-gap [INTERVIEW]Better Call Saul’s Howard star recalls ‘problem’ with boxing match [INSIGHT]Selling Sunset’s Heather shares huge family update [LATEST] She was later put in charge of transmitting secret reports from the movement to London. In 1944, Catherine and 26 others were arrested and tortured by the Gestapo, and would go on to testify against 14 members of the secret police headquarters in Paris. Catherine survived through one of the most turbulent periods of human history, and died at the age of 91 in 2008. Her story will undoubtedly form a key part of the upcoming drama, which received a full series order in February this year. Lead actor Ben had a villainous role in Star Wars: Rogue One and will reprise his role as the Skrull Talos in the upcoming Marvel series, Secret Invasion. French actress Juliette is known for her collaborations with Claire Denis and other arthouse directors, and also appears in HBO Max’s acclaimed new crime drama, The Staircase. Outside of her work on Game of Thrones, Maisie is well-known for her recurring role on Doctor Who, and appearances in the films The New Mutants and Mary Shelley. Later this year, she will star opposite Toby Wallace in Pistol, a dramatic reimagining of the rise of the Sex Pistols directed by Danny Boyle for Disney+. Game of Thrones seasons 1-8 are available to stream on Sky Go and NOW.