  Victoria Beckham, 48, recently launched her permanent capsule collection VB Body, claiming that the new new shapewear line looks particularly flattering on curvier body types. In a bid to “feel sexy again” following the coronavirus pandemic, the star has also embraced her own curves, admitting that husband David Beckham, 47, “is a big fan” of her new look.       Victoria has described the desire to be very thin as an “old fashioned attitude" in a new interview, suggesting that more modern women now aspire to be curvy. Her comments comes after the mother-of-four's strict diet was revealed by husband David to consist of eating "grilled fish and steamed vegetables" almost every day. Victoria's new fashion line, which is priced between £90 and £650 per piece, ranges between UK size 6 to 18 and has been chosen to work across a range of skin tones. Speaking about her new clothing range, Victoria said: “I want this to be inclusive of body shape, of skin colour - and of budget. “This isn’t just about me. For quite a few years, the more time I spent working in fashion, the more clothes I wore and I ended up buried under all these ‘fashion’ layers. READ MORE: Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video      “So last year when I was in Miami and starting to go out again, post-Covid, I wanted a change. I wanted to feel sexy again.” Victoria then went on to confirm that David “loves” seeing her new curves on display. She said: “Much as I do dress for myself, I also love the fact that he [David] loves me in these dresses.” “Men love to see a bit of shape,” Victoria added.       The fashion designer has revealed the inspiration behind her new shapewear line is the desire among women to have a “round, curvy bottom.” “It's an old-fashioned attitude, wanting to be really thin. I think women today want to look healthy, and curvy. They want to have some boobs - and a bum,” she explained. The former Spice Girls singer went on to discuss how there are “lots of really curvy women” in Miami, where she and David spent some time due to his co-ownership of Inter Miami CF. The mother-of-four appeared to be inspired by these women, whom she said "really celebrate their curves and enjoy how they look." READ MORE...  Louise Minchin says husband's warning prompted Breakfast exit [INSIGHT]  Holly Willoughby stuns fans as she strips off for selfie after shower [LATEST] Rebekah Vardy was 'more interested in taking selfies' than football [UPDATE]     Victoria said people from the Florida party town "really own" their physiques and "show their bodies off with such confidence," which she found to be “liberating”. The star’s new collection is therefore now more targeted at people with curves to create a “really flattering silhouette”. Victoria made the remarks to Grazia magazine, having posed in pieces from her shapewear range for the cover. Meanwhile, David appears to find Victoria stunning as ever, recently sharing a picture of Victoria in a black, figure-hugging dress on Instagram for his 47th birthday. The ex-football star spoke about his wife's diet on the River Cafe Table 4 podcast, explaining that Victoria had eaten "the same thing for the last 25 years."    "Since I met her she only eats grilled fish, steamed vegetables, she will very rarely deviate from that," he added. David and Victoria have four children altogether, including three sons that they welcomed before daughter Harper. Their eldest son Brooklyn Beckham, 23, got married to actress and model Nicola Peltz in a lavish wedding in Miami last month. Their second eldest child Romeo, 19, appears to be following his dad’s footsteps on the football pitch. Meanwhile, 17-year-old son Cruz has taken inspiration from his Spice Girls mother and appears to be pursuing a career in music. Victoria Beckham appears on the cover of GRAZIA’s Luxe Issue, out Tuesday 17 May.  