As polo games are not official royal engagements, royal couples are allowed to kiss in public during them. Both Meghan and Kate have joined their husbands at their polo matches in the past, on hand to award the winning team with a trophy. Princess Diana did the same before them, and was almost annually pictured kissing Prince Charles after a match. But how did all three couples’ kisses compare? On Sunday, May 22, Meghan attended a polo match with Prince Harry, looking gorgeous in a black and white polka dot blouse and a pair of white shorts, both from New York-based brand Khaite. Her look drew comparisons to the polka dot dress Princess Diana wore decades earlier to watch Prince Charles play polo in 1987. The late Princess of Wales’ dress was white with black spots and was designed by British couturier Victor Edelstein. But Meghan’s look wasn’t the only aspect of the day that made headlines. After Prince Harry’s team won the match, the Duchess awarded him with a trophy and a kiss. READ MORE: Prince Harry's 'discomfort' during on-stage kiss with Meghan Although not the first time Meghan had kissed Harry after a polo match – the pair kissed and held hands after the Sentebale polo match in Windsor in July 2018, this most recent kiss was different from the first one, according to body language expert Judi James. She said: “Meghan and Harry’s flirty polo kisses define stages of a very intimate and openly loving and even sexy relationship that has matured into one where Meghan is happy showing signs of a maternal, nurturing approach as well as a romantic one. “Their 2018 kiss involved what looked like full-on passion. Harry tucks her shoulder under his armpit and leans his head in with a serious and intense expression on his face. “Meghan leans her head back, baring her neck in a gesture of trust and submission. Her mouth is open and the couple make eye contact for this sexy mouth-to-mouth kiss.  “Their more recent kiss is sweet rather than sexy and it appears restricted by Meghan who uses two hands to steer and control Harry’s face. “He leans in but the kiss that is part hidden by her hands looks more like a peck. “Her shades, red lipstick and her wide hat brim make this like a kissing assault course and even so Harry gets lipstick on his face. Meghan then openly rubs it off in a more maternal ritual.” Kate and William’s kiss at the polo, however, was more practical than passionate as they kissed on the cheek, not the mouth. In July 2011, the Cambridges were seen kissing after William won his polo match in Santa Barbara, California – where Harry played over the weekend. Examining the couple’s kiss, Judi said: “Their rather non-tactile approach to royal life does seem to have made lip kissing off the menu when Kate is using reward or hero rituals on William at the polo. “The cheek kiss might also be more practical as it can be universal. Often the whole team are being handed trophies and there is a sense of visual fairness if they’re all on the receiving end of the same style of kiss. “Kate and William seem to modify their kiss to signal their relationship but without switching from a polite gesture to a different, more passionate one. “Their cheek kisses look playful though, with William bending his torso in an unnecessary lowering gesture (he’s not much taller when she’s in heels). “It’s Kate who places a hand on his neck to signal firmness and mild control and her rounded cheeks suggest she is smiling as the couple press their faces close. This is a fun, loving kiss that is also polite and empathetic.” Charles and Diana shared more kisses during the polo than any other royal couple – but their body language was very different to the Cambridges’ and the Sussexes. The kisses followed the path of the couple’s relationship – becoming frostier and more distant with every passing year. Judi said: “Charles and Diana’s polo kisses went from eye contact and smiles of mutual-looking delight to something much more awkward and frosty, thanks to the variations in Charles’s body language. “They began with Diana looking bashful and giggly while Charles adopted his very courtly, dedicated body language and there was a period when they seemed to look evenly happy but then with time they lost their synchronicity. “Diana’s rounded cheeks as they pressed lips did still suggest a romantic and fun approach but Charles’s eyes could often be seen looking miserable and downcast in response to her eye contact. “His lips can be seen pressed below her mouth, just below her lower lip, too. This is a distracted kiss that suggests he’s barely going through the motions.”