Amber Heard is in a brutal court battle against her ex-husband, Johnny Depp. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor sued his ex-wife in a $50 million libel case over an op-ed piece she wrote for The Washington Post. Heard has since countersued; both of which are claiming loss of acting work and damages. During the most recent bout of questioning, Heard was quizzed over her biggest role to date: Mera in the Aquaman series. She was asked exactly how Depp "helped her get the role". Mera is a major piece of the DC Comics puzzle in the DCEU. She was the love interest of Jason Momoa's Arthur Curry in 2018's Aquaman and is due to have a major part in the upcoming sequel, Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom. Heard also appeared in Justice League (as well as Zack Snyder's Justice League), with the scope to appear in further DCEU properties going forward. But during the court battle, Depp's lawyer, Camille Vasquez, suggested she would not have gotten the role of Mera without her ex-husband's help. Vasquez asked: "Mr Depp got you that role in Aquaman, didn’t he?" Heard looked "offended" as she denied this version of events. (Via Geo.tv) Heard replied: "Excuse me!?" before clarifying: "No, Ms Vasquez, I got myself that role by auditioning." Heard was reported to have been cast as Mera in 2016 following the news that a solo Aquaman movie was going to hit cinemas. But the American actress added that she has since struggled to stay involved in its sequel, Aquaman 2. READ MORE: Amber Heard Aquaman 2 scenes 'axed' after Johnny Depp lawsuit Heard told the court: "I fought really hard to stay in the movie. They didn’t want to include me in the film." The star added that she was not sure how much screen time her character would be getting in the film's final release. The movie, which is due for release in 2023, still has not received a trailer or any hints at what it is about. But, she added: "The online attacks, the media - you can’t avoid it. I don’t know how much I will be in the final cut. It was difficult to stay in the movie." DON'T MISS...Amber Heard Aquaman 2 scenes 'axed' after Johnny Depp lawsuit [NEWS]Amber Heard gave 'performance of her life', claims Johnny Depp's team [INFO]Amber Heard's broken nose shown to court after alleged attack by ex [INSIGHT] Heard's comments follow further reports that she has had a number of scenes axed from Aquaman and The Lost Kingdom. She said she has since filmed "a very pared-down version of that role" in the upcoming sequel. She added that her scenes in the scripts have been reduced greatly. Heard said: "I was given a script. Then given new versions of the script that had taken away scenes that had action in it, that depicted my character and another character, without giving any spoilers away." Heard clarified her comments, adding: "Two characters fighting with one another. They basically took a bunch out of my role. They just removed a bunch." The actress's claims of being somewhat removed from the movie are corroborated by noted comic book movie leaker Grace Randolph. The internet personality recently stated: "I hear #AmberHeard has less than 10 mins of screentime in #Aquaman2." (sic) Aquaman is available to rent on Amazon Prime Video. Aquaman 2 hits cinemas on March 17, 2023. The Pirates of the Caribbean franchise is available on Disney Plus now. SOURCE / SOURCE