The involvement of female participation in sport remains a hot topic, though little is being done to increase the numbers across disciplines as the UK emerges from the Covid-19 pandemic. Getting women involved in sport is something the Government has noted on various agendas, but now Sammie Phillips is helping drive the cause to get the ball quite literally rolling. Speaking to Express Sport as part of the latest installment in the #SheCan series, Phillips outlined to Pandora Forsyth how certain steps could be taken to make life easier for women to dedicate more of their own time and personal resources into sport.  She said: "Something the Government can't give you is time, but I don't know whether time towards childcare or if there were funding then you could reduce some of the workload to make it possible, to make more time for your work in sport. "It would help, it would mean you don't have to take on as many things and reduce your commitments so you could increase your participation in your sporting commitments. I'm sure it would be welcomed across the board if that was possible. England touch, as a largely voluntary organisation, they are limited in terms of funding and resource. "We have applied for Sport England status and that's still pending. That will put our sport on the map and open more doors to have our sport recognised within lots of different areas. I think that would be the first step. "From there we can grow our infastructure and our ability to deliver, because there is clearly demand. We need all areas to get really good while not trying to stretch ourselves too thinly, that is one of the main challenges for our organisation. "With the growth of touch (rugby) the development of women's rugby will go hand-in-hand with this I'm sure. Phillips has been involved with England Touch for over a decade, representing both the Women’s Open and Women’s 27s teams at multiple international tournaments, including three World Cups – where she coached England W27s to a third-placed finish – and three European Championships. She is also a player, coach and development officer for the England West Region, and is a director of Thames Valley Vikings, a club she co-founded in 2005 and has become a hub for players, coaches and grassroots development in the Reading area. To watch the full #SheCan interview with Sammie Phillips, please click here.