Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has been told that Mohamed Salah is not the Reds’ most important player. Former Manchester City winger Trevor Sinclair has explained that despite the Egyptian sharing the golden boot with Son Heung-min and recording the most assists by any player in the Premier League this season, Sadio Mane is even more vital to the team.  Speaking to talkSPORT, Sinclair explained: “I think he [Mane] is more important, it’s alright to say about the goal ratio that Salah gets, but look at the work ethic of Mane and what he brings to that Liverpool side. He is hard as nails.” Mane, like Salah, has a contract at Liverpool until the end of next season when both can become free agents. Sinclair thinks that Mane has recently teased where his future lies. He said: “Mane has left that little question mark, saying ‘I’ll let you know after the Champions League final.’   “Let us not forget they brought Diaz in, he has been absolutely brilliant. They have just brought the boy from Fulham, Carvalho, in. He might take a bit of time to get used to it and the way that Klopp wants him to play, but what he has done at Fulham, Fulham fans are gutted that he has left. “He did an absolutely amazing job. I saw him play against Manchester City in one of the cup competitions earlier in the season. I think he scored, had a really good few opportunities, I thought ‘He looks like a really good [player]’. Only 19 years old, again the recruitment at Liverpool is different class.” Building up to Liverpool’s Champions League final against Real Madrid on Saturday, Mane has revealed he will give an answer to his future only after the final. He has recently been linked with Bayern Munich as a possible replacement for Robert Lewandowski, should the striker get his wish and leave the German giants.   Mane told reporters: “Honestly I think the answer I can give you now is I feel very good, and I am fully focused on the Saturday game, that is the answer I must give before the final. But come back to me on Saturday and I will give you the best answer you want to hear, for sure. "It’s special. I will give you all you want to hear then.” The Senegalese star has scored 23 goals in all competitions this season as his side were in contention for the quadruple, before missing out on the Premier League title to Manchester City on the final day of the league season. Mane has scored in both legs of Liverpool’s Champions League semi-final win over Villarreal, and will hope to add to his five European goals this season in a win over Real Madrid in Paris. 