Mrs Hinch rose to fame on Instagram several years ago after she started sharing cleaning tips and tricks. Now, her fans share their own advice, including how to remove black mould from walls and sealants. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Fiona Smith said: “Does anyone know how to get rid of mould on a wall? I need to paint it.” Black mould is a common household problem caused by a build-up of moisture through poor ventilation and high levels of high humidity in the air. Inhaling or touching mould spores may cause an allergic reaction such as sneezing. If not treated, it may also trigger asthma. READ MORE: Gardeners’ World: ‘Biggest mistake’ gardeners make caring for orchids Taking to the comments, cleaning fans shared top tips for getting rid of the mould. Marie Sandall said: “Cillit Bang Black Mould remover is like magic. Only place I’ve managed to find it is Morrisons.” Sam Byne wrote: “I agree. Make sure you have all the windows open as the product is so strong. My husband wore a mask when doing it as it's strong stuff.” Georgina Hodgson commented: “Cillit Bang Black Mould remover all the way, it’s my go-to, removes mould in seconds.” DON'T MISS:Effective methods to ‘eliminate’ lawn weeds including dandelions [EXPERT]‘Effective yet affordable’ ways to clean radiators properly [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘best’ way to clean ‘smeary’ mirrors [COMMENT] The product claims to leave surfaces shining with a minimal amount of effort. It is ideal for use in rooms like the kitchen and bathroom and retails for around £3. Other group members suggested using white vinegar and baking soda. Lina Cook wrote: “White vinegar and baking soda mix in a spray bottle. “Leave it for 10 minutes and then wipe it off. It’s no chemicals and works a treat.” Rebecca Swiss commented: “White vinegar is my holy grail, it works on most things. Make sure it is diluted and add some essential oil if you don’t want your house to smell like vinegar.” White vinegar has antifungal and antibacterial properties, and it can be used as a cheap and effective treatment for many types of mould. It contains acetic acid which helps to target the problem area. White vinegar can be picked up for as little as 25p in most supermarkets. Lisa McCarthy commented: “Astonish mould and mildew removal is brilliant.” Leah Craven said: “Astonish mould remover! Works perfectly. Keeps it at bay for a good few weeks, probably longer. “You just spray, leave for half an hour, wash off with a soft cloth.” Astonish Mould and Mildew Remover blasts away tough stains and effectively removes mould and mildew within minutes.