The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have stepped up further into the royal limelight in the run-up to the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations later this week. Prince William, 39, and Kate, 40, led senior Royal Family members at an annual event at Buckingham Palace last week, taking over from the Queen. The pair hosted guests, huddled under umbrellas, at the third of the year’s garden parties at the palace. But behind Prince William’s often solemn demeanour, his wife often sees what the public won’t, a “more natural” side to his personality, Princess Diana’s former butler has claimed. Paul Burrell said that, away from the cameras and the observers, Kate “makes him melt”. Mr Burrell told OK!: “I think behind closed doors Kate has been his saviour because she makes him melt. “Behind closed doors, he can get on the floor with his children and be more natural and be a dad to his kids.” Prince William “needs to smile more”, Mr Burrell added, calling the future king “careful” in all he does. He claimed: “He needs to smile more. “William has always been very measured and very careful and safe. READ MORE: Fury as yobs destroy displays created for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee “He can’t change his personality but I just want him to warm up a bit.” Over the weekend, Prince William donned his full military gear, complete with a spectacular bearskin hat, to oversee the final rehearsals for the Queen’s Trooping the Colour parade. The June 2 parade, which marks the Queen’s official birthday, will kick off the extended weekend of Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Duke of Cambridge inspected more than 350 horses and 1,500 soldiers in the 90-minute dress rehearsal, watched by 7,000 guests. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry eye RETURN to Windsor [LIVE] Jubilee POLL: Are you having a Platinum Jubilee party? [VOTE] Prince George will NEVER get to be king, says Republic's GRAHAM SMITH [COMMENT] Earlier in the week, Prince William visited the Royal Marsden Hospital in London, donning medical scrubs to learn about the newest, cutting-edge cancer treatment offered at the NHS facility. He also paid tribute to Dame Deborah James, upon whom he bestowed the honour last month, and who received treatment at the Royal Marsden Hospital before being discharged for end-of-life care. The Duke was also spotted with his wife, Kate, on Buckingham Palace grounds as the pair braved the wet weather for the final garden party of the year. The royal couple was joined by Prince Edward, Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Princess Beatrice, with Kate and William snapped sharing a comforting smile with one another as they headed into the event. Both Kate and William chatted animatedly with guests as they fended off the rain with umbrellas before the sun made a welcome reappearance. The couple dazzled in central London’s Leicester Square just days before the garden party as they attended the red-carpet premiere of Top Gun: Maverick. They mingled with the big-screen stars, including Tom Cruise and Jon Hamm. Tom Cruise, who reprised his iconic role three decades after the original production, said he and Prince William “have a lot in common”. He quipped: “We both love England, and we're both aviators, we both love flying.”