Manchester United chiefs will reportedly look to sell Aaron Wan-Bissaka in the summer transfer window amid fears that the 24-year-old will not fit into the plans of incoming manager Erik ten Hag. Wan-Bissaka joined the Red Devils in 2019 after a superb year at Crystal Palace, where he won the Eagles' Player of the Season in his first full campaign in the first-team. His performances were enough to notify United of his potential, with the Old Trafford outfit parting with £50million to bring the star to the club. But paltry performances have seen Wan-Bissaka come under much criticism this season, and with Erik ten Hag coming in, the Daily Mirror suggest that club chiefs fear the Dutchman will not like the right-back - opening the door to a potential sale. They believe that Wan-Bissaka does not suit Ten Hag's playing style which relies on building out from the back. Despite being a superb tackler and boasting strong athleticism, Wan-Bissaka is not likely to be well-equipped to Ten Hag's style due to his weaknesses on the ball. As a result, Ajax right-back Noussair Mazraoui could be targeted as he is set to depart from Amsterdam in the summer on a free transfer. Crystal Palace had also been linked with a return for their former boy wonder, although it remains to be seen whether that will happen. Palace boss Patrick Vieira refused to be drawn into speculation that the star could make a return to South London in the future. "I don't want to make any comments," the Frenchman said. "He's a United player. I know he went through the Academy here, and people love him for what he's done for Crystal Palace. "But he's a United player, and I don't want to go into that kind of discussion. He fared well in his first season at the Theatre of Dreams, but has failed to develop his potential into genuine quality appearances of late." The Croydon-born talent has faltered alongside many of United's stars this season. The north west club sit sixth in the Premier League, and could drop out of the European spaces altogether if West Ham and Wolves win their games in hand. It would mark the worst season that United have endured since the Premier League began if that was to happen.that was to happen.