 Julia Roberts stars in the much-acclaimed romantic comedy 'Pretty Woman' this evening alongside Richard Gere. The film — which airs on ITV One — follows the chance encounter of an elite Hollywood corporate raider, Edward Lewis (Gere), and the sex worker Vivian Ward (Roberts). Lewis invites Ward to be his companion for a week, and as she is introduced to the privileged world of the wealthy and powerful, a romance begins to blossom. Originally meant to be a serious drama called $3,000 about a man buying company for the night, Pretty Woman has gone on to become a cult classic and a favourite of film buffs. At the time of filming (1990) Roberts was building on her 1989 Academy Award nomination for her role in Steel Magnolias and on the cusp of Hollywood mega-stardom. Yet, not everyone was aware of who the budding star was. This included Bez and Shaun Ryder of the Happy Mondays who had a chance encounter with Roberts at an LA party. JUST IN: Jane Fonda, 84, shows off drastic new look while filming in Rome  Their band had blown up in the years before, and the Salford boys quickly found themselves being invited to parties with star-studded guestlists.  It was at one of these parties that Ryder, appearing on This Morning last year, claimed that Roberts approached Bez and unsuccessfully asked him out.  He said: "When we went to LA, Julia Roberts, the movie Pretty Woman had only just come out so she wasn’t the Julia Roberts who everyone knows now.  "We were in the Viper Rooms and Bez came over and he said, 'You heard of Julia Joghurts?', 'Yeah, Julia Roberts yeah.'"  Bez then said to him: '"Oh, she's just asked me to go back to her place.' "He didn't have a clue who she was." Ryder recalled Bez as saying: "'She's sent her bodyguard over, Evel.'" Ryder continued: "Anyway, he was there chatting away and he didn’t have a clue." Holly Willoughby, stunned by the story, asked: "So he turned down Julia Roberts?" DON'T MISS Ben Stiller health: Actor reflects on his former cancer diagnosis [REPORT] Lewis Hamilton explains his cameo appearance in blockbuster movie [INSIGHT] Steve McQueen personally insulted Elvis Presley during love triangle [ANALYSIS]   Ryder replied: "Yeah — it’s Bez, isn’t it, he’s not really bothered." Earlier this year Roberts made an epic return to screens with the political series, Gaslit. She portrays Martha Mitchell, the unlikely whistleblower of President Nixon’s Watergate scandal. Mitchell was the first person to shed light on the case that led to her becoming the victim of a devastating smear campaign in the White House. Her role as whistleblower was an unlikely one given her proximity to the president: she was the wife of President Nixon's attorney general, John N. Mitchell, played by Sean Penn. The scandal took the world by storm, and she was soon framed to be a ditzy socialite wife out of her depth.  Her move to expose the scandal threatened to tarnish her husband's career, who attempted to discredit her claims. Among other things, Mitchell was accused of being "paranoid," because she was a “woman of a certain age.” Yet the gaslighting — a nod to the title — appeared only to motivate her as she hunkered down and took it to the next level, appearing on television in what was a tell-all interview. It is just one in a string of hard-hitting flicks that Robert has starred in, which include Mona Lisa Smile, Notting Hill, Erin Brockovich and Money Monster. 'Pretty Woman' airs at 10:35pm on ITV One. 