Tottenham have reportedly sent a proposal to Rennes forward Martin Terrier as Antonio Conte eyes prolific back-up for talisman Harry Kane. The Frenchman is capable of playing across the frontline, and represents the kind of talent Spurs could successfully lure in this summer if they rubber-stamp fourth spot on Sunday. Champions League qualification seemed a long shot for Spurs just a week ago, before they dispatched local rivals Arsenal, who were also well beaten by Newcastle on Monday night. Couple that with Tottenham's recent win over Burnley, and Conte suddenly finds himself in the drivers' seat with one match remaining. The Italian is expected to make significant transfer demands during sit-down talks with chairman Daniel Levy at the end of the season. Now on the verge of the top four, having sat ninth when he took charge, the Lilywhites are likely to do everything in their power to keep Conte at the helm. Footmercato claim that Spurs are 'very fond' of Rennes' Terrier. The player is under contract for the next three years, but the lure of the Premier League could prove too good to turn down, and a proposal has already been sent his way. JUST IN: Chelsea's Todd Boehly takeover may have accidentally been confirmed early by club sponsor Terrier enjoyed spells with Lille and Lyon before winding up at Rennes, where he has scored an impressive 21 Ligue 1 goals this campaign. That leaves him third in the French scoring charts, behind only Kylian Mbappe and Wissam Ben Yedder, despite playing predominantly from the wing. But the 25-year-old is equally capable of playing in a central role, which is where Conte could seek to deploy him given his wealth of options out wide. Heung-min Son and Dejan Kulusevski are nailed-on starters on either flank, while Lucas Moura provides pace and energy from the bench. DON'T MISSArsenal boss Mikel Arteta responds to Antonio Conte over claim he 'complains a lot'Erik ten Hag snubs Ajax end-of-season trip as 'there is a lot to do' at Manchester UnitedEverton to investigate allegations of racism from Brentford duo Ivan Toney and Rico Henry  Terrier certainly has the capability to make an impact from the wing if called upon, but may instead assume the role of Kane's understudy if he is lured to north London. The England captain was heavily linked with a move away last summer, but is expected to stick around now that Conte has found his rhythm in the dugout. A growing list of stars have tried and failed to make a career out of deputising for Kane in recent years, including Vincent Janssen and Carlos Vinicius. Neither of those players saw their stocks increase in the process, but Terrier's goal-scoring prowess could give him the necessary tools to break the mould.  The Frenchman was coy when quizzed on his future by Prime Video, but didn't categorically deny that an exit could be on the cards. "We will see how it goes at the end of the season but I am under contract until 2025," he said. "I am fulfilled here, I am happy to be here. What is certain is that it is a fantastic season from all points of view because we have a lot of fun and we produce good football. We beat eyes in terms of points, number of goals scored. These are good things and it is promising for the future." 