Manchester United's new boss Erik ten Hag has confirmed there is no agreement in place with Ajax that will see him banned from signing any of his current players. A number of the Amsterdam club's stars have already been tipped to follow Ten Hag to the Premier League following his appointment including the likes of Antony, Jurrien Timber and more recently, Sebastien Haller.  But the 52-year-old has refused to offer Ajax supporters any assurances that all of their players will stay put come the start of next season. He told Voetbal International when quizzed on if Ajax had placed a ban on him signing their players: “No, there are no agreements about that. I now have very good players, but it’s not an issue at all.” Ten Hag's appointment was finally made official after the 2-1 KNVB Cup final defeat to PSV Eindhoven following weeks of disruptive and intensive speculation. His unveiling has now allowed Ajax to focus on securing the third Eredivisie title of his era - which could arrive as soon as this weekend... READ MORE: Seven players watched by Manchester United scouts since March ahead of transfer shake-up The Dutch tactician has allegedly told United that he wants the club to leave him alone if he is within 48 hours of an Ajax match-day, so that he can focus on the current task at hand without outside distractions. And now he's denied that he is already planning ahead for the future with United, once again reaffirming his commitment to finishing the season strongly with Ajax. “I am not yet involved with Manchester United. I’m working on Ajax," he added. "I’m used to that [the excitement of him taking over in Manchester]. Ajax is also a big club, but it’s not about the media, it’s about football. I now have to perform with Ajax.” Ten Hag's stance is also similar when it comes to answering questions on the future of several United players - including Cristiano Ronaldo. DON'T MISSSeven players watched by Manchester United scouts since March ahead of transfer shake-upSolskjaer 'ready to return and has received Premier League approaches' since Man Utd axeNapoli star Victor Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transfer The Portuguese international forward is expected to see out the second year of his contract at Old Trafford and there is also the option for United to extend his stay by an additional 12 months at the end of next season. “Those are questions for the future. We are in an important title race and an important week," he said. "I now want to focus my attention on that and not on Manchester United.” Ten Hag was also impressed by viral footage of a new chant United fans have made for their new boss. “I have seen that. It’s creative, well-found. Playful, fun," Ten Hag added. 