Express.co.uk understands senior Conservative Party figures are concerned over the prospect of Labour having a form of "Rejoiner alliance" with the Lib Dems and SNP which could also threaten the fabric of the UK. The Prime Minister has been warned with Partygate now behind him, he needs to focus on making Brexit work to prevent an ambush at the next election. One source said: "The fact is that part of the motivation of the whole Partygate scandal was to get rid of Boris, because Rejoiners think that if you depose Boris you destroy Brexit. "But we have also seen evidence of a Rejoiner alliance forming particularly with Labour and the Lib Dems which if it succeeds at the next election could see Brexit reversed." Conservatives have claimed there is evidence of a Rejoiner alliance in the Tiverton and Honiton by-election called because of the resignation of former Tory MP Neil Parish after he was caught watching porn in the Commons. Labour has been accused of deliberately stepping back to give the Lib Dems a better chance of overturning the 24,239 Tory majority. In addition, the Techne UK tracker poll for Express.co.uk has revealed Labour cannot get a majority without Lib Dem and SNP support. There are also claims during the recent local elections earlier this month of Labour and the Lib Dems running an unofficial agreement to not campaign in certain seats and areas. The claims have been denied by Labour who insisted no alliance exists. The Conservative source said: "The Prime Minister is being advised that he needs to take the prospect of a Rejoiner alliance seriously. "If Labour make a pact with the the most pro-EU party (the Lib Dems) then we will see Brtiain rejoining even if it happens in stages. "Given the polling it is also likely that they will have to do a deal with the SNP who are also EU fanatics. "But the worse consequence is that will mean they have to accept another Scottish independence referendum which could see the break up of the UK. The Union is at stake." READ MORE: 'Sturgeon is running scared!' SNP leader stuns own MPs with rejection The source added: "The PM is being advised that the best way to take this on is to show that Brexit is working and that means bringing in tax cuts, cutting red tape, making levelling up meaningful. "He needs to be a conservative Conservative Prime Minister." The concerns over a Rejoiner alliance are shared by Red Wall MPs, who fear a Labour comeback in their former heartlands. Dudley North MP Marco Longhi said: "Partygate wasn’t newsworthy at all back in 2020 so why is it now? This is all about Brexit and the PM winning the last GE to deliver it. Much of the media still haven’t got over it and want to bring him down to Rejoin. "Our voters want us to focus on the things that matter to them: the cost of living, inflation, Ukraine, hospital waiting lists. DON'T MISS Forget the Remainer plot and sort out the economy Boris [INSIGHT] EU divisions widen as Italy joins Hungary in battle over next steps [REVEAL] Sue Gray finally hands Boris Johnson bombshell report in FULL [REACT] "The EU Political elite know that a successful UK means trouble for the political EU. They want us to fail and that is why they are weaponising the NI protocol and not negotiating in good faith. "Leftwing commentators and Labour show just how out of touch they are by banging on about something the Police already scrutinised two years ago, and they are showing their true motivations: political gain to ‘Rejoin’". Bassetlaw MP Brendan Clarke-Smith added: "I’m pleased that Sue Gray has been able to present her fully completed report following the conclusion of the Met‘s investigation. Many of the recommendations have already been actioned following her interim report and I am glad we can now set the record straight for the public. "Now is the time to move on and to focus on the issues that are the most important to people. "The Rejoiner alliance, who still want us back in the grip of the EU, have also failed in their disingenuous bid to topple our Prime Minister."