Champions League is the only focus for Mikel Arteta right now - but the Arsenal boss is facing a tough decision this summer over one of the club's brightest stars. William Saliba is yet to make a senior appearance for the Gunners, but the promising centre-back has just followed in the footsteps of Kylian Mbappe following his impressive loan spell with Marseille. The defender has started all-but-one Ligue 1 match so far this season, and his performances under Jorge Sampaoli earned the loanee his first senior cap for France in March. Now, Saliba's consistent form has been recognised as the 21-year-old has been named the division's Young Player of the Year. Saliba edged out competition from Arnaud Kalimuendo, Castello Lukeba, Nuno Mendes and Khephren Thuram to receive the award. The Arsenal loanee was presented with the trophy by former Liverpool and Marseille striker Djibril Cisse in a ceremony in Paris on Sunday night. Saliba succeeds Monaco's Aurelien Tchouameni as the division's Young Player of the Year, and was also included in Ligue 1's Team of the Year. Paris Saint-Germain star Mbappe - who previously received the youth award on three occasions - was named the Player of the Year for the third straight year. Saliba is entering the final two years of his contract with the Gunners, and the centre-back gave a coy response when asked about his future at the awards ceremony. When pushed if he will remain with Marseille for a second season, he told Metro: "We’ll see, only time will tell." The award ironically comes at a time when Arteta is facing a defensive headache ahead of the final two matches of the season. Rob Holding is suspended for Monday night's clash at Manchester United, while there are injury concerns over Gabriel and Ben White as both were absent from training over the weekend. However, it is clear the Arsenal boss is facing a dilemma when it comes to Saliba's future in the capital. Arteta has relied upon a settled partnership of Gabriel and White, and Holding has been forced to settle for a bench role for much of the season. Unless the Gunners boss is considering a potential switch to a back three, it is difficult to see the Marseille loanee enjoying the same minutes at his parent club. Arteta insists Saliba's development in Ligue One has followed a plan they collectively agreed, but the £27 million signing is unlikely to accept a bench role considering his form this season. Marseille president Pablo Longoria has already confirmed the club would be interested in negotiating a permanent deal for the young defender. A second loan spell could also be on the table, although Saliba's contract status could make another temporary exit difficult unless an extension is agreed. Arsenal legend Thierry Henry criticised his former club's approach with the defender so far, and fans have echoed this frustration as the centre-back has consistently impressed this term. A further loan or even a permanent transfer would likely trigger outrage among the fanbase, and Saliba's performances have given Arteta a dilemma to address this summer.