Meghan Markle, 40, could return to the UK in the future in the hope of "picking up where she left off". However, the Duchess of Sussex "loathed her time" in the country, Tina Brown has claimed. She has suggested Meghan's return would be a "practical solution". Speaking to LBC, Ms Brown said: "Meghan certainly loathed her time in England but one of the things we have learnt is that she’s pretty practical about solutions when she wants to move on. "There may come a point when she thinks the biggest role I can still have is this role, coming back to England. "At which point that will be the time to rediscover a deep love for the British and pick up where they left and do some of the modernising that needs to be done. "I think it is now going to be the focus. READ MORE: Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' she attended at Palace "Ironically, they left just at the point when things were about to get really kind of, for them, perhaps more malleable to change. "Because you know, when the Queen dies, it's going to have to be just a giant rethink." It comes as Meghan's animated show about a young girl has been dropped by Netflix. The Archewell Productions show Pearl - one of two projects announced as part of Harry and Meghan's Netflix deal - was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. Meghan was to serve as an executive producer of the series alongside David Furnish - filmmaker and husband of Sir Elton John - according to an announcement published on the Archewell website last July. Pearl has been axed by Netflix as part of strategic decisions the streaming giant is making around animated series. It is understood Netflix has decided not to move forward with development on several projects, one of which is Pearl. This is believed to be not uncommon for development, and Netflix recently decided not to move forward with other animated series. DON'T MISS Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [INSIGHT]Queen in 'lose-lose situation' as Harry and Meghan to steal spotlight [ANALYSIS]Princess Eugenie's podcast project questioned over Andrew's row [VIDEO] Harry and Meghan signed a multimillion-pound deal with Netflix in 2020. The news that Pearl is being dropped comes after it emerged that Netflix lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers. Netflix has stumbled in the face of increased competition from the likes of Disney, Amazon Prime and the reopening of cinemas. The US firm has seen its share value cut in half over the past six months as investors have grown increasingly concerned by the change in fortunes.