Liverpool FC has called for an investigation after fans were met with violence and "police brutality" which saw tear gas being used against children as French authorities attempted to contain football crowds. Speaking to BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay and Nina Warhurst on Monday, MP for Liverpool West Derby Ian Byrne recalled how he pleaded with security to open the gates as people were "crushed". "What went wrong was a complete breakdown of game management, and also the creation of an extremely hostile environment for football fans," Mr Byrne began. He continued: "I think we've got to remember, this is the premium game in European football. "This should have been a joy to go to, instead I witnessed kids in extreme distress. "You know, adults, women - it was just awful. It was absolutely awful." READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? Reflecting on the aftermath, he added: "And now we get the blame game and the smears and that narrative coming from the French authorities that completely failed on Saturday." When asked what he saw, the MP described the tear gas used on fans. "The treatment was, we saw people getting tear-gassed, pepper-sprayed, there was absolutely no dialogue. "Personally, we got there an hour before the game, getting in the ground was a nightmare, the way police had created like funnels and pinch-points around the stadium. "It was horrific. Where we entered, there were 13 turnstiles, there were two open. "So people were getting funnelled into that, I tried to ask people to stay calm. "And they did, the Liverpool fans were magnificent in how they reacted. "When I eventually got through I was begging security, 'Please open the gates.' DON'T MISS... Francois lauds return of imperial system 'Rolling back red tape' [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Heartbreak for Rocky as he suffers double rejection [THEORY]'He's awful!' Question of Sport fans slam captain's sports knowledge [REACTION] "Because I could see people were getting crushed, I could see people in distress. "People had been there from three hours before in complete disdain. "I had Liverpool Football Club stewards alongside me who were not getting listened to. "They were trying to intervene and assist and it was just a complete breakdown of management. "And obviously now, as I've said, the blame starts with the authorities." "The game was due to take place in Russia, and then that had to be cancelled because of the war in Ukraine," Jon remarked. "Could part of the problem be that it was hurriedly organised in Paris?" Liverpool fan Dan explained: "From what I understand, the French authorities never really wanted to host the game anyway. "This was a little bit of a vanity project by the French president who was up for re-election only a few weeks ago." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.