An agent for Downton Abbey actress Lesley Nicol, 68, who plays cook Mrs Patmore in the TV series-turned-film, has confirmed that the star's husband, David Heald, has died. A statement from Paul Pearson read: “I would like to confirm the passing of Lesley’s beloved husband David Heald, known to all his wonderful friends as Da’arboth. “Da’arboth was an amazing, unique and inspirational man who was always at Lesley’s side ‘her warrior. ”We are all processing this unexpected turn of events. "Lesley would like to thank everyone for their loving and kind messages of support." READ MORE:Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain  Lesley and David tied the knot in 2007. He worked as a spiritual healer and was known as Da'aboth Te'He'Ling. A source said the couple were a “real team”. They explained: “[David] was not only her husband but her protector and biggest love. They had a very strong bond. “He was her biggest champion and always loved her success in recent years.” The source added to The Sun that David was a “modest” and “kind” man who loved allowing Lesley to “shine”. Back in 2014, Lesley gushed about their happy marriage. She explained that they had met through a mutual friend and that they had a “good partnership”. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine[LATEST]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala[PICTURES]Clarkson admits he would 'happily stamp' on badger's head on farm[NEWS] Lesley jokingly added to The Mirror at the time that she felt “very lucky” that David was a good cook and that he would talk to anyone because he “is very comfortable in his own skin”. In a separate interview in 2016, the actress explained that, despite the success of Downton Abbey, the couple enjoyed a simple life. Lesley said that their average day would consist of David teaching martial arts near their Los Angeles home and then walking their dogs together on the beach. She told MailOnline at the time: “We don't live a fancy life. We come to events like this, which we enjoy, but otherwise it's very normal. “We have a friend in Malibu and take the dogs to the beach and just enjoy life in general.” She also praised David’s culinary skills once again saying that he “is an instinctive cook”. However, she admitted that neither David’s expertise or her experience in the Downton Abbey kitchen had rubbed off on her. She laughed and said that she is a useless cook, noting that she “might have made a rock cake in 1960”.