Barcelona chiefs met with the representatives of Aston Villa youngster Carney Chukwuemeka on Tuesday to discuss the prospect of a potential shock transfer, according to reports in Spain. The much-coveted 18-year-old is expected to depart Villa Park after failing to agree terms over a new contract despite Steven Gerrard's desperation to keep the player. However, Villa may now be forced to concede defeat in their attempts to keep the box-to-box midfielder, who has made 12 appearances in the Premier League this season. Gerrard has openly increased Chukwuemeka game time in the second half of the season, in a bid to entice him into agreeing a contract extension. So far his efforts have failed to prove worthwhile as an exit - potentially this summer -beckons for the teenage prospect. According to surprise reports from Spanish paper SPORT, Barcelona have now held a meeting over the signing of Chukwuemeka. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thanks Aston Villa during classy message to Man City It's understood Mateu Alemany and Jordi Cruyff held a meeting with the player's agent, to discuss bringing the Villa prospect to Catalonia. The report does add that a deal does not seem to be on the agenda though, following the conclusion of the meeting. If Chukwuemeka continues to swerve a new Villa deal, the club may be forced to sell before the start of the 2022/23 season to avoid losing him on a free transfer. Arsenal are also in the running for Chukwuemeka amid loose links to both Manchester clubs and Liverpool. READ MOREManchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next seasonPau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transferLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thanks Aston Villa during classy message to Man City  Express Sport understands Borussia Dortmund are serious about signing the Villa gem though. Villa boss Gerrard said back in January when quizzed on whether a contract extension was any closer: "We want him to sign and to extend and reward him for what we've seen so far. "We've got big aspirations and a big road map for Carney but in terms of answering your question, there's only one person who can answer and that's Carney." The Midlands club are beginning to show huge signs of ambition in the transfer market, following on from a productive January window that saw them land Philippe Coutinho (loan) and Lucas Digne. Coutinho will now join on a permanent basis from Barcelona while Boubacar Kamara is also set to arrive from Marseille on a free transfer when his contract expires in June. Villa are also keen on signing Gerrard's former Rangers defender Calvin Bassey, who impressed in both of the recent Europa League and Scottish Cup finals. An opening offer is now expected to arrive in due course while Diego Carlos of Sevilla, is another player Villa like. Meanwhile, Barcelona are continuing to work on a deal for Leeds winger Raphinha.