Houseplants can be added to your home at any time of year, but not all plants will offer an impressive display of foliage and flowers right away. Giving your plants the right nutrients is key to help them thrive, but which species are naturally quick-growers? These are the eight best succulents, statement canes, and leafy plants to add to your home for a “splash of colour” in just a matter of weeks, according to the team at WeThrift. Succulents are a classic choice for any property and are loved for their longevity. Aloe vera is one of the easiest plants to care for, and is considered one of the fastest growing succulents around. According to the team at WeThrift, you should see a new leaf or ‘spear’ every few months until it reaches full maturity. This statement-succulent is perfect for any room in the house, and can offer plenty of health benefits as well as an inviting display of fleshy green leaves. It’s also perfect for people with troublesome skin, as the soothing gel within the leaves have been used for centuries to treat dry, sore complexions. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to keep bath towels soft - ‘cheap and amazing’ way Another classic choice is the evergreen spider plant. Not only is this houseplant a naturally rapid grower, it is also perfect for taking cuttings. WeThrift said: “One of the best things about spider plants is their ability to offset smaller runners that can then be potted up and taken care of.” Re-potting is crucial for this quick-growing plant, so keep an eye on the roots and any visible signs of damage as the leaves become fuller and longer. Another classic choice is the evergreen spider plant. Not only is this houseplant a naturally rapid grower, it is also perfect for taking cuttings. WeThrift said: “One of the best things about spider plants is their ability to offset smaller runners that can then be potted up and taken care of.” Re-potting is crucial for this quick-growing plant, so keep an eye on the roots and any visible signs of damage as the leaves become fuller and longer. Hugely popular with pandas all over the world, the bamboo plant has now become a huge hit as a fast-growing indoor plant. Despite the fact that they grow better outdoors, these iconic canes can thrive in most environments, and are also widely available in shops across the country. This statement plant is surprisingly affordable too, despite being able to grow up to 40 feet tall. The dumb canes or leopard lilies, as they are also known, can grow to be as tall as two feet within just a year. This stunning plant offers beautiful contrasting colours on their leaves too, allowing you to add a splash of green to any room. DON'T MISS:The best plants to propagate in your home and garden right now [INSIGHT]Three houseplants to prevent mould in your bathroom [REVEAL]Houseplants: ‘Increase watering schedule’ but use ‘pencil’ trick first [ANALYSIS] If you like to keep things really colourful, then an indoor hibiscus could be the perfect plant for you, said WeThrift. Depending on which kind you pick, hibiscuses can reach their full height of around 5-6 feet in their first year - perfect for filling an empty corner. The delightfully bright flowers offera hint of tropical paradise, making them the ideal addition to your home ahead of the summer. Jade plants belong to the succulent family and are another excellent choice to quickly brighten up your home. Equipped with leaves that would not look out of place at the bottom of the sea, jade plants expand quickly and can grow to be up to 3-5 feet tall. Jape plants are extremely easy to take care of, and are notorious for living for an extremely long time. Peace lilies are hailed as the ideal plant for beginners, as they will do well in most environments. WeThrift said: “If taken care of correctly, with indirect sunlight and frequent watering sessions, your peace lily will grow to be about two feet tall when it reaches full maturity.” Its crisp white flowers are a beautiful contrast to the vibrant green leaves too, so it's certainly not one to be missed out on. The maidenhead fern has the fascinating ability to grow in almost any habitat and can be placed in any room in the house. Indian Water and the Water Sprite varieties are the fastest-growing, which is ideal if you are looking for something truly lush for a rainforest inspired display.