Paul Pogba would like to speak with Erik ten Hag before making a final decision on his Manchester United future, according to reports. The France international’s contract is due to expire at the end of the campaign. And while he’s expected to leave, it appears there’s still a chance he’ll stay put. Manchester United have seen Pogba struggle for consistency ever since his arrival from Juventus back in the summer transfer window of 2016. At the current moment in time he looks set to leave Old Trafford, having so far refused to pen a new contract with the club. But now, in a dramatic twist, Sky Sports say sources close to Pogba claim he’d ‘welcome’ the chance to meet Ten Hag. The 52-year-old is set to start working with United this week, though isn’t due to travel to Manchester today despite claims to the contrary. And it seems Pogba remains open-minded about his future as the summer transfer window edges closer. Juventus are frontrunners to land the 29-year-old with the Serie A giants hopeful they can convince the World Cup winner into returning. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Pogba previously spent four years in Turin, helping them achieve success under both Antonio Conte and Massimiliano Allegri. And the Old Lady are confident they can bring the United star back, even if the finances required could potentially be too high. Real Madrid have also been linked. However, Los Blancos are well-equipped for midfielders with the likes of Luka Modric, Toni Kroos, Casemiro, Federico Valverde and Eduardo Camavinga all on their books. With Kylian Mbappe their priority, it remains to be seen if Los Blancos have the resources to bring in Pogba as well. PSG themselves are in the mix to land Pogba and bring the United star back to France, where he’s idolised. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But there have been suggestions that, as they plan for a brighter future, they have doubts about adding another big ego to their dressing room. What ultimately happens with Pogba remains to be seen. Yet with the midfielder seeking talks with Ten Hag, that suggests there’s a chance he’ll actually end up staying at Old Trafford. Regardless of what happens, United do plan on adding a midfielder to their squad at the end of the campaign. Frenkie de Jong is one player in their sights, with Barcelona open to selling the Netherlands international for the right price. Ruben Neves continues to be linked, though Barcelona appear to be frontrunners when it comes to recruiting the Wolves star. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And United have been put forward as potential suitors for N’Golo Kante, too, after the Chelsea star was benched for the FA Cup final. Meanwhile, former Arsenal and Chelsea star Emmanuel Petit has opened up on Pogba and his future. And he feels the midfielder should leave United behind - but doesn’t think Manchester City are right for him. "He must not stay at Manchester United in the interest of himself and Manchester United,” he said. “I think his future is not at Manchester United. "His future for me is not at Manchester City at all. There are big rumours here in France surrounding Paris Saint-Germain, so I don’t know what he wants to do. "But it's probably to sign a big contract, he wants to sign a three or four-year contract, but he needs to regain his form. He has not been the same player for a long time now. "It’s been a very difficult season for him and Manchester United. I think the love story has ended at Old Trafford. "He must leave and I would like to see him stay in the Premier League, the best league in the world. “I am not sure he will stay in the Premier League though, I’m pretty sure he will leave England - this is my opinion, I may be wrong but this is my feeling."