 After her stroke in 2016, the Killing Me Softly With His Song singer turned up at red carpets in a wheelchair. She tried to return to music a couple of years after the ordeal but was rushed to hospital in 2018 after a performance. While Flack stopped singing in public, she remained passionate and said she sings in private all the time. It’s no surprise then that the star has “hope” to see her fans soon. "The pandemic has kept most of us off the stage for two years," Flack, 85, told the publication People amid her struggle to regain strength after the stroke. "I don't know what the next two years will hold, but I hope to see my fans in person sometime soon." After a brief attempt to perform live, the star retired from live shows in 2018. She was performing for the Jazz Foundation of America at New York’s Apollo Theatre when she reported feeling “extremely dizzy”. READ MORE: Testosterone deficiency syndrome – feeling dreadfully unhappy might not be depression According to TMZ, the singer called an ambulance backstage and was soon rushed to a hospital in Harlem. And in January, she suffered a bout of COVID-19. Despite plans to return to live music, there is always a risk that Flack could have another. A quarter of stroke survivors will have another one, warned the American Stroke Association.  But there are plenty of healthy habits she could introduce to stop her health from deteriorating again. Strokes are a life-threatening health problem that happens when blood supply is restricted from parts of the brain. The risk of having one increases with age as arteries become harder and narrower, making blockage in the blood more likely, explains the Stroke Association. It also increases if you have a medical condition such as high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and diabetes – all of which can be influenced by lifestyle changes.   “The best way to help prevent a stroke is to eat a healthy diet, exercise regularly, and avoid smoking and drinking too much alcohol,” states the NHS. The health body’s guidance is to do at least 150 minutes of “moderate-intensity aerobic activity” every week. This includes activities such as fast walking and cycling. Exercises like these can make your heart stronger and pump blood around the body with less effort. It’s also important to reduce the risk of diabetes. Diabetes UK recommends aiming for a blood sugar level of 4-7mmol/l. Cholesterol and blood sugar levels can be measured by your doctor, who will give you advice about how to reduce these. If you’re concerned about stroke, there are several symptoms to look out for. The NHS uses the abbreviation FAST to explain the symptoms of a stroke. The symptoms include: