Faith (played by Sally Dexter) has been trying to rebuild her relationships with her children and Emmerdale alumni, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) and Chas Dingle Lucy Pargeter), over the past couple of years. As soon as she manages to get them on her side, she seems to do something which makes them even angrier than they were with her before. It could be their frustration and utter resentment towards her in next week's episodes of the ITV soap which could see her struck down dead as she tries to leave the village. As part of the soap's flash forward week, Faith will be seen trying to make amends for sleeping with Dan Spencer (Liam Fox) at the allotments. The one person she is desperate to make it up to is her son Cain, who was horrified to realise his son, Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn), could have caught her in the act. Trying to reason with him at the start of the week, Faith will see her efforts rejected as her son unleashes a torrent of abuse at her. Unfortunately, it seems her daughter Chas has also had enough of her mother's outlandish actions as she also tells her to get lost. It seems there is no one the mother of two can now turn to as she seems to have destroyed every relationship in the village. READ MORE: Countryfile viewers slam Adam Henson over horrifying lamb segment With this in mind, Faith is desperate to make an exit from the Dales and she wants to go somewhere as soon as possible. Luck is just not on her side as the bus which is supposed to be taking her away from the village does not turn up, causing her to become angry. The first person she bumps into after finding out she can't leave is Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) and their mother of two picks a fight with her. In the process, she ends up offending the youngster and it's just history repeating itself as Faith is destroying yet another possible relationship with someone offering her kindness. However, this is when disaster could strike as with this anger building inside of her, she could suffer a heart attack. Although medical professionals could work on her and help her pull through, Faith's heart attack could leave her unconscious. Again, someone might be able to find her but after her fight with Amelia, she could end up walking away from the village to find some other route of leaving. As her heart gives up on her, she could fall into a ditch and with no one around to help or call an ambulance, Faith could die on her own. It's not until a search party begins looking for her that someone could notice her corpse lying near the side of the road. Faith's family would be heartbroken to realise they could have had a part to play in her death and the tragic circumstances behind her death. DON'T MISS...Charley Webb 'furious' with husband Matthew Wolfenden for defying her [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Malandra Burrows opens up about cancer battle [COMMENT]Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [COMMENT] Over the years, Faith has had many health issues, including an emotional breast cancer storyline which saw her reveal she had a double mastectomy. When she was reintroduced into the show in 2021, it was hinted her time in the village could be at an end when she started to experience worrying symptoms. This was ruled out as anything sinister at the time but the actress who plays Faith, Sally, teased her character could have possibly been taken out of the programme altogether. Speaking on ITV's Lorraine, the soap star was asked if she would be willing to take to the stage again if she were to leave. At the time, Sally said: "Listen, Lorraine, I’m up for grabs, I’m up for anything, I’m ready to go, rock and roll!" The award-winning actress also shared her thoughts about Faith, explaining: "She cheers me up even at my darkest hours. "I look at a Faith script and she just cheers me up and that’s what I hope gets past onto the audience as well," she continued. Sally has been playing the role of Faith since 2017, a character which she took on from actress Gillian Jephcott, who played her between the years 2000 and 2004. Having caused so much drama in the village and unintentionally leaving her family riled up, there was always going to be a time Faith would leave. But could writers really be ready to kill her off? When actress Sally announced her exit from the show in the Autumn of 2019, she explained at the time: "It's going to be an explosive October. I may have to leave for a little while." However, she always hinted she would be back as she added in an interview with Metro.co.uk: "Oh, how could I stay away from my fabulous Dingle family for too long?" Faith's death would bring her time on the show to an end altogether, with no chance of the character being brought back after this point. But how will the Dingle family cope without one of its greatest matriarchs? Will someone be ready to take on Faith's role? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.