Whether it is between the tiles of your shower or on your kitchen floor, grout can become susceptible to discolouration over time. This can come as a result of using chemical cleaners not suitable for grout, walking on tile in dirty shoes, or grout being sealed with the wrong type of sealer. In other cases, discolouration may simply be a build-up of dirt or mould. Knowing the root cause of your discoloured grout will lead you to determine the best method for cleaning your grout. If a specific cleaning solution was recommended by your manufacturer, that should always be your first port of call. However, there are some other simple products you can use to clean dirty grout. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow Sharing to a dedicated Reddit forum, a user named Quasifrodo said they “squeegee baking soda into the grout lines” and then “moisten it for 20 minutes”. The user continued: “Then scrub quickly with an old toothbrush and clean any residue with a damp sponge. “The key afterwards is to seal that grout so you never need to do this again, or for a long time, anyway.” [SIC] They added: “I swear by this.” DON'T MISS4 natural scents to keep cats out of your garden [EXPLAINER]House prices MAPPED: Average house sold prices in the UK [MAP]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 42p food item hack for removing rust [INSIGHT] The toothbrush and baking soda method is one that is also recommended by experts from the Good Housekeeping Institute. Speaking to House Beautiful, Helen Harrison, home economist and former member of the Good Housekeeping Institute, said: “Without knowing the exact composition of your tiles and what they may or may not be sealed with, it's difficult to give precise instructions, but here are some general guidelines.” She recommended testing any homemade solutions on a “small, inconspicuous area to check the method won't cause damage or discolouration.” The expert said: “For heavier staining, make a stiff paste of bicarbonate of soda and distilled white vinegar. “Dip a toothbrush into it and scrub the grout. “Leave for 10 minutes and then rinse with water.” Baking soda is often hailed for its multi-purpose cleaning uses around the home. The leavening agent works well as a cleaner because its alkaline properties work to dissolve dirt and grime, while its mineral structure works as a gentle abrasive.