Luis Diaz was almost on his way to Tottenham in January, until Liverpool came calling and hijacked the move. And ahead of their clash at Anfield on Saturday, Express Sport take a look at what Diaz's father said about the move, as he slammed Spurs for being 'slow'. Liverpool host Tottenham on Saturday in a must-win game for both sides, but Diaz's father has already taken a swipe at the away side to add to the tension. Both Liverpool and Tottenham have both been hailed for making fantastic January signings, as Diaz linked up with his new team-mates at Anfield, and Dejan Kulusevski joined Antonio Conte at Spurs. But Tottenham tried to sign Diaz before Liverpool quickly swooped in to hijack the move, as they had originally planned to buy the Colombian in the summer. Diaz will now have the chance to punish Tottenham and add to their woes after missing out on the 25-year-old. And Diaz's father has already humiliated Tottenham's transfer problems after his son was snapped up by Liverpool in the blink of an eye. READ MORE: Chelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement January transfers are usually seen as more of a risk than when summer deals are planned, as there is no guarantee how they will fit in during the middle of a season. But both Diaz and Kulusevski have taken like a duck to water, and have massively influenced their new respected sides. Thankfully for Tottenham, the fact that Kulusevski has been such a hit has helped numb the pain of missing out on Diaz, who could win as many as six winners medals this season. But Diaz's father criticised Tottenham for hesitating in the transfer market. Diaz's father, Luis Manuel Diaz, spoke about his son's interest on Colombia Blu Radio, as he said: "Tottenham was one. Roma was another. But they hesitated a lot and let themselves be caught by Liverpool. DON'T MISSNapoli star Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transferLiverpool's five-year plan under Klopp complete after 'comedic' Tottenham show Man Utd's price tag for Marcus Rashford exit speaks volumes about him "Liverpool were faster than them, they needed him and they took him away. There were many suitors who wanted Luis’ services, but he had the dream of reaching Liverpool. Because Liverpool are an elite team. "After the first game, he told me that it was a team that works hard, complete, in which he will feel comfortable and will have the chance to play with high-performance players." But apparently Diaz was shocked at just how quickly he was involved at Liverpool, although you can't imagine the team without him now. Diaz senior added: "Luis was shocked by that. "He thought it wasn’t like that. That it would be different and that it would take a long time to enter a match due to the adaptation process. "He's been welcomed with open arms, especially by the staff and the management. They've been very kind to him. They know they are getting a player that can give them a lot." But you could argue that it's worked out for both sides as both Diaz and Kulusevski have really gelled at their respected sides. Diaz looks like the ideal player to fit Klopp's mould, and Kulusevski is thriving under Conte's system. So much so that Tottenham have already reportedly decided to make his loan move permanent, although this is hardly a surprise. There may be a small rivalry on the field on Saturday though, as both Diaz and Kulusevski have been labelled as the 'best January signing'. Perhaps the debate can be settled on the Anfield turf, as if Diaz can hand Liverpool a huge win, it'll be massive for their quadruple hopes. But if Kulusevski can inspire an upset and boost Tottenham's top four chances, the label may be swung in his favour. The task is simple for both sides, win to prolong their targets for this season. But any slip up could be costly for either side.