Country life lover Princess Anne lives in the Gloucestershire countryside with her husband, Sir Timothy Lawrence. Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall also resides there with husband Mike and their three children, Mia, Lena and Lucas. Princess Anne was gifted this property by her mother in 1976 as a wedding gift when she married her first husband, Captain Mark Phillips. But despite being the Queen's daughter and an exceptionally esteemed member of the Royal Family, Princess Anne's home is very cosy and homely. The Royal Family released a photograph of the Princess and Sir Timothy Lawrence lounging in their living room in February 2021. The walls are painted light green, and the carpet is a cream shade. READ MORE: Prince Charles: Inside royal's 'breathtaking' Highgrove House Rather than looking like a show home, it appears extremely lived-in, with the coffee table littered with books and papers. The pair were pictured sitting comfortably on floral printed orange sofas. It is clear to see that these royals are avid readers, with books piled high on shelves. There are also various photo frames encasing special pictures, possibly of the Royals. Against one wall is a brown dog basket, unsurprising considering the Princess' love of animals. Fans were delighted to see the royals living in such a cosy environment. Instagram user @lindajohnsonnnn stated: "It’s nice to see even the royals have cluttered living spaces." @colonial_kitty said: "Wow, that’s like a normal, every day house." @fondey seconded this: "She has access to all the riches, jewels and fine things in life, and this is home. "This is a couple that knows money doesn’t buy happiness." Others were less than impressed, with @hoarethelma commenting: "Surprised it looks like a room out of the 50's with the decor of a 100 year old. But each to their own!" @dmcpanache branded the decor "mediocre" and "predictable". @susankousidis observed: "Too crowded for my taste. Looks like an episode of Hoarders." Another quirky room boasts lime green curtains, which can be seen during the Princess Royal's video appearances. A slightly more grand part of the house was revealed when the Royal Family released a photograph of the Princess at Gatcombe Park for her 70th birthday. In the photograph, Princess Anne looked remarkable in white on an extravagant chair gilded with gold. It has a rose gold cushioning. The flooring is made out of stone and the room overall has an old-fashioned feel, with an archaic ornament in one corner. The large space also contains dark wooden furniture.