Ms Levin sat down with radio host Mike Graham to discuss the latest Netflix announcement about the cancelling of her animation series Pearl.' The royal author nitpicked about Ms Markle's quest for perfectionism with what she creates. Ms Markle and Prince Harry have a production company names after their firstborn son, called Archewell Productions. Ms Levin criticised the Duchess of Sussex for going over and over her plans and making sure things are done correctly.   Ms Levin told Talk TV: "I think they might be very busy but I think Meghan is a timer. "She showed with preparations for her wedding, going over and over and over things. "Things are not right, things have got to be done better, things have got to change. "You know I think she's nervous in that sort of way, but she can't just say I like 'Abcde.' JUST IN: Helen Skelton missing from Countryfile as husband 'jets abroad with new love interest'     Ms Levin added: "But nothing is good enough, nothing's right and she blames everybody around her. "And I think it's very difficult to get things done from somebody who has that sort of attitude. "They're overconfident, but also unsure... It's a very strange combination. "Do you understand what I mean?" Mr Graham said: "I know exactly what you mean."   READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat exposed: How UK, US and their allies could retaliate with force     Many royal experts have been trying to predict Ms Markle's next move as her and husband Prince Harry continue to try and make money in LA since distancing themselves from the Royal Family. Another royal author, Tina Brown a former Vanity Fair editor released The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor - the Truth and the Turmoil last week. Ms Brown's book features quotes from a  senior palace aide. Ms Brown said in a magazine interview discussing the Duke and Duchess's entertainment deals: "Meghan doesn't really have a brand - you feel that she is grasping at the 'Twitter caring' of the moment: vaccinations; Ukraine; women's rights; my 40th birthday; let's have a mentoring scheme. Nothing is really going anywhere for Meghan." Ms Brown added: "And the whole problem with entertainment deals is you have to produce. "They've signed with Netflix but what have we seen? Nothing. "Are they going to renew that contract? Their Spotify podcast is going nowhere."  