Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared their simple food item hack for ousting ants. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a social media influencer and cleaning expert. She has 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Fans of hers have created their own social media groups in her name dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and hacks. On one such group, Steph Graves asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Does Mrs Hinch know the best way to clear ants? “I know this is not a cleaning issue but maybe someone can help. “I always get them in summer around my patio door. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ “I can see them around already so dread to think what they will be like later in summer. “I tried feeding stations but they did not seem to work. “I think they are getting wise to them. Any advice appreciated.” Steph’s post was inundated with comments from Mrs Hinch fans but the most popular suggestion was to use cinnamon. Patricia Cowin said: “I used to get them, sprinkle a little cinnamon around your patio door.  DON'T MISSGardening tips: ‘Excellent’ 14p solution to ‘burn’ stubborn weeds [INSIGHT]How to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share 7p hack to get oven racks and glass ‘sparkling’ [ANALYSIS] “They hate the stuff and will disappear, good luck.” Clydean Lindley Lipe replied: “Cinnamon powder sprinkled liberally along their path.” Sheena Gibb simply wrote: “Cinnamon!” Cinnamon is an affordable way to oust ants too with ASDA selling ground cinnamon for just 70p. Tesco Ground Cinnamon costs £1. Schwartz Ground Cinnamon from Ocado costs £1.75. Cooks' Ingredients ground cinnamon is £1.80 from Waitrose & Partners. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Sainsbury's Ground Cinnamon is just 85p. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using talcum powder, white vinegar, lemon peel and salt. Ann Paterson said: “We put down talcum powder.” Caz Henden wrote: “Baby powder. They won't cross it or, like I did before, wipe the door frame with Olbas oil it covers previous ants’ scent trails.” Michelle Crompton replied: “Lavender plants, they hate lavender.”  Kate Inglis commented: “They're not keen on lemon. “Try rubbing some fresh lemon where they are trying to enter the house.” Birdi Haven said: “Ants hate white vinegar.” Diane Dube suggested: “I put some cayenne red pepper around.” Eileen Kenny said: “Sprinkle salt all around.”