Prince Harry, 37, announced in 2021 that he was penning an “intimate and heartfelt memoir” about his life”. He said the account will be “accurate and wholly truthful” in recounting the Duke’s “experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons”. Penguin Random House has not confirmed precisely when the memoirs will be released to the public. Royal author and historian, Tessa Dunlop, told True Royal TV that Prince Harry is relying on his links to royalty, but is walking a “tightrope” of just how much to reveal about the inner workings of the Royal Family. Discussing the hotly-anticipated memoirs, Ms Dunlop said: “It can feel very lonely if the institution shuts you out.” She added: “I think Harry, more than anyone, realises he’s walking a tightrope. “Yes, he needs to make money, and yes, the Royal Family has made him feel excluded and he feels unsupported. “But he also realises, on a professional level, he needs some of their magic fairy dust. “And, on an emotional level, they’re family.” She continued: “So how much "tell-all" does he really want to do? READ MORE: Anti-Queen posters appear in nine cities days before Jubilee “I think that's going to be the great conundrum for him and his wife.” Speaking about the book in 2021, the prince said: “I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learnt — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think.” He added: “I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.” With the unconfirmed release date still in doubt, royal expert and journalist Roya Nikkhah suggested the ambiguity could be linked to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s return to the UK next week. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry could break 'promise' to Queen [LIVE] POLL: Can Britain afford Monarchy as Sovereign Grant soars by £18m? [VOTE] Prince Harry 'walking a tight rope' - faced with 'conundrum' of memoir [INSIGHT] Writing in The Times, she said pushing the publication could “avoid overshadowing” the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, which could then be recalled by Harry in the memoirs. She said it would “provide Harry an opportunity to give his account of attending next month’s celebrations with Meghan and their children, the first time the Sussexes will have been reunited with the Royal Family for more than two years.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are “excited and honoured” to return to Harry’s home turf for the Jubilee, a spokesperson for the couple confirmed. They will also bring their two children, Archie and Lilibet, across the Atlantic for the celebrations. However, they will not be appearing among the senior royals on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Trooping the Colour parade on June 2. The parade marks the Queen’s official birthday. A spokesperson outlined: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen."