Daniel John Twigg, three, was viciously attacked by a dog outside a property on Carr Lane in Rochdale, Greater Manchester on May 15. The youngster, who was then rushed to hospital, died shortly afterwards. Following the boy's death, a 19-year-old woman came forward and told how she was attacked by a dog while walking on a footpath near to where the fatal attack occurred, reports Manchester Evening News. Kia Walker, 19, who was attacked in April 2021, was left with horrific injuries to her arm. However, she claims she was told by officers that the investigation couldn't go any further as there 'wasn't enough evidence'. Police said Kia chose to take no further action. A second woman now claims she was attacked by a dog less than 100 yards from where the boy died. The woman, who asked not to be named, has shared gruesome images of injuries she says she sustained after being bitten by a Cane Corso on March 29, 2020. "The dog wasn't on a lead," she said. "It was hanging off my arms and tugging at me. It bit me on my side."  It is not believed to be the same dog that was involved in the attack on Daniel. The woman says she was left with horrific injuries to her arms and ribs and ran up a country lane before dialling 999. She was taken to hospital where she was treated for her injuries, but has since been left with scars to her arm. However, she says police officers told her they would not visit the farm if there were 'dangerous dogs on the loose' as it was dark. The woman believes the attack was captured on CCTV, but claims police said there was no evidence of what she was alleging. "They said there was no proof," she said. "I don't think they ever went up there. They just wouldn't do anything. "I asked them if they were going to wait until someone was dead to do something." Detectives have said they are reviewing 'other incidents of note' and a referral has been made to the police watchdog due to 'previous contact' with GMP. Daniel and his family were renting residential property on the site off Carr Lane. Police said the young boy was outside his home with a number of dogs before he was attacked. In a heartbreaking tribute, his family described him as their 'happy little boy'. In a statement issued through police, they said: "Daniel was a happy, kind and caring little boy who was loved by all who knew him.  "He loved Paw Patrol and playing with his brother and sister, he also loved being around animals - especially his pony, Splash. He brought us many laughs and was a comical character. "He was brave, intelligent and full of many characteristics. Daniel loved being with his whole family and will be missed by all. "On behalf of our family, we ask people to respect our privacy." A 48-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident after handing himself in. Police confirmed he had been arrested under the Dangerous Dogs Act 1991 and remains in custody. The force has also revealed that a dog put down after the incident was a Cane Corso. Several other dogs have also been seized and enquiries in relation to them are ongoing. Detective Chief Inspector Dave Jones, of GMP’s Professional Standards Branch, said: "We are aware of a number of incidents of note which preceded the death of three-year-old Daniel Twigg. "As per the Independent Office for Police Conduct’s Statutory Guidance, we have made a referral to the IOPC and are awaiting a decision from their analysts, which will determine how this investigation is progressed. "GMP is committed to delivering outstanding service which keeps people safe and cares for victims. "Professional analysis of our actions is key to achieving this so we ask members of the public and the media to refrain from speculating at this time."