Cristiano Ronaldo was seen confronting referee Chris Kavanagh after having a goal disallowed during the first half of Manchester United’s Premier League clash with Brentford. The Portuguese was frustrated when he was adjudged to have been offside when he converted towards the end of the opening period.  Ronaldo endured a frustrating first 45 minutes at Old Trafford. He blasted a free kick straight at goalkeeper David Raya and had a penalty appeal waved away. The veteran then thought he had put United 2-0 ahead after Bruno Fernandes’ opener. Ronaldo collected Fernandes’ pass and struck first-time under Raya. It would have been Ronaldo’s 18th goal of an impressive personal Premier League campaign. However, a VAR review deemed the 37-year-old to have been slightly ahead of play when he struck a left-footed effort goalwards. JUST IN: Liverpool star Trent Alexander-Arnold lets quadruple mask slip Ronaldo was seen complaining about the decision at the time and was then deep in discussion with Kavanagh as the teams re-emerged after half-time. The club icon - who returned last summer after 12 years away - caught up with the official in the Old Trafford tunnel. Sky Sports footage showed Ronaldo talking at Kavanagh but not receiving much of an answer. The forward could also have been questioning the decision not to award him a penalty before his disallowed goal. He entered the penalty area and went down under a challenge. Kavanagh quickly waved away the protests from Ronaldo and his United colleagues. Those decisions appeared to fire up Ronaldo. He enjoyed a much better second half against the Bees. DON'T MISS...Ronaldo worth keeping, Mata's been wasted and other Brentford lessonsKeane blasts 'disastrous' Man Utd and explains 'worry' for Ten HagChelsea boss Tuchel 'very concerned' over top four place Kavanagh finally pointed to the spot after Ronaldo was fouled by Rico Henry. The striker proved too strong for the left-back as he won back the ball, before Henry made a desperate challenge in retaliation. An 18th goal of the season promptly followed, with Ronaldo thrashing his penalty into the left-hand corner of Raya’s goal. United soon scored a third through Raphael Varane, who turned home his first goal in a United shirt. There has been talk that Ronaldo could leave United in the summer after just a year back at Old Trafford. It has been widely reported that incoming boss Erik ten Hag might not see the experienced former Real Madrid star as being able to fit into his preferred system. Interim head coach Ralf Rangnick believes Ten Hag will need more strikers to play alongside Ronaldo, telling Sky Sports: "This is a question you need to ask Erik ten Hag (if Ronaldo fits into his system). He's showed that he can still be a vital part of this team, but it's obvious the team needs some more strikers. There should be two or three new strikers next season, it's pretty obvious."