The countdown to the launch of Apex Legends Season 13 has officially begun. Codenamed Saviours, Apex Legends Season 13 has a May 10 release date on PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch and PC. Launching alongside a big update, brand new character, Battle Pass and map, the new season is expected to have a 6pm BST UK launch time. The headline feature of the new Apex Legends season is the addition of a brand new character named Newcastle. "A top soldier for the IMC, Jackson went AWOL when he ignored direct orders to fight what he believed was a losing battle," reads the official description. "He knew he would never be safe from the remnants of the IMC--and neither would his sister, Anita, as long as she was with him. "So when he was presumed dead in a ship explosion, he used that opportunity to leave his life behind, even if it meant leaving her behind too." The new character's Tactical ability is a Mobile Shield, which is described as a throwable drone that creates a moving energy shield. Newcastle also has a Retrieve the Wounded passive ability and Castle Wall ultimate ability. The latter allows Newcastle to leap towards an ally or target, while creating a fortified stronghold when crashing down to the ground below. Retrieve the Wounded, meanwhile, lets Newcastle use his mobile shield while dragging and reviving downed teammates. Elsewhere, fans can expect a monstrous new addition to the Storm Point map, as a washed up sea creature joins the fray. Players will be able to battle in the jaws of the Downed Beast, while also using the creature's hard shell as cover. Respawn explains more: "With this being the first map update to Storm Point, our goal was to add new content and improve map features while not subtracting anything. "We added a brand-new POI; a washed up sea creature known as the Downed Beast—which is a unique combat experience for Apex Legends—an organic combat zone, and a refreshing change from man-made architecture. "On top of that we added a brand new PvE feature, IMC Armories, at four strategic locations around the map which can dynamically change the championship outcome." Needless to say, the launch of a new season will be accompanied by a big update, as well as a Battle Pass containing fresh rewards. Express Online will update this story with the full list of patch notes when Season 13 launches on May 10.