One-year-old Leiland-James Corkill had been placed with Laura Castle and her husband Scott by authorities in Cumbria less than five months before his death. The child had been placed in their care in Barrow-in-Furness from August 2020 after the couple applied to adopt him.   On the morning of January 6 2021, Laura, 38, rang for an ambulance and reported that Leiland-James had fallen off the sofa. She said the child was unconscious and breathing awkwardly. He was taken to Alder Hey Children's Hospital where a decision was taken to turn off his life support the following day. Concerned medical staff raised concerns over the defendant’s account.   She later admitted manslaughter but at Preston Crown Court was found guilty of murder and child cruelty. Prosecutor Michael Brady QC said it was the Crown’s case that she had killed the boy as she lost her temper. They suggested she smashed the back of his head against a piece of furniture. It came after pathologists said "severe" and "considerable" force would have been needed to cause the fatal brain injuries sustained by the child. They believed his head had been struck against a hard surface. Her husband Scott Castle was cleared of causing or allowing the boy's death. READ MORE: Police launch 24/7 'middle-lane hogger' crackdown on busiest motorways He broke down in tears as he told the court he was "heartbroken" and "devastated" to hear his wife confess to the killing. He said: "She's the love of my life and I didn't ever think she would lie to me." The court heard that the couple had struggled to bond with the child and Castle sent her husband messages while he was at work criticising Leiland-James. Castle had called the child vulgar names and also referred to him as a "moaning whinge bag" and described how she "absolutely leathered" him. Cumbria County Council said they were aware of the bonding issues but not that she was using physical chastisement. DON'T MISS Have Your Say: Should Boris RESIGN after Sue Gray's damning report? [COMMENT] Tragedy as therapy dog with 'big heart' dies after falling into quarry [REPORT] Wimbledon seeking legal action against ATP and WTA over points strip [INSIGHT] A review of the placement was scheduled for early January after a social worker said she could not approve the continuation of the adoption without further training and work by the Castles. However, Leiland-James was killed before this could take place. Victim impact statements were read out in court from Laura Corkill, Leiland-James' birth mother, and Charlotte Day, the foster carer who looked after the child from when he was two days old until his placement with the Castles. Ms Corkill said her son was taken from her "because of the risk of emotional and physical harm", before adding that he had "actually suffered this" at the hands of his "adoptive" mother.  While Ms Day said her family was "heartbroken". She reflected on the baby's temperament when he was in her care describing him as a "beautiful boy with the most contagious laugh". David McLachlan QC, mitigating said Castle went into the adoption process "hoping to do some good" but within weeks the "situation started to unravel". He explained her struggle coping with her husband working late shifts and also the "difficulty that national and local lockdowns brought". He said there were good days as well and that Leiland-James was "clearly loved" by the Castles' parents. Mr Justice Jeremy Baker said it was a "dreadfully serious case" but it did not fall "into that even worse category whereby it is patently clear there has been long-term serious physical abuse of a child". 