The site at Moto Thurrock, located on the eastern side of the M25 between junctions 30 and 31, features 12 of Gridserve’s new electric vehicle (EV) chargers. The chargers have the capability of providing up to 350kW of power, meaning the latest electric vehicles could add the 117 miles of range required to drive around London’s Orbital Motorway in less than 15 minutes charging time. Moto is the largest service station operator in the UK and the M25 is used by approximately 200,000 cars per day. The high-powered chargers are powered by renewable energy from solar and battery farms, meaning they meet net-zero carbon emissions. EVs are free from Vehicle Excise Duty and exempt from the London Congestion Zone and Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ), both of which now levy charges seven days a week. With London Mayor Sadiq Khan having stated he has an ambition for the Capital to be a zero-carbon city by 2030, many are turning to EVs to bring costs down. READ MORE: Shocked driver finds secret second use for car grab handle And according to recent figures, 74 percent of car and taxi trips that involve the M25 are known to start or end in London. Toddington Harper, CEO of Gridserve, said: “We are committed to building a UK-wide charging network at a speed that will help give EV drivers the confidence they need to undertake any journey, irrespective of what electric vehicle they drive, and charge quickly, reliably and affordably. “This is what is necessary to move the needle on climate change. “Thurrock is further proof that we’re building on our partnership with Moto and we’ll continue to deliver more High Power Electric Super Hubs throughout the year.” DON'T MISSElderly drivers 'put off by the cost' of electric cars despite car ban [SHOCKING]Drivers slam 'nonsense' air con driving rule that can land £1,000 fine [INSIGHT]Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine [WARNING] The news comes as figures show electric car drivers without off-street parking are paying up to £1,000 more each year to charge than those with a driveway. Charging an electric car is costing drivers without access to off-street charging nearly £80 per month - or £1000 per year - more than those with a driveway according to new research. Industry experts are now calling for cuts to VAT at public charge points and lower off-peak rates. The data from EV site electrifying.com found that despite rising energy costs, drivers with access to their own private charge point who use a cheap night tariff are still saving thousands over the lifetime of their cars compared to those who are reliant on the public charging network. This is in part due to the higher VAT rate of 20 percent on public charge points, as well as the cost of installing and maintaining the infrastructure. The figures were based on a person driving a Volkswagen ID.3 for 10k miles per year, which would cost £13.75/month when charging at home on a cheap night rate. That’s compared to £91.75 per month on a public charge point at 50p per kWh, which is the typical rate for a DC rapid charger found at a service station or supermarket. It could also result in electric car ownership being less attractive to drivers living in smaller properties within cities, which is where zero emission vehicles can make the biggest difference to air quality. And a new survey of 2,000 UK drivers found that an electric car is still not an option for many, with multiple reasons being given as to why. Nearly half of all drivers say they simply cannot afford to buy an electric car, with more than 50 percent of elderly drivers ruling EVs out. Three-quarters of drivers don’t trust the Government to not make electric motoring more expensive in the future. An overwhelming majority of drivers aged over 55 found that the Government would not take additional steps to make EVs affordable for all.