The Duke and Duchess of Sussex tied the knot back in 2018 and the lavish ceremony saw Meghan being welcomed into the fold of the Royal Family. When reflecting on her wedding day though, Meghan claimed the occasion was planned “for the world” rather than for her and Harry. The comments were made during the Sussexes bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, where the Duchess also said she was unprepared for her role within the Firm. She said she didn't grow up “knowing much about the Royal Family” and also said that she “never looked up her husband online” when she first started dating Prince Harry. Meghan added: “I went into it naively because I didn't grow up knowing much about the Royal Family. I didn't fully understand what the job was.” The Duchess also told the US chat show host that she had to Google the British national anthem and was unprepared for things like curtsying. Professor Cele Otnes, a Royal Family branding and marketing expert, points out that Meghan didn’t have any context to the royals as she was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. She explains that when they joined the royal fold Princess Diana and the Duchess of Cambridge were at an advantage as they grasped the monarchy's significance in British society due to growing up in this country. The co-author of Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture told Express.co.uk: "I think Kate, and Diana, and Camilla just by the virtue of being British [grasped it]. “Even if they hadn't had any association with the aristocracy and Kate didn't really, but Camilla and Diana certainly did – they travelled in those circles – had the sort of natural socialisation process from the time of their young childhood, about the sort of the preciousness of the brands and how much had to be invested to keep the Royal Family brand at its pinnacle. “Megan didn't have that kind of context. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'not much of a story' without Royal Family “I think Diana and Camilla and Kate growing up in Britain had an understanding of where the British royal family resides in the social hierarchy - which is at the top by itself. “It has all that socialisation and internalisation about, you know, protecting it. “Megan had no understanding of that.” The Duchess of Sussex said during her and Harry’s interview: "I grew up in LA - I see celebrities all the time - but it's not the same. “This is a completely different ball game." Reflecting on this, Ms Otnes said that Megan was “confounding the worlds of celebrity and royalty” and struggled to “grasp the situation”. DON'T MISS Royal Family ‘united’ against Prince Andrew being in spotlight [REPORT]Inside Buckingham Palace gardens: From ice rink to flower tradition [INSIGHT] Queen embraces technology to keep up with royal appearances [REVEAL] She said: “Megan is a bright woman. I don't think she grasped the situation and what was required. “And I would say that, to me, it looked like she was looking at as a role to perform rather than to embody. “I don't think either Harry or Megan in any way, like did deliberately set out to leave the royal family but I think the lack of understanding of what was required of them as a couple to contribute to this brand was not there. “I think it all has to do with Megan's confounding of the worlds of celebrity and royalty.” Back in 2019, the couple announced that they were working to become "financially independent" and would be taking a "step back" from the royal family. A statement shared at the time noted that they initially planned to split their time between North America and the UK to form a sort of hybrid working model. However, it was later announced by the Queen that after "many months of conversations and more recent discussions" the couple would be stepping back completely from their roles as senior royals in spring 2020. The couple has now settled down in Santa Barbara where they reside with their two children. They will be reuniting with the Royal Family in the coming weeks though as they're visiting Britain for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple said they were "excited and honoured" to be making the trip but didn't reveal which events they would be attending.