The Duchess of Sussex, 40, visited a memorial site outside Uvalde County Courthouse, where she laid a bouquet of white roses. The courthouse is a short distance from Robb Elementary School, where gunman Salvador Rolando Ramos killed 21 people on Tuesday. The 18-year-old gunman was shot and killed by police after carrying out one of the most deadly school shooting sprees in recent US history. The elementary school was attended by hundreds of children aged between seven and ten, around 85km west of the city of San Antonio near the Mexican border.  The Duchess was emotional as she looked at each individual tribute to those tragically killed, the white crosses bearing the victims' names. She was dressed simply and casually in blue jeans, a plain white T-shirt, and a baseball cap as she looked sombrely at the memorial. Texas Governor Greg Abbott called AR-15-wielding Ramos "the sheer face of evil”, after the teenager arrived at the elementary school just after 11.30am on Tuesday morning. He fired several shots at passers-by outside the school, before making his way to classrooms full of children and opened fire indiscriminately. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry face 'conundrum' over visiting Thomas Markle The Duchess's visit comes as the husband of one of the teachers killed in the shooting dies of a heart attack. A close family friend confirmed that John Garcia, the husband of Irma Garcia, suffered a fatal heart attack on Thursday. Mrs Garcia was a fourth-grade teacher who had been with the school for 23 years. She was slain alongside fellow teacher Eva Mireles. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan braced for ex-husband to expose story [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle visit her father in hospital? [VOTE] Royal Family 'brace' for Sussex docuseries 'Have to deliver headlines' [INSIGHT]  Lieutenant Chris Olivarez, from the Texas Department of Public Safety, told NBC that Ramos had “no regard for human life, just a complete evil person”. Authorities say Ramos first shot his grandmother in the face before taking the family's vehicle to the school grounds. His grandmother herself raised the alarm to police, before being admitted for critical care. It is unclear how Ramos managed to gain entry to the school building after he was stopped by law enforcement officials.     Speaking to CNN, Erick Estrada from The Texas Department of Public Safety said one police officer, employed by the school, had spotted Ramos coming out of the vehicle wearing body armour and brandishing a rifle. He said the officer "engaged" with him but was unable to stop the teenager, before two further local police officers also failed in preventing Ramos' entry to the school. Mr Olivarez said: “The suspect made entry into the school and as soon as he made entry into the school he started shooting children, teachers, whoever’s in his way." The shooter barricaded himself in a fourth-grade classroom before shooting those already in the room.   A special tactical team then forced entry into the building and fatally shot the shooter. Investigators also believe Ramos was a student Uvalde High School, and had previously written on Facebook, “I’m going to shoot an elementary school", Mr Abbott said. However, Facebook owner Meta said this was part of  “private one-to-one text messages that were discovered after the terrible tragedy occurred” but the company was "closely cooperating with law enforcement in their ongoing investigation". His first legal purchase as soon as he turned 18 were two assault rifles and stocks of ammunition, according to a US lawmaker.  State Senator Ronald Gutierrez said Ramos "had no problem accessing those weapons" in a case that has reignited the gun laws debate in the US. Following the shooting, US President Joe Biden said: "As a nation, we have to ask: When in God’s name are we going to stand up to the gun lobby?  When in God’s name will we do what we all know in our gut needs to be done?"