Paul Neave, 51, transferred the videos from a camera on to harddrives after he had used it to capture himself having sex with the children. Derby Crown Court heard the professional session musician kept the harddrives in a storage unit at a farm and, for more than one decade, thought he'd got away with the vile offences. But last year, one of the brave victims plucked up the courage to come forward, confided in her sister and a police investigation began. Multiple more child rapes were uncovered during the investigation and Neave was jailed for 21 years this week at Derby Crown Court, which was sat at Chesterfield Magistrates' Court. Judge Jonathan Bennett, who also placed Neave on the sex offenders register for life, said: "This is a case of indescribable depravity. The victims were all young children and you filmed yourself sexually abusing them. The videos were of the most horrific kind. "Your (pre-sentence) report is disturbing reading in regard to your attitude to the offending. You did not take full responsibility for the filming, there's little or no remorse. I conclude there's a significant risk you will commit further offences." The defendant will not be eligible to apply for parole until two-thirds of the way through the custodial element which is 12 years, reports Derbyshire Live. An impact statement read in court said one victim, now a mother, was left feeling "dirty, worthless and having no control over her feelings". Another victim impact statement said: "When the abuse was happening I did not know what to do, he told me I was a good girl. It is something that will always haunt me." A third victim said: "I felt that I could not speak to anyone because I was scared no-one would believe me. He told me it was okay to do what we were doing, it ruined my teenage life." Ayanna Nelson, prosecuting, said: "He (Neave) raped one victim and on the same day told a second 'if you have sex with me I will give you some money' then handed her £10 and told her to lie down. (After it was over) he got off, removed a camera and went to his computer room with it. "(Another victim) told how he would put the camera on the edge of the bed and after they had sex he would transfer it on to his computer." The files went onto harddrives and Neave kept them in the storage unit at a farm in Winwick, Northamptonshire, more than 40 miles from his then home in Breaston, Derbyshire. But police found these after the first woman came forward.  Neave, whose address was given as Winwick, Northamptonshire, pleaded guilty to multiple counts of rape of, and sexual activity with, a child. Sharon Watson, defending, said her client had entered "timely guilty pleas on a full facts basis". She said: "He said he looks back in amazement, disbelief and confusion at this part of his life, he's ashamed, remorseful and it is genuinely heartfelt. The footage which has been seized was never, ever, out in the public domain and that footage will be destroyed and that may well give them (the victims) some comfort. "He is a qualified session musician, runs a studio and plays a number of instruments to a professional standard. In his pre-sentence report he said 'I have gone for years thinking what the hell was I thinking? Why did it happen? I don't know, I really don't know'." 