Scientists have now discovered coffee can have a significant impact on cholesterol levels, especially if the drinker is a man, according to a new study published in the journal Open Heart. Coffee consumption was shown to have a greater impact on the cholesterol levels of men than women. Yet, it’s not just about the gender of the drinker, but how the coffee is brewed. Drinking coffee in espresso form was found to result in the greatest gender difference while coffee brewed in a cafetiere was shown to have the smallest. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Two visual clues on your face - 'it's a sign' Three to five cups of coffee per day was associated with a higher overall cholesterol level in men than women. A similar impact as found in coffee prepared in a cafetiere, but only after six more cups of the popular brown drink. Researchers from the study, conducted by The Arctic University of Norway, wrote: “Coffee is the most frequently consumed central stimulant worldwide. “Because of the high consumption of coffee, even small health effects can have considerable health consequences.”  As to why coffee causes the gender imbalance in cholesterol levels is unclear, with further research into this area needed to establish a cause. What makes the study in question unusual is, unlike other studies, it has vicariously linked coffee with an increased risk of heart disease rather than a reduced risk. High cholesterol levels are one of the main risk factors for heart disease. Nevertheless, it shouldn’t stop coffee drinkers from continuing, previous studies have shown just two or three cups of coffee a day result in multiple cardiovascular and neurological benefits for the consumer. One of the reasons for coffee’s health benefits comes down to the naturally occurring compounds within it. However, identifying the potential benefits of these compounds can be difficult said researchers as they depend: “On the variety of coffee, species, roasting degree, type of brewing method, and serving size. “This demonstrates how coffee contains compounds that may lead to multiple mechanisms operating simultaneously.” Furthermore, there are other factors to consider with regard to cholesterol such as the impact of other lifestyle factors. With regard to ways of reducing cholesterol the NHS recommends increasing how much one exercises, quitting smoking, and cutting down on alcohol consumption. The NHS recommends at least 150 minutes of exercise per week, the equivalent of two and a half hours. As well as raising cholesterol, consistently drinking copious amounts of alcohol and smoking can increase an individual’s risk of cancer. A total of 14 units of alcohol per week is the recommended weekly maximum for adults in the UK.