Strictly Come Dancing dancer Giovanni Pernice has revealed that his co-star and close friend Anton Du Beke "doesn't like it", when he refers to him as the "past" of Strictly. In a new interview, the Sicilian native, 31, made the remarks while speaking about their upcoming tour, Anton and Giovanni- Him & Me. Giovanni candidly opened up about his relationship with the Kent native, adding that their friendship works because of how "different" they are. He said: "We couldn't be more different and I think that's the reason why it works perfectly between us two." Anton left the Strictly dance floor last year after more than 15 years as a pro. He took up a spot on the judges panel alongside head judge Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood and Motsi Mabuse. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain Referencing Anton's departure as a pro dancer on the show, Giovanni revealed how he teases him about being part of Strictly's "past". He said: "I always say it's the past and the future, that's how we call each other. "But he doesn't like it, he doesn't like it. "He says, 'I'm still there, it's not the past!', but it's fun" the Italian heartthrob revealed. He went on: "I really love Anton, he's one of those people that when I started the show just took me under and just helped me with everything really." Giovanni joked to Zoe Ball on her BBC 2 Radio show that he affectionately calls his friend "the grandfather". Last year, Giovanni opened up on his relationship with Anton, branding him his "hero" while explaining how they came up with the idea to tour together. Speaking on Lorraine last year, the Italian star said: "I went two, three years ago to ask him because everyone knows, I have made it public, Anton is my idol. DON'T MISS... What is the hidden meaning behind Hillary Clinton's Met Gala gown? [INSIGHT]Kate Moss' daughter steals spotlight in daring sheer gown at Met Gala [UPDATE]Adam Thomas 'regrets' last memory he has of late father [ANALYSIS] “He’s my hero, he really is my hero," he added. Giovanni went on: "So two or three years ago, I went to Anton and said ‘What about if we do a show together? “Because, we couldn’t be more different in a sense of he is a ballroom King and I’m a Latin dancer.’ Age wise, we are five years difference.” He continued: “So, I said, we should do a show together. At the beginning he wasn’t sure because he was going a show with Erin. “I tried again and he said, ‘Okay.’ It is a pleasure and an honour for me to share stage with him," Giovanni gushed. Giovanni and EastEnders star Rose Ayling-Ellis won the coveted Glittberall trophy in the last series of Strictly. The couple beat Bake Of winner John Whaite and his dance pro partner Johannes Radebe to the title. You can buy tickets for the Anton & Giovanni - Him and Me tour here.