All Creatures Great and Small has become a global TV hit after it first launched on Channel 5. The uplifting series was inspired by Alf Wight's books, which he penned under the name James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph). Fans are keen to find out more about Siegfried actor Samuel West, including his age. Samuel West has become a fan-favourite in the series following his portrayal of Siegfried Farnon. The quirky and outspoken character has revealed different sides to himself as the series has progressed. English actor and theatre director West is no stranger to the showbiz world as he comes from a famous family. He is the son of actors Timothy West and Prunella Scales, and his brother Joseph West has also taken on acting roles. READ MORE: Fiona Bruce family: Does the Antiques Roadshow star have children? The actor is 55 years old and he was born in June 1966 in Hammersmith, London. He studied English Literature at Oxford and was president of the Experimental Theatre Club. The star has spoken out about his childhood and what family life was like with such well-known parents. "I did sometimes feel the absence of my parents in my life. They were very busy, and I never blame them for that – they had to go where the work was. "Personally I’ve tried to do much less that takes me away from my children, but that’s probably just a reaction. "But yes, I think that lack, that absence, is something I learned more about and had to had to find peace with before I was able to settle down," he told The Big Issue. He and his brother had nannies to help raise them as his parents were often away working. West became a father himself at the age of 48 as he "did not have the guts to settle down". The star said he loved the fact his life has changed so drastically, but his children have had a huge impact on him emotionally. He explained: "I’ve also realised you’re only ever as happy as your least happy child. And that’s really hard." DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer's troll exposed in cruel twist [THEORY] Samuel West famous family: Meet the Siegfried Farnon star's siblings [INSIGHT] All Creatures star Samuel West details how fatherhood has changed him [INTERVIEW] West has starred alongside his parents in a number of films including Howards End and Stiff Upper Lips. He featured with his father on stage in A Number as well as two films - Iris in 2001 and Over Here in 1996. In Edward the Seventh he and his brother Joseph played the young sons of the title character, who was played by their dad Timothy. In 2002, all three West family members performed in Stravinsky's The Soldiers Tale. Samuel will be returning for the third season of All Creatures Great and Small later this year. The star teased whether his character could ever have a relationship with Mrs Hall (Anna Madeley). He told PBS: "It would raise some eyebrows if Siegfried and Mrs Hall ended up together. "There is a class distinction, which nowadays doesn’t matter, but at the time probably did a bit more. "And she’s an employee. I think for Siegfried, it would be a process of seeing beyond what he thinks is a professional relationship, into something that is clearly more important to him than he realizes, and to somebody who is, and who I think he already knows is, wise and strong."  All Creatures Great and Small is available to watch on My5 and PBS.