During an episode of the BBC show Talking Pictures, viewers got to look back on the life and career of one of cinema's most glamorous stars, Sophia Loren. The programme shows archive material telling the story of her hugely successful career. In one interview for Film 79, Sophia spoke about her appearance. She discussed the backlash she received from cameramen who claimed her nose was too long. "There were so many cameramen," she began. "They said that my nose looked too long and they couldn't light it. "So when my husband told me that I maybe I should shorten my nose a little bit I said, 'No, I don't think so.'" READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? The actress went on to recall telling her husband she loved the way she looked. She told him: "I think that I'd like to stick to my nose because I like the way I look and I think you have to change cameramen. "If you do change the cameramen then maybe I have a chance in the movies, otherwise I change everything or maybe I will never be in the movies because I like the way I look." Sophia added: "I am not complex about my nose, so I didn't and here I am with my nose...long nose but nice." Elsewhere in the programme, Sophia could be seen chatting to Terry Wogan about being arrested and going to prison for tax evasion in 1982. "What sort of effect did that have on you?" the host asked. "Did that change your life?" The Hollywood star admitted she did what she did because she felt it was the only way she could get back to her mother in Italy. "It is an experience I will never forget and it's a traumatic experience for me and of course, leaves a scar," Sophia told Terry. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Max Turner's boyfriend unmasked [SPOILERS]Scarlette Douglas pays tribute to George Clarke ahead of new show [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow expert offers to buy rare poster after valuation [VIDEO] When asked whether she was treated like any other prisoner, she replied: "Why should it have been any different?" Sophia began her successful career at the age of 16 in 1950. At the time, she appeared in several minor roles, until she received a five-picture contract with Paramount in 1956, which launched her international career. Her film appearances around this time included The Pride and the Passion, Houseboat, and It Started in Naples. During the 1950s, she starred in films as a sexually emancipated persona and was one of the best-known sex symbols of the time. Later on in her career, Sophia received the Academy Honorary Award stating that she had been "one of the genuine treasures of world cinema who, in a career rich with memorable performances, has added permanent lustre to our art form". In 1995, she was also awarded the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award. After five years off, in 2009, the Italian actress went on to star alongside Kate Hudson, Daniel Day-Lewis and Penélope Cruz, in Rob Marshall's film version of Nine. Talking Pictures is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.