32-year-old Princess Beatrice has a fabulous figure, and even after having birthday seven-month-old Sienna, has looked fantastic at public appearances. The royal mum stays slim with a healthy diet and active lifestyle. Before having a baby, Princess Beatrice was whipped into shape by personal trainer Nadya Fairweather. She revealed: "She wanted to build up her stamina and just make exercise a part of her life. "We train whatever the weather and she never cancels – she’s pretty hardcore." Despite a busy royal schedule, Princess Beatrice made time for between three to five exercise sessions per week, including home workouts. READ MORE: Lose weight without dieting: Simple and easy daily techniques to slim As for the royal's go-to calorie burners: "She loves boxing and the TRX where you use your own body weight as a workout which is pretty hard," she told People magazine. Nadia also revealed that the royal would read up on nutrition. Years later, Princess Beatrice has not let married, motherhood life get in the way of her fitness goals. Just one month after giving birth to her daughter, Princess Beatrice and husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi attended the wedding of Prince Philippos of Greece and Nina Flohr. The new mum looked gorgeous in a two-tone dress, rocking a beige long-sleeved bodice and full black skirt, embellished with a glittery pink ribbon. Dr Charlotte Norton, Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic, previously spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how the Princess may have lost any excess weight after giving birth. One weight loss hack for new mothers is breastfeeding. "While the amount of weight that can be lost via breastfeeding varies person to person, typically an individual could look at burning between 500 and 700 calories per day." The expert also guessed that the royal adapted her diet and opted for healthier choices in order to shed the weight. “In order to achieve sustainable weight loss, it is likely the Princess would have had a high-fibre diet consisting of foods such as avocados, berries, beans, broccoli and more." In addition to high-fibre foods, Princess Beatrice most likely stocked up on protein, which is recommended as a weight loss tool. The expert cited lean meats, eggs and dairy for boosting metabolism. These foods are also key in keeping slimmers fuller for longer, deterring them from reaching for non-nutritious snacks. It is likely that Princess Beatrice too incorporated exercise into her post-birth plan, intensity depending on the type of pregnancy she experienced. Dr Charlotte shared: "I imagine that providing Princess Beatrice’s birth was healthy, then she would have certainly implemented some cardio and resistance training to aid her in losing weight.” The royal mum has also been spotted out for walks with husband Edoardo and baby Sienna.