Peter Shilton, 72, took to social media to blast Liverpool fans for booing Prince William ahead of the club's penalty shootout victory against Chelsea after a goalless FA Cup Final on Saturday. Jurgen Klopp's side emerged victorious after Greek full-back Kostas Tsimikas tucked away a penalty to win the shootout 6-5. Mr Shilton, who received 125 caps for England and won two European Cups with Nottingham Forest, said on Twitter: "So disrespectful booing Prince William at yesterday's FA Cup Final... sadly it's a sign of the times in this country." Ahead of kick-off at Wembley, the Duke of Cambridge, 39, greeted players on the pitch as the President of the Football Association. However, when his name was announced on the stadium tannoy, fans from the Liverpool end booed the Prince. They also jeered and booed as singer-songwriter RAYE, who is also a Manchester United fan, performed God Save The Queen. Politicians across the political spectrum also condemned fans for booing the Duke of Cambridge. Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle said: "I utterly condemn any fans who booed Prince William at Wembley today. JUST IN: Lady Louise leads royal horses to applause as Queen watches tribute to Prince Philip "The FA Cup final should be an occasion when we come together as a country. It should not be ruined by a minority of fans' totally shameful behaviour. "In this year of all years – the Queen's Platinum Jubilee – this is dreadful." Tory MP Karen Bradley, who previously served as the Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, said: "It is utterly unacceptable and disgraceful that fans booed Prince William. "I would urge the FA to take all necessary action and pursue those responsible." Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey added: "We have the most wonderful monarch and those fans who booed do not represent their clubs or our country." Royal expert Omid Scobie suggested Liverpool fans booed the Prince in response to the Hillsborough disaster in 1989. The disaster saw 97 people fatally crushed during Liverpool's FA Cup semi-final clash against Nottingham Forest. Mr Scobie said on Twitter: "An unexpected moment at today's #FACupFinal, where Liverpool fans booed Prince William and National Anthem. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Sussexes could breach Queen's 'ring of steel' [BLOG]Fern Britton inundated with messages over prediction about the Queen [INSIGHT]Meghan should have engagement ring matching 'creative personality' [ANALYSIS] "My understanding (correct me if I'm wrong, Twitter) is that it's still felt there was an establishment cover-up over the Hillsborough disaster and getting justice for it." Despite being booed by Liverpool fans, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge said: "Congratulations @LFC on being crowned 2022 Men's FA Cup champions! "Very well deserved after a long journey and commiserations to @ChelseaFC, you showed real fight for the full 120 minutes and more." Prince William also handed over the FA Cup to English midfielder Jordan Henderson as the club won the domestic knock-out tournament for the eighth time.