The Tomahawk Land Attack Missiles, (TLAM) will benefit from the bumper upgrade on the UK's submarine fleet, making Britain more effective in deterring threats. The contract to upgrade the weapons system has been signed with the US Government which will see technical and maintenance support across various UK sites belonging to BAE Systems, Babcock International and Lockheed Martin. The Royal Navy’s Astute-Class submarines will be armed with an enhanced Block V standard missile, capable of striking severe threats at a range of up to 1,000 miles. The newly upgraded missiles will enjoy a longer range than their predecessor the Block IV variant, making the missile capable of precision strike ability with unmatched range and accuracy. New technology within the upgrade will also make the weapons resistant to counter-attacks or cyber-interference and will benefit from modern in-flight communication and target selection. Weighing in at 2,200kg apiece, and measuring over five meters in length, the Tomahawk first entered service in 1998. The missiles are capable of hitting land targets following a sea launch within minutes due to high subsonic speeds. Speaking of the upgrade, Minister for Defence Procurement Jeremy Quin said: "This upgrade will equip our Astute-Class attack submarines with one of the most lethal and precise long-range strike weapons. "Enhancing this cutting-edge missile system will ensure the UK can strike severe threats up to 1,000 miles away." The Tomahawk missiles will be upgraded as part of a Foreign Military Sale with the US Government, which was negotiated by the MoD’s procurement arm, Defence Equipment and Support and will be active from July. Making use of existing US research and expertise on the upgraded missile, the contract will mean the UK continues to receive full access to the US Tomahawk programme, support package and upgrades. READ MORE: Two Royal Navy ships spotted hiding from marine trackers Weapons Director Ed Cutts from DE&S said: "Not only will this FMS sustain and improve a proven, crucial operational capability for any future conflicts, but it will also continue to ensure interoperability with our US allies and the follow-on support arrangements will sustain jobs for UK industry." The upgrade has also seen intensive testing as well as training and operational support throughout the transition. Rear Admiral Simon Asquith, Director of Submarines said: "The Tomahawk Land Attack Cruise Missile is a cutting-edge system which provides the UK with real strategic and operational choice. "Able to be fired from a stealthy UK nuclear attack submarine, the system’s exceptional range, accuracy and survivability provides the UK, alongside our US Allies, with a world-beating precision strike capability." DON'T MISS: Bombshell new poll exposes how unpopular Macron is in France [REPORT]Russia 'forced to accept risk' of new assault [REVEAL]Erdogan outlines ‘valued project’ with Zelensky [INSIGHT]  The Block V variant, made by US supergiant arms company Raytheon is especially important in the Asia-Pacific, where China’s rocket force has an extraordinary reach with its DF-26 and DF-21 missiles, with ranges of 2,490 and 1,335 miles respectively, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. Furthermore, the missiles will also act as an important deterrent against Russia as Putin continues his relentless assault on southern neighbour Ukraine. With electronic and cyber warfare a key element in modern conflicts, the Tomahawk's counter interference technology is most notable. Speaking of the capabilities, Bryan Clark, a retired submarine officer and senior fellow at The Hudson Institute said: "It has greater electronic hardening to be able to work through jamming more effectively. "The hardening and the electronic countermeasures they’ve put into it make it harder to find and target with radar, and that improves its survivability. "They’ve incorporated a lot of survivability into Tomahawk over the years, this takes it a step further to make it less susceptible to jamming of its seeker or its communications. "But it could, perhaps, also counter enemy radar that might be used to target it and shoot it down."  With hypersonic missiles being a hot topic in recent times, the Tomahawk's sub-sonic speeds are actually seen as an advantage according to Mr Clark. He said: "The benefit of the sub-sonic missile is range. "Being sub-sonic means it's also able to travel at a more fuel-efficient speed. "So, the fact that the Tomahawk can travel more than 1,000 miles is a function of the sub-sonic speed. "To get that kind of range out of a supersonic missile you’d need something much larger." Each also comes with a reasonable price tag at just under £800,000 ($1m) a unit.