Liverpool have been crowned 2022 FA Cup champions after defeating Chelsea in the final at Wembley on Saturday afternoon. The Reds needed a penalty shootout to get the better of their rivals as Kostas Tsimikas dispatched the deciding spot kick. The Wembley showdown proved to be a scintillating affair as both sides attacked at will and carved out a hatful of chances. But remarkably neither team were able to find the back of the net during 90 minutes of normal time and 30 minutes of extra time. Luis Diaz was the man-of-the-match as he cut the Blues defence open time and time again. But he couldn’t find a route to goal, despite hitting the post. Meanwhile Andy Robertson also saw an effort come back off the upright when it looked easier to score. And Diogo Jota was guilty of missing chances as well. For Chelsea, Marcos Alonso saw a free-kick cannon back off the crossbar, while he, Romelu Lukaku and Christian Pulisic saw other opportunities go begging. The frenetic encounter switched from end-to-end during the 90 minutes before eventually dying down in the closing stages of extra time.   And the contest headed for the dreaded spot kicks as both sides searched for silverware. Cesar Azpilicueta saw his penalty come back off the post for Chelsea before Liverpool’s Sadio Mane was denied by Edouard Mendy when presented with the chance to win the match after 10 kicks apiece. But after Alisson saved Mason Mount’s effort, Tsimikas took full advantage as he thrashed home his penalty to send the Liverpool fans into raptures and ensure the Reds are still on course to land a historic quadruple. Jurgen Klopp’s side have already lifted the Carabao Cup and face Real Madrid in the Champions League final later this month. But they will need Manchester City to slip up in the Premier League if they are to achieve the feat as Pep Guardiola’s men are three points above the Reds in the top flight table with two games remaining. Express Sport provides live updates of the 2022 FA Cup final between Chelsea and Liverpool below.