"There are many warning signs of hypothyroidism," said Doctor Kumaran, ranging from fatigue and constipation to severe muscle pain. "Iodine deficiency is a known cause of hypothyroidism." She explained that the thyroid glands need iodine to make the thyroid hormone. Vital nutrients for thyroid health include: "There have also been reports of food triggers, e.g. dairy and gluten, that may be responsible for driving the autoimmune cause of hypothyroidism," added Doctor Kumaran. "This is often in connection with poor gut health and increased intestinal permeability." General dietary advice supplied by Doctor Kumaran includes eating plenty of colourful fruits and vegetables, the consumption of prebiotics and probiotics, in addition to omega-3 rich foods. READ MORE: Cancer – Four foods to reduce tumour risk – a doctor's recommendations The full list of symptoms of hypothyroidism: Doctor Kumaran cautioned: "There can be many consequences of untreated hypothyroidism." Consequences may include raised cholesterol, insulin resistance, and metabolic syndrome, which "may lead to a heart attack or stroke". Untreated hypothyroidism could also lead to thyroid eye disease, a formation of a goitre that presents as a mass at the base of the neck, severe depression, and a loss of taste, vision and hearing. Doctor Kumaran added: "Your heart rate could slow to the extent you develop a heart block or heart failure." Then there's the risk of a life-threatening myxoedema coma that's due to severe untreated hypothyroidism. If you identify with any symptoms of a hypothyroidism than book a doctor's appointment and discuss your concerns. The NHS stated that hypothyroidism is another term for an underactive thyroid. "An underactive thyroid can often be successfully treated by taking daily hormone tablets to replace the hormones your thyroid is not making," the health body assured. Such a simple solution can help you to avoid the bigger health complications associated with hypothyroidism. However, one type of medication is not a cure, so it is still helpful to lead a healthy lifestyle. Doctor Nirusa Kumaran is the Medical Director and Founder of Elemental Health Clinic.