Novak Djokovic has said he is “heartbroken” that his former coach Boris Becker has been sent to prison - and said he will “pray for him” to survive his sentence. The Wimbledon legend, now 54, was sentenced to two-and-a-half years in jail on Friday for a bankruptcy scam. The world No.1 was coached by the German for three seasons from 2014-16 as the Serb won six Grand Slams - including his first French Open - and 14 Masters titles. And speaking before the Madrid Masters, the 20-time Grand Slam champion said: “I am just heartbroken for him. He's a friend, long-time friend, a coach for three, four years, someone I consider close in my life and has contributed a lot to my success in my career. DON'T MISS: Tennis star Ksenia Palkina hit with 16-YEAR ban after match-fixing scandal “I was just heartbroken. I don't know what to say more than that. I'm not going to get into details of the verdict, because I'm not in a position to do that, but as his friend, I'm super sad for him. It's not much that you can say. “I just hope he will go through this period that he has to be in jail and that when he comes out he's, you know, being able to live his life as, I don't know if we'll use the word "normal," because the life is definitely changing, I mean, for anybody going to prison, especially for that long of a time. “So I don't know how things will turn out for him. I just pray for him. I hope things will be well in terms of his health, his mental health, because that's going to be the most challenging part.” Following the public news, Becker's daughter has also sent out a message to the sporting world to say thank you for the support of her father. Anna Ermakova, 22, issued a message thanking fans for their support following her dad’s conviction. The Wimbledon champion was sentenced to two-and-a-half years behind bars at Southwark Crown Court on Friday. Anna took to her Instagram last night to share a message with her 43,000 followers. She shared a picture of a calm sea at sunset as she thanked fans who had sent their support. Anna simply penned: “Thank you for all the support,” alongside two white hearts. 