Queen Elizabeth, 96, has owned corgis since the age of 14, all descended from Susan the corgi. The monarch has personally overseen a programme of Corgi breeding, providing the royal household with unlimited amounts of love and companionship. Wisdom Panel has partnered with royal historian Dr Ed Owens to unpack the influence of the monarch’s love for dogs.  What is it specifically about corgis that the Queen loves so much? Dr Ed Owens spoke exclusively to Express to explain. He said: “The fact that they’re loyal and loving. I partnered with Wisdom Panel, the No 1 dog DNA test, to create the ‘Top Royal Canines’ list, matching breed insights from testing millions of dogs to the traits of their royal owners. “Using data gleaned by testing three million dogs worldwide, we uncovered that these two traits are common within corgis and certainly mirror that of the Queen’s. READ MORE: Royal Family threat as younger voters see monarchy 'expensive luxury' “In her private role she is often having to deal with a number of crises involving members of the family, giving good counsel to relatives in need of support,” the expert claimed. But why are corgis and dorgis so special to the Queen? Dr Ed continued: “Dorgis are also a breed that the Queen is fond of and responsible for creating. “Princess Margaret’s dachshund, Pipkin, was left alone in a room with Tiny, the corgi and as a result, Tinker and Pickles the dorgis were born. Now in the twilight of her long reign, Elizabeth II has Candy the dorgi.  “The Queen’s character traits, this time as head of state, mirror those of her canine companion. As the Queen steps back from public roles, she will no doubt find increasing pleasure in time spent in the company of Candy. “The Queen has always been a devoted animal-lover and has taken a keen interest in the bloodlines of both her horses and dogs. “Along with the survival of the monarchy, perhaps another of Elizabeth II’s legacies will be the popularisation of the new crossbreed dorgi.” What do the corgis eat at Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle?  Dr Ed explained: “They are served fresh food daily, particularly meat such as beef, rabbit and chicken.” Has the Queen ever had a favourite individual corgi? Dr Ed commented: “Most likely Susan, her first ever corgi whom she was gifted for her 18th birthday by her father. “The Queen fell in love with the breed straight away, and without Susan, she would not have enjoyed the 30+ over her reign.  “Every corgi since has been descendant from Susan.” Prince Charles and Camilla own Jack Russell terriers, which may mean the association of corgis with royalty could come to an end once Charles becomes King. The expert said: “Other members of the Royal Family have demonstrated love for other breeds. “For example Charles had Jack Russell terriers growing up and he and the Duchess of Cornwall have two today. “The Cambridges meanwhile seem to like cocker spaniels.” 