The Foreign Secretary has signed a number of post-Brexit trade deals, including one with Australia, and is currently embattled in a row over the Northern Ireland Protocol. However, Ms Truss has come under fire previously for originally supporting Remain in the 2016 vote on Brexit. In the run-up to the referendum, Ms Truss tweeted in February 2016: “I am backing remain as I believe it is in Britain's economic interest and means we can focus on vital economic and social reform at home.” In June 2016, just days before the Brexit vote, Ms Truss tweeted: “Leave cannot name one country we would get a better trade deal with if we left the EU.” Following the vote that took Britain out of the bloc, Ms Truss’s Twitter account shows little activity in support of the UK remaining in the bloc. In 2017, Ms Truss publicly declared her change of heart and said she would back Brexit if another vote took place. Now, in an interview with The Telegraph, Ms Truss admitted she regrets her vote for Remain, and again said she would back Brexit. She said: “If I could go back to 2016, I would vote to leave. “What I’ve seen in both my job in trade and my role as Foreign Secretary is the new freedom and impetus that having an independent trade policy and independent foreign policy has enabled us to do. “And also, the portents of doom haven’t come to fruition.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Keir ‘undermining peace’ in Northern Ireland After being asked whether she was a “doomsayer” about leaving the EU, Ms Truss replied: “When the evidence changes, I change my mind. I think that’s the right thing to do.” Ms Truss is not the only former Remainer in Cabinet, as Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said he was “gutted” by the UK’s decision to leave the EU. He said in the same tweet: “But it is now my duty to make sure The UK thrives in the world and stays together.” Former Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab, who was replaced by Ms Truss, was also a Rmainer prior to the Brexit vote. Recently appointed Sajid Javid backed remaining in the EU during Brexit and was a member of the Britain Stronger in Europe group. Transport Secretary Grant Schapps also originally backed remain, as did Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis and COP26 President Alok Sharma. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Queen warned over Sussexes UK visit Xi containing 'huge alarm' over key US and UK powerplay Ambulances rush to store as 'people collapsing' It comes after Ms Truss met with Irish foreign ministry Simon Coveney on her proposed action on the Northern Ireland Protocol. Posting on social media after meeting at the Council of Europe, Ms Truss said: “I was clear that our priority is upholding the Belfast Good Friday Agreement and restoring political stability in Northern Ireland. “We remain open to a negotiated solution but we cannot allow any more drift.” Meanwhile, US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Congress will not support a free trade deal with Britain if the Government persists with “deeply concerning” plans to “unilaterally discard” the Northern Ireland Protocol. After Ms Pelosi’s warning, former Tory Cabinet minister John Redwood accused her of “idle threats”. Mr Redwood said: “Nancy Pelosi should talk to Unionists in Northern Ireland about the damage the EU is doing to the Northern Ireland Protocol. “It is the EU not the UK that has undermined it and led to the breakdown of the Assembly.”