TsargradTV, which is owned by a key supporter of President Vladimir Putin, claimed that the cost of living crisis gripping the UK is due to the British government’s support of sanctions against Moscow in response to its invasion of Ukraine. The outlet, backed by businessman and long-term Putin ally Konstantin Malofeev, argued that Western sanctions were pushing Britons to the point of starvation. Seizing on a joke made by Jeremy Clarkson in an article last month, the outlet claimed the situation was becoming so desperate there is a “risk of cannibalism”. In an article published on its website, the outlet described Russia and Belarus as the world’s “largest suppliers of food and fertilisers” and reasoned that, as the two countries are hampered by economic penalties, Western countries were being pushed to the brink. The article quoted a Sunday Times column by Mr Clarkson from earlier this month in which the presenter-turned-farmer jokes that it is only a matter of time before “people eat their neighbours”. In the article, Clarkson warns food and supplies could be drastically hit by the reduction of grain and a rise in the cost of fertiliser. Using the article as its source, the writer said - in a rough translation into English - “journalists begin to say terrible things aloud, remind them of the risk of cannibalism”. Published on Monday, the TsargradTV story - titled Cold, Hunger, Cannibalism: London fell into its own Ukrainian pit - claims to be publishing “No malice. Only facts”. It reads: “Things are not going well in the UK. “While politicians are playing into the Ukrainian crisis, their own population is preparing for starvation." It continues: “Europe is seeing an explosion in prices, and politicians are talking about the threat of mass starvation. In some cities of Britain, a state of emergency is introduced due to food shortages.” Britain is indeed facing astronomical rises in the cost of living, with soaring energy bills, fuel costs and food prices. READ MORE: Pro-Russian media savages Putin forcing troops to fight unprepared Energy regulator Ofgem has warned average energy bills will skyrocket by another £800 in October to £2,800, leaving thousands of Britain’s households struggling to make ends meet. However, TsargradTV has used the crisis to try to win public support for Russia’s faltering invasion of Ukraine. However, the Kremlin propaganda outlet’s claims that some cities in Britain have declared a state of emergency are entirely false. The article insists the sanctions imposed on Russia by the West in response to what the Kremlin dubs its “special operation” in Ukraine simply “destroyed supply chains” for its own people. The claim that Britain’s economic hardships are entirely due to its support for Ukraine serves as one of many examples of Kremlin propaganda making outlandish claims against the West as it tightens sanctions on Russia. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Lukashenko threatens 'full-scale world war' [LIVE]Putin humiliated following 'huge losses of elite units' [LATEST]Russian hackers lay bare ‘covert lobbying effort’ to influence Brexit [BREAKING]  Russia’s state-backed media channels have consistently slammed the West in response to its crackdown on Moscow since Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine on February 24. Putin’s mouthpieces on channels such as RT have accused Western countries of “hysteria” over the conflict in Ukraine, while independent media channels have been shut down and journalists banned from even calling the invasion a “war”. There is also evidence of Russia using networks of internet trolls to spread propaganda and disinformation about the war online in an attempt to drum up support for the Kremlin. The British government said last month that online operatives based in St Petersburg were ordering followers to target western media outlets and politicians, including UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, in an attempt to bolster its war effort. Russia’s media has consistently sought to justify what Putin calls the “special operation” in Ukraine, parroting the president’s claims that the invasion seeks to “de-nazify” the country.