NHS prescription charges will not see a rise in the standard cost despite usually increasing in line with average inflation. The freeze, which applies to single prescription charges and prescription prepayment certificates in England, has been described by Health Secretary Sajid Javid, as a chance to “put money back in people’s pockets”, but exactly how much will it save NHS patients across the country? Here’s everything you need to know about the price freeze, and how to access further help with your prescription charges. According to the Department of Health, charges for prescriptions will remain at £9.35 for a single charge or £30.25 for a three-month prescription prepayment certificate (PPC) in England. 12-month PPCs will also remain fixed at £108.10, and can be paid for in instalments, meaning people can “get all the medicines they need” for just over £2 a week, said gov.uk. The decision to freeze the price - which has not risen since April 2021, is just one move in the Government’s strategy to find ways to reduce living costs for families across the country.  READ MORE: Free prescription age for over 60s: Woman on PIP shares 'huge worry' Sajid Javid said: “The rise in the cost of living has been unavoidable as we face global challenges and the repercussions of Putin’s illegal war in Ukraine. “Whilst we can’t completely prevent these rises, where we can help, we absolutely will.” The Health Secretary has claimed that the freeze on charges will save a total of £17 million, with prices said to remain fixed until next year. In addition to the suspended price rise, the Government has made clear that the low income scheme which offers people help with payments is still in place, along with the free prescription service. While most people have to pay for NHS prescriptions at the rate of £9.35 per item, some groups are entitled to receive them for free. According to the NHS, you can get free prescriptions, if at the time the items are dispensed, you: DON'T MISS:High cholesterol; Three smelly symptoms associated with high levels [REVEAL]NHS free prescription age may rise but 15 groups already get them free [INSIGHT]Britons face £100 fine for falsely claiming free prescriptions [ANALYSIS] While the price freeze will prevent any further rises in the cost of NHS prescriptions, the decision offers no discount on existing prices. If you are not eligible for free prescriptions but struggle to pay for them yourself, there is help available - but only if you meet certain criteria. The HC3 certificate can be used to grant people partial help with prescription expenses. You are entitled to apply for this if your savings and property (excluding your permanent address), investments do not exceed: