Mr Myers, was talking with journalist Ranvir Singh about Portsmouth and Bournemouth council's decision to impose the ban on bunting. He described the councils' imposing the bans 'killjoy council chiefs' as he claimed it was a time to get together and party. The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations are set to kick off this week, and many Britons are enjoying her Majesty's celebrations by attending local street parties with their neighbours and close friends and family. Mr Myers explained that the Jubilee was something for everyone to get involved in, and expected to see shop fronts dressed up with displays. Ms Singh said: "Now, there's a bit of a concern, isn't there, some of them might be at risk?" Mr Myers replied on the Lorraine programme: "Well, this is extraordinary, over the weekend we heard that some of the Jubilee Parties are potentially at risk from some killjoy council chiefs. "I was reading at the weekend that Portsmouth council have been banning bunting, can you believe? "I mean, this is something that we want people to get involved in, dressing up shop fronts, you know street parties and what not." JUST IN: Serbia turns back on EU to strike NEW gas deal with Putin in major boost for Russia     Mr Myers added: "But they're saying some of the bunting is too heavy, can you believe. "It sounds absolutely Ludicrous, and then some businesses in Sheerness-on-Sea were telling people to take the bunting down. "Because it was flapping in the wind, I mean have you ever heard of anything so ludicrous in your life? "I think people should get together, get together in the party spirit and have a bit of fun with it."   READ MORE:Energy crisis lifeline: UK to open £11m green gas plant to power thousands of homes     Many families and communities have been planning celebratory street parties for the past few months, in preparation for the big British event. Albie Somerset, a resident who is planning a street party there, said: "This is ludicrous and a crazy decision by the council. "We filled out all the forms and jumped through all the hoops to get the road closure. Portsmouth Council has not been the only local authority warning members of the public about the Jubilee decorations. The Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council banned the use of bunting being strung high from lamposts in the streets. The council told party organisers: "Lamp columns must not have any items attached to them as they are not designed for this purpose." It added: "The safety of our public during the celebration is of paramount importance." 