Manchester City have slapped a price tag of around £40million on Arsenal target Gabriel Jesus, according to reports. Arsenal are keen on signing Jesus this summer, a year before his City contract expires. The Brazilian has hit a rich vein of form since the Gunners' interest surfaced. He has scored six goals in his last three matches in all competitions, including one in the 4-0 win over Leeds on Saturday which took Pep Guardiola's side back to the top of the Premier League. Jesus' lack of starts this season has led to him potentially seeking an exit but he has now started four of the club's last five matches. But with his contract running down, City have had to come up with a price they would accept this summer if he does not pen a new deal. And the Mirror claims the figure decided upon is around £40m. Raheem Sterling could also be sold, with both players potentially bringing in over £100m to the Etihad club. READ MORE: Man City chiefs 'believe Haaland deal is done' as Real Madrid position explained  City are heavy favourites to sign Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland, so Jesus' game time could be further reduced if he does stay. Meanwhile, Arsenal are in desperate need of at least one new forward. Reports claim Mikel Arteta will look to add two players to his frontline and it has been claimed they are to submit a £35m bid for Jesus. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both out of contract in the summer. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left in January, so Arteta could have a completely new-look attack from next season. Jesus has not always played as a No 9 for Pep Guardiola but his versatility across the front would be attractive to Arteta, especially if he does bring in another out-and-out striker. DON'T MISS: Barcelona ‘interested in two Man Utd players’ as Frenkie de Jong talks could begin in days  Arsenal spent around £150m on new signings last summer so £40m for Jesus should not be an issue. The club's technical director Edu spoke about plans for the summer in an interview with ESPN last week. Edu claimed plans had already been submitted to the club's owners about the targets they have in the upcoming window. He said: "Our planning has already been done, it has already reached the owners. "It's a matter of step by step, how we are going to finish the season and to put in place the planning that I'm very excited about. A lot of things have to be put in place and that takes time, so I am expecting a busy summer.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 