On Saturday stocks in the electric car maker had fallen 7 percent overnight. The Tesla price (TSLA) now stands at $663.90 (£531.61) as of the time of writing. Shares in Tesla have fallen down 13.5 percent in the last five days. The share price tumble has coincided with a report by the Business Insider, that Mr Musk has sexually harassed an employee. This is a claim that Mr Musk vehemently denies. In the sensational article, Business Insider journalist Rich McHugh wrote: "She accused Musk of exposing his erect penis to her. "He was rubbing her leg without consent, and offering to buy her a horse in exchange for an erotic massage, according to interviews and documents obtained by Insider.” READ MORE: Elon Musk compares President Joe Biden to Ron Burgundy in cost row  It was then alleged that SpaceX paid a former company flight attendant $250,000 (£200,000) to silence her from bringing the incident to light. Mr Musk defended himself on Twitter and sought to characterise the report as a politically motivated attack on him. Mr Musk tweeted: "The attacks against me should be viewed through a political lens. "This is their standard despicable playbook.  DON'T MISS Elon Musk Twitter: Why has Elon Musk put his Twitter bid on hold? Why Elon Musk has stalled plans to buy Twitter Elon Musk sparks China fury over Starlink satellite’s military purpose  "But nothing will deter me from fighting for a good future and your right to free speech." Mr Musk added in a tweet: "In the past I voted Democrat because they were mostly the kindness party. "But they have become the party of division & hate, so I can no longer support them and will vote Republican. "Now, watch their dirty tricks campaign against me unfold." Now #Elongate is trending on Twitter, something that Mr Musk had ironically jested about months before the event. On March 25 Mr Musk tweeted: "If there’s ever a scandal about me, please call it Elongate." Yesterday Mr Musk tweeted: "Finally, we get to use Elongate as a scandal name. "It’s kinda perfect." 