Erik ten Hag reportedly thinks Cristiano Ronaldo has received unfair criticism at Manchester United this season. And he’s right. Yes, the Red Devils did well without him under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer last term. But, without him, where would they be now? Back in the summer, United initially had no designs on signing another striker. They’d added Jadon Sancho to their squad and also had Mason Greenwood, Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Edinson Cavani as other options for down the middle. However, when news broke that Ronaldo was on the verge of moving to Manchester City, plans changed. United then acted with speed to bring the Portugal international back to Old Trafford, 12 years after he’d left for Real Madrid. It was a sensational transfer, one that captivated the footballing world. At long last, the prodigal son was coming home. Since then, United have endured a nightmare campaign. Whisper it quietly, but it may be even worse than the 2013/2014 campaign where they toiled under David Moyes. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Yet Ronaldo has been a shining light, netting 24 goals across all competitions. To put that into perspective, that’s more than Rashford, Martial, Greenwood and Cavani have combined. The Telegraph have claimed that, behind the scenes, Ten Hag thinks criticism levelled at the 37-year-old has been out of order. And those goal statistics, coupled with his overall displays, certainly would back that up. Yes, United finished second under Solskjaer last term - after finishing third under the 49-year-old the previous year. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Yet without Ronaldo, and his goals, it’s possible things would have been even worse this season. The Portugal international isn’t the player he once was, admittedly. There’s no longer the speedy runs down the wing, or the tricks and flicks that once wowed fans. But this Ronaldo remains a player worth keeping. There’s going to be big change at United this season, with Jesse Lingard, Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Nemanja Matic and Cavani heading out the door. And that means United will need to sign at least five players to ensure they’re not left short. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Replacing Ronaldo shouldn’t be a priority. Instead, Roy Keane hit the nail on the head when he explained how the veteran instead needed other players around him. Speaking to Sky Sports on Monday, Keane said: “I just think with the goals that he has got, his performances, warrants staying at the club. “But Manchester United have to get players around him, they have to get other strikers in, there has to be competition for places. “If the leading goalscorer, the man you are depending on, is 37 years of age then that is certainly not good but I would certainly be holding onto Ronaldo. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “There might be a conversation that needs to be had about the way you are going to play or that you are not going to be playing week in and week out. “But why would you get rid of a player who scores that many goals? I don’t see the logic in it.” And Ralf Rangnick appears to be of the opinion that Ronaldo should be at Old Trafford next season as well. “I don’t think why it should be a wave of goodbye,” he said after his side’s 3-0 win over Brentford, where Ronaldo scored. “He’s got another year of his contract, and as far as I know he will be here next season again.”