The state pension is automatically uplifted each year for those living in the UK. However, for those who choose to move abroad to certain countries, the sum may be frozen. Some expats have said they are facing financial hardship as a result, calling for the Government to reassess the policy. Their calls have been recognised this week by Carol Monaghan, the Scottish National Party (SNP) MP for Glasgow North West. Speaking in the House of Commons, Ms Monaghan said: “Many UK citizens abroad, including a significant number of veterans, are living in poverty because of the freeze in overseas pensions. “Their pension is frozen at the point at which they moved. READ MORE: State pension alert as some may get ‘higher’ sum than full new amount “Countries such as Canada have formally requested a reciprocal arrangement to cover pension uprating, but this UK Government have declined. “Our pensioners include veterans who have given the very best of themselves through their service. “We have a duty of care to them.” The state pension is only uprated in the following countries: DON'T MISSRishi Sunak ‘poised to swoop’ with 55% tax on pension saving breach [ANALYSIS]WASPI woman caring for brother-in-law slams state pension sum [VIDEO]‘Consequences!’ 520,000 Britons to face state pension freeze [UPDATE] As a result, there are British citizens living overseas who are not entitled to annual state pension rises. The End Frozen Pensions Campaign has estimated this policy applies to 520,000 Britons across the world. Acknowledging Ms Monaghan’s statement, the organisation said: “Thank you for highlighting how many overseas British pensioners are currently facing poverty because of the UK Government's frozen pensions policy.” They described the policy as “cruel” and are campaigning for it to be reversed. The Government, however, has recently stated it has “no intention” to reverse the frozen state pension policy. It is estimated it would cost over £0.6billion extra per year to up-rate frozen pensions in full. Ultimately, the Government has stated this is a cost they are unwilling to bear, adding it would be “unfair to impose an additional burden on taxpayers in the UK”. The full new state pension is currently worth £185.15 per week. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea While the full basic state pension pays out £141.85 per week to eligible individuals. People will receive differing amounts based on their National Insurance record, and if they were contracted out. A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk “We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and that this can impact on their finances. “There is information on gov.uk about what the effect of going abroad will be on entitlement to the UK State Pension. “The Government’s policy on the uprating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a longstanding one of more than 70 years. “We continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”