Viewers of Channel 4’s Undercover Boss USA saw the president of frozen yogurt chain reward Christina for persevering through hard times. Undercover Boss USA shows the journey of bosses who go in disguise among their own staff to see where their firm is excelling and where it needs improvement. Christina is a shift leader at one of the leading Menchie branches. She explained that she had moved away from home and went to college to play basketball. However when her mum got sick, she left school and take care of her mother. “I’ve been going through a lot,” she added. READ MORE: Interest rates rise but 'worst time' for savers since 1977 as inflation 'wipes out' value She explained that she worked two jobs because she had a three year old to care for, her son. She said: “I feel that if I can’t do for myself, that I have to do for him.” Mr Kleinberger was blown away by Christina’s strength. Despite all the hardships she had been through, she was a very friendly and welcoming employee. He wanted to help her and ease any stress in her life. He said: “You’re amazing. Watching you today and seeing you interact with people, you inspired me.” Family is very important to Christina, who is close to her father and her son. As Christina had mentioned her father being a rock in her life, Mr Kleinberger wanted to do something for them all. He said: “I want to send you on a fully paid vacation to Hawaii with your father and your son. “I want to do something for your son as well. I want to give you $5,000 (around £4,000) to set up a college fund for your son, so when he grows up you can look at him and know he has money for his degree.” In shock, Christina responded: “I can’t, are you serious right now?” Mr Kleinberger continued: “Christina looking at you and how you inspire your friends and others around you, I want to do one more thing for you because you put everyone else before you. “I’m going to give you $10,000 (around £8,100) for you, for anything you want.” In disbelief she thanked the undercover boss. She said: “Wow this is absolutely amazing, thank you so much. Life now, I can breath.” Undercover Boss USA is available to watch on All 4.