The massive increase in demand for electric cars is struggling to be met by manufacturers under pressure from parts shortages and the war in Ukraine. The waiting time on a Porsche Taycan at the end of the scale is a whopping eighteen months. While delivery times vary for other manufacturers and countries, car giants including Tesla and Volkswagen are also reporting delays of over a year. According to specialist EV site electrifying.com, buyers who want a new Tesla Model S or X won’t receive their cars until late in 2023. Drivers who hope to buy a Lexus UX 300e will have to wait until the second quarter of next year, the company has said. And there is a delay of 12 months for certain Volkswagen models, including the ID3 and ID4. READ MORE: 'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' A spokesperson for Volkswagen said the “continued shortage of semiconductors combined with the impact on the supply chain from the war in Ukraine” had led to “increased delivery times above ideal levels”. For some customers this would “indicate a 2023 delivery”. The spokesperson added: “Our retailers are ready and waiting to work with customers to manage the delivery window and have a range of tools to support customers while they await their car.” Meanwhile, waiting times for a BMW i4 or iX and a Mini Electric are slightly shorter at between six and nine months. A spokesman for BMW said some models required a transit time of four to six weeks, which was included in the overall waiting time. “Individual BMW and Mini retailers are best placed to answer customers’ questions relating to lead times,” the spokesman added. Ginny Buckley, of electrifying.com, said: “Cars like the Volkswagen ID3, which were freely available 12 months ago, now have waiting times of more than a year. “This is down to a perfect storm of increased demand coupled with a shortage of vital components.” Ms Buckley said some EVs were available with shorter waiting times. She added: “If you can be flexible with your choice there are some cars available within weeks rather than months, including popular models such as the Tesla Model 3.” She added: “It’s also worth checking at your dealership to see if there’s a brand-new car in stock, rather than a factory order. “It may not be the exact version you’re looking for, but if you’re willing to compromise on the finishing touches, like its colour and wheels, you might be able to get hold of a car in a few days rather than a few months.” Maximum wait times for EVs as of May 2022 (via electrifying.com)Porsche Taycan: 18 monthsLexus UX300e: 12 monthsCupra Born: 12 monthsVolkswagen: ID3 or ID4 12 monthsSkoda Enyag iV: 10 months Mini Electric: 9 monthsBMW i4 or iX: 9 monthsFord Mustang Mach E: 7 monthsJaguar iPace: 6 monthsPeugeot e208: 4 months