Manchester United hero Zlatan Ibrahimovic has revealed he ‘had fun’ during his 18-month stint at Old Trafford. The Sweden international moved to the club on a free transfer from Paris Saint-Germain back in 2016. And he didn’t disappoint, bagging an impressive 29 goals across all competitions and playing a key role as the Red Devils won two trophies. Manchester United signed Ibrahimovic at the start of the Jose Mourinho era nearly six years ago, with the veteran then proceeding to take the Premier League by storm. And the striker, who is still going strong at Serie A giants AC Milan, has now admitted he enjoyed his time at Old Trafford. "I had fun," the 40-year-old told ESPN when asked about his brief stint in the Premier League. "I really enjoyed because when I came, everybody was against it. And then in England, they didn't like me. "All these haters, after three months, they started to like me, I didn't like them anymore. "I like people when they hate you because then they bring out the better of you. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “I had fun. [It] is a great competition, [an] amazing atmosphere. "And I'm happy I played for United, which I think is the best team in England. And I think it was the right choice to go to Manchester United. "I think I came in a good moment. Because it's easy to come to a club when the success is already there. It's more difficult when you come and the challenge is different. "And then if you manage to have a success, you're part of the story. So the fans was great to me. And I really enjoyed [it]. A lot of things happened." Ibrahimovic won the Carabao Cup with United during his first season. He scored twice in the 3-2 final victory over Southampton, with Jesse Lingard also on target at Wembley. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Ibrahimovic also played a key role as United won the Europa League, too, though missed the final win over Ajax due to injury. In the summer of 2017, the Red Devils decided to sign a new striker to keep the veteran on his toes. Romelu Lukaku touched down from Everton but Ibrahimovic left for LA Galaxy soon afterwards, having struggled to secure a starting spot following his serious injury. Despite that, though, it seems the former Inter Milan, Juventus, PSG and Barcelona star enjoyed himself at United. And that’s despite Ibrahimovic previously criticising the Red Devils, saying he thought they had a ‘small, closed mentality’. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “One thing surprised me: everyone thinks of United as a top club, one of the richest and most powerful in the world and seen from the outside it looked that way to me,” he said last year. “But once I was there I found a small, closed mentality.” And he then added: “One day I was in the hotel with the team before a game. I got thirsty so I opened the mini-bar and had a fruit juice. “We played and then went home. Some time went by. My pay slip arrives. “Normally I don’t look at it. I only do so at the end of the year to see what’s come in and what’s gone out. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “But that time, I don’t know why, I was curious and realised they’d taken a pound off my monthly wage. “I called the team manager: ‘Excuse me, why have they taken a pound off my salary.’ The team manager had a look and told me: ‘It was the fruit juice from the mini-bar.’ ‘Are you kidding, seriously?’ ‘No, I’m not. Here, if you order something you have to pay for it.’ ‘Sure, but I didn’t go to the hotel on my own accord. I wasn’t on holiday. It was my work place. I was there for Manchester. If I have to play and I'm thirsty, I have to drink. I can’t go on the pitch dehydrated.’ “Can you believe it? A quid? Something like that would never happen in Italy. These are the details that make a difference and earn the respect of the players. “Every day I was asked to show my papers just to get into the training ground. I’d lower my window and say to the person at the gate: ‘Listen my friend I’ve been coming here every day for a month. I’m the best player in the world. If you still don't recognise me, you’re in the wrong job.’”