While the best high-pressure showerheads promise to improve the force of which your water comes out, there are cheaper alternatives to acquiring a new spray head. In most cases, limescale is the culprit, and cleaning your outputs (including their spouts and nozzles) is an option that should be considered before splashing out on bathroom paraphernalia. Richard Southern, plumbing expert from PriceYourJob explained: “There are various actions you can take to boost the water pressure in your home and some reasons can be really easy to fix.” The expert noted that the first step is to check the water main valves. He said: “Firstly, check your water mains valve, which is often found under the kitchen sink. “The valve should be completely open to allow water to flow through easily, so even if it is just slightly closed, then this can restrict its flow. READ MORE: Leak calamity: 'Low water pressure made my life a misery' “If your water pressure is normal with some taps but not with others, then this would be a sign of a localised blocked pipe, which can especially be an issue if you live in a hard water area with high levels of limescale. “Check your taps and if there is significant limescale present, then this could be a sign that limescale may be the issue.” If the water supply is downhill and far away from your home, then Richard explained that homeowners will naturally struggle to get a strong water supply than a home closer to the water supply. To improve this, Richard advised: “Have a booster pump installed by a trusted plumber who can ensure the pump is approved by the Water Regulations Advisory Scheme, as there must be safeguards on the pump to ensure the pump is fit for use. DON'T MISS: Lawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’ [EXPERT]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [INSIGHT]‘Fast and effective way’ to kill ‘stubborn’ weeds with natural methods [TIPS] “A pump re-pressurises water before it enters your home, instantly improving your water pressure.” Although a big investment, a water softener will reduce the hard water minerals in your water. Soft(er) water has so many benefits for your skin and hair, so is an all-round winner in the home. It's worth doing your due diligence with a simple diagnostics test to see if you have low water pressure. Richard suggested: “You can buy a water pressure gauge from a DIY shop to test the strength in your home, but usually this is an unnecessary step as it can be quite obvious to tell you have low water pressure. “If your shower is weak, the washing machine takes longer to fill up or if your tap feels slower than it should then you most likely have a low-pressure issue. “If you are not sure, try filling up a bucket, or even just filling up a kettle. “Turn the tap on its highest level and time how long it takes. If it takes longer than around 30 to 40 seconds then this is a sure sign you have low pressure.” Depending on the issue, the plumbing expert explained that homeowners can sometimes increase their water pressure themselves. He said: “Sometimes low water pressure can be caused by a simple issue, such as a slightly closed water valve or a build-up of limescale on taps, which can be easily resolved. “If your shower is the only issue, then you could try changing showerheads and getting one that promises to improve water pressure. “If, however, the quick fixes don’t work, then you will need to contact a reputable plumber, who will come and inspect and assess the issue. “Depending on your location, they may advise installing a booster pump to help increase pressure, or they may check for blocked pipes that need unblocking.”