New research has found that noisy neighbours, pet odours, pebble dash, being near a pub and Japanese knotweed are among the features that can see buyers offer under the asking price or put them off a property entirely. The research by Hammonds Furniture has revealed which features could knock an average of £55,400 off the value of a home. Hammonds asked 2,000 UK house hunters to share what they would avoid or see as being off-putting in a home. Some of the features that put buyers off include mould or damp on walls and any signs of a pest infestation. Sixty-two percent of UK house hunters would be put off purchasing if there was mould and damp. Japanese knotweed, an invasive species that can cause damage to foundations, would put off 58 percent of UK home hunters. Pest infestations would put off 57 percent of buyers while 50 percent would be put off by old electrics and wiring. Noisy neighbours would be a deterrent for 48 percent of house hunters. READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home  Michael Patterson, managing director of WeBuyAnyHouse said these issues can knock a huge 20 percent off a property’s value. This equates to £55,400 based on the average UK house price of £277,000. He said: “Mild cases of mould may not affect value too dramatically if all that is needed is a dehumidifier and some mould-resistant paint, but very severe cases can reduce a property’s value up to 20 percent. “Pests can also cause extensive damage, especially rats that are prone to chewing through electrics and wooden beams, which you would need to repair.  DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]‘Highly effective’ 27p method to kill patio weeds - ‘works quickly’ [UPDATE]House prices: UK city seeing the biggest rise in asking prices [ANALYSIS] “Depending on the damage done, you could be looking at between five to 20 percent of a decrease in value.” While house hunters being put off disrepair and pests may not be surprising, other more fixable problems can also put off buyers. A third of those asked would be put off a property if it had a messy garden. Neglecting outdoor space can also knock off up to 20 percent of a property’s price too, according to Mr Patterson. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea A quarter of respondents would also look elsewhere if the house they were viewing had “ugly wallpaper”. Nineteen percent of UK house hunters would be put off a home with any holes in the walls from hanging pictures or paintings. A whopping 37 percent of those asked said they’d also find pet smells off-putting, and 28 percent would reconsider purchasing if a property had poor water pressure in the shower(s). Almost 40 percent said they would reconsider buying a home if the neighbouring home looked “messy”.  Nearly a third would also be put off by a property being located close to a pub. Meanwhile, one in seven would reconsider buying a house if it was located on a road with a rude street name. Other popular features that can also put some people off include hot tubs and swimming pools. Ten percent would not choose a property if it had a swimming pool or hot tub, while 13 percent dislike laminate flooring.