Durham Constabulary are to look again at whether the Labour leader a gathering in April 2021 was against the law. Sir Keir was filmed drinking a bottle of beer with colleagues in the Durham office of Mary Foy, the local Labour MP, when mixing indoors with those from another household was banned. He has insisted he followed the rules and the incident was a work event. The Labour leader says he stopped to have a quick dinner in between working on the local elections. Durham police originally rejected claims to investigate whether rules were broken by the Labour leader. However, there has been growing pressure on the force to reconsider after Prime Minister and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were fined for an event inside No10 in which Boris Johnson was presented with a birthday cake. READ MORE: Starmer is the big loser from the local elections not Boris  Conservative MPs say there is little difference between the two events and that if Mr Johnson was fined, the Labour leader should also face a police inquiry. In the face of growing demands from Tory MPs, police are to now launch a formal investigation. A spokesman for Durham Constabulary said: "Earlier this year, Durham Constabulary carried out an assessment as to whether COVID-19 regulations had been breached at a gathering in Durham City on April 30 2021. "At the time, it was concluded that no offence had been established and therefore no further action would be taken. "Following the receipt of significant new information over recent days, Durham Constabulary has reviewed that position and now, following the conclusion of the pre-election period, we can confirm that an investigation into potential breaches of COVID-19 regulations relating to this gathering is now being conducted." In recent days it has emerged as many as 30 people could have been present in the office, with a large takeaway curry order having been sent to the office. DON'T MISS:Boris could call ‘early general election’ to keep Tories in power [INSIGHT]The key areas Labour has taken from Tories - ‘History made’ [IN DEPTH]Starmer needs a rainbow Rejoiner coalition to win power, poll shows [LATEST]  The party has also been forced to admit deputy leader Angela Rayner was also in the constituency office, having previously claimed she was not present. The new revelations raised questions over the accuracy of Labour's original denial of rule breaking, adding to calls for a police investigation to establish the truth. A Labour Party spokesperson said today: “We’re obviously happy to answer any questions there are and we remain clear that no rules were broken.” Sir Keir Starmer has repeatedly urged the Prime Minister to resign since receiving a fixed term penalty notice for breaching Covid regulations.  "Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. They must both resign," he tweeted after the fines were issued. "The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better." Even if Durham fines Sir Keir broke the rules, it is unlikely it will issue a fine for the Labour leader after saying repeatedly that it does not issue fixed penalty notices retrospectively. The force took the same approach when Dominic Cummings breach lockdown laws in April 2020 with his infamous Bernard Castle visit. 