Prince Edward's former girlfriend Ruthie Henshall gave royal fans a glimpse of how relaxed a royal gathering at Balmoral can be as she shared a hilarious memory from the days she was mixing with the royals. The actress and singer joined senior royals in Scotland in 1992 while she was dating the monarch's youngest son. While sharing a few drinks with her high-profile hosts, Ms Henshall was listening to the Queen and her sister Princess Margaret singing a hymn. Princess Diana, the performer claimed, invited her to "stop them" and step in to sing something else - a move also welcomed by the sovereign's sibling. Speaking to Hello!, Ms Henshall said: "The Queen and Princess Margaret were singing a hymn and Diana said to me: 'Stop them singing hymns'. "And Margaret said: 'Oh yes, sing something from that show you're in.' "So I sung I Dreamed A Dream." The song chosen by Ms Henshall comes from Les Miserables, in which she was cast as one of the main characters, Fantine, in 1992. Recalling her day with the royals, the performer added: "I was so nervous I must have changed key three times because it suddenly it really was by royal command. "Prince Charles had given me a couple of strong martinis, which was probably why I was able to sing." READ MORE: Royal family news: Number of Britons wanting to ditch monarchy SOARS The royals, she added, "are a laugh" and very much welcoming and "so lovely. Describing senior members of the Firm, she also said: "I don't think you ever forget who you're in the presence of, but you're looking at a family that is just hanging out together like any other family." The Queen and Prince Philip traditionally spent a few weeks in the late summer at Balmoral Castle. There, they would invite family and friends - as well as the Prime Minister - and attend a number of events, including the Braemar Gathering in September. Prince Edward and Ms Henshall dated for a few years in the 1990s, after meeting her while he was working as a production assistant on a number of musicals including Cats and The Phantom of the Opera. Following the end of his relationship with the singer and actress, the Earl of Wessex met Sophie Rhys-Jones - who he married in 1999. The couple has two children - Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn - and are known to enjoy their time in Scotland with the Queen. Speaking to the Telegraph last year, the Countess of Wessex joked: "The poor Queen has had to put up with us staying on much longer than anybody else in Scotland and Norfolk." The teenager - aged 18 and 14 respectively - are the Queen's youngest grandchildren. Her Majesty is believed to be very fond of Louise and James and was reportedly impressed with their love for Balmoral. A royal source claimed to the Sun in 2019: "The Queen loves the fact that Louise and James relish their time at Balmoral and she has become particularly close to Louise, who seems to have become her favourite grandchild, closely followed by James." The Viscount is said to have "delighted" the Queen by taking on fly-fishing, a hobby particularly cherished by the Queen Mother. The source added: "[James’] enthusiasm for fly-fishing delighted Her Majesty because it’s a sport beloved of James’ great-granny, the late Queen Mother. "James was in the Dee as often as possible, waders up to his armpits."