The Chase star Mark Labbett has revealed he has plenty of admirers as the quizmaster opened up about his love life following his split from his wife Katie Labbett. The couple, who tied the knot in 2014, decided to call it quits six years later. Katie, 29, who is almost three decades the quizzer's junior, has since moved on to another relationship after the former couple attempted to embark on an open relationship. Mark, 56, and Katie share a young son together and have decided to co-parent. The star, otherwise known as The Beast, and his former partner confirmed their separation in 2020 and blamed their 27-year age gap and life in lockdown during the Covid-19 pandemic as part of their marital woes. Mark has since addressed life as a single man and admitted he does not have the time for a romantic relationship. READ MORE: Julia Fox stuns onlookers as she strips off to bra and pants at shops “I’m too busy for a relationship,” he told The Sun in a new interview. It has since been reported that Mark also said he "promised to look after" his wife and their child. The former couple first met via Facebook in 2010 - but Katie claimed at the time she had no clue who Mark was. "I had never heard of Mark, or watched The Chase, but my gran mentioned him so I was intrigued," the mum-of-one explained.  The pair hit it off after the quizmaster invited Katie to watch a celebrity Chase special being filmed and they went out for drinks back in 2012. Mark and Katie’s dads are first cousins - making the former couple second cousins - but both have always maintained they had no idea they were related until after their fairytale castle wedding. The on-screen star addressed their relations during a joint chat on ITV's Loose Women prior to the couple's split. "It wasn't something we were aware of at the time - it was one of those things that happened." DON'T MISS... Monty Don bedridden for days after Gardeners' World absence[LATEST]Eamonn Holmes was 'aggressive' with David Cassidy after row with Ruth[ADMISSION]Holly Willoughby stuns fans as she strips off for selfie after shower[PICTURES] The Chaser has since revealed he is not short of offers from the opposite sex and now has a personal guard. Meanwhile, Mark has shared his excitement as the quiz champion returns to viewers' screens tonight for a Chase special. The ITV favourite will be joined by his fellow Chasers including Paul Sinha, Shaun Wallace, Darragh Ennis, Jenny Ryan and Australian quizzer Issa Schultz, who has stepped in for regular star Anne Hegerty. Taking to Twitter today, Mark urged viewers tune into the spin-off quiz show.   In view of his 158,000 followers, he penned: "#beatthechasers tonight. We really have got the offers down to a fine art now, much more consistent. You really earn your cash on this show." Fans rushed to comment, as Twitter user Kloe said: "Can’t wait!! I was at one of the recordings and I know just how brilliant this series is gonna be." Iron Sal joked: "Mark I've almost finished my application for millionaire. Would you be a phone a friend?" The Chase airs weekdays on ITV at 5pm. Beat The Chasers airs tonight at 9pm on the same channel.