Some unscrupulous used car dealers have been in the spotlight recently for selling vehicles without disclosing crash damage or incorrectly categorising them to avoid mentioning any previous accidents. Consumer advocate Ian Ferguson runs the site Rejectmy and specialises in automotive disputes. Today for Express.co.uk, he has exclusively put together a list of essential things to look out for whenever you’re considering buying a car - or even if you’ve already bought it and feel something just isn’t quite right. Poor panel fitIan says: “Since the mid 1990s cars have been built by robots meaning panel fit is accurate and consistent. If the panel gaps on your car are inconsistent then it is likely they have been replaced or repaired at some point. “Check both sides of the car to get a comparison and if one side differs, then that area should be checked further. “Bumpers should fit snugly to the bodywork and the tailgate should never rub on the rear bumper. “Even small parking bumps can cause serious damage, so never take this kind of bump lightly. Get it checked by an expert if in doubt.” READ MORE: Drivers may face two years in prison for driving after summer rain Uneven paint surfacesAccording to Ian, if paint looks rippled or has circular indentations (also known as fish-eyes due to their sunken appearance) then it may have been repaired poorly at some point. He explains: “When dents are repaired, very often poor quality repairs involve too much body filler and when this is smoothed out, the sanding process leaves grooves. Once these are painted their appearance is made more visible by the uneven paint reflection. “Over time too much filler will expand and contract, leaving the paint cracked and unsightly. “Fish eyes are caused by poor preparation, and suggests the panel was not spotlessly clean prior to the paint being applied. Surface tension causes these spots to appear when the paint is drying. They are unsightly and can cause the paint to peel off at a later point. DON'T MISSEU’s petrol and diesel ban targets the poor and is 'wasteful' [COMMENT]Millions of drivers at risk of major £5,000 fines for 'serious issue' [WARNING]Driver threatened with debt collector after £5 parking error [SHOCKING] Poor quality paint repair and oversprayIan advises: “If you look around the panel edges where it meets the windscreen and mouldings, if there is excess paint on plastic or rubber surfaces, this points to a bad job of masking the car prior to respraying it. “It is much better to remove trim when painting, so poor masking and overspray suggests a quick and bodged job. The edges will also peel back at some point, meaning the repair needs doing again.” Badly fitting trimIf trim is removed and refitted, unless new fixings are used then it will not fit snugly, according to Ian. He says: “Many of the fixings used are ‘once only’ meaning they should not be reused. “But, very often a quick repair will mean the old fixings are reused, leading to poor fit and pieces falling off.” Water leaks and wind noise“No car should ever leak water,” says Ian. “When considering buying a car, or checking one you own, always feel around carefully under floor mats, look in the spare wheel well in the boot and check the headliner for staining. “Damp patches or staining point towards leaks and these can prove fatal for a car electrics. “Cars fitted with panoramic glass roofs are especially prone to leaks, so you should pay special attention to these areas. “If you get a lot of whistling noise when driving your car, this could point to potential leak areas, or glass that has been removed and badly refitted.” History and owners:If a car has many owners, then you should check the history carefully, says Ian. “Cars usually change hands every two years, but lots of owners in quick succession could mean trouble. “Often cars bought from salvage are poorly repaired, then passed through several owners' names to hide the salvage history. “Ask more questions about why the car has had so many keepers - any reputable dealer will be happy to answer these, but if they have something to hide they may be more evasive. “There are only so many cars once owned by a ‘little old lady’ or a Vicar, so if the story doesn’t check out, walk away!”