The Spanish family of five – Jose Francisco Iglesias, his wife Arancha Cortes, and children Jimena Iglesias, Cesar Aranguren and Alfredo Gomez – were excited to watch the Madrid v Liverpool final but were left living a “nightmare”. The family went to watch the game on Saturday, May 28, and immediately noticed “security issues”.  Jose Francisco said: “We parked in the neighbourhood and a guy came and stood in front of us and using the google translator he said to us, do you know where you are parking? “They asked us for 50 euros to protect the van. We ended up giving him 40, so he took a picture and passed it on to his gang. “There were no security rings or anything like that, anyone could get in, and those who were seen jumping fences were local people who could already be seen stealing, looking for watches, mobile phones.” Recent reports have suggested fake tickets were the cause of chaos at the final in Paris, with French police resorting to pepper spray and tear gas at some Liverpool fans as they waited to get into the stadium.  And the situation only got worse as people attempted to leave the stadium, with Jose’s wife Arancha and their daughter being separated from the rest of the family. Arancha added: “We went from a bar to the tube and I started to see hundreds of local people watching us, stalking all the fans, looking for something to steal. “I called my husband and asked him to come out of the stadium because we were so scared, and so were hundreds of fans from both teams.” When Jose came out of the stadium, he recalled: “You saw streams of these people going towards the stadium, stealing, robbing, with box cutters to cut bags. I couldn’t believe what was happening, there were hundreds and hundreds of them.  READ MORE: Queen Platinum Jubilee: Critics savaged for UK and Brexit hatred  “I got to the tube and people were running out, imagine what was going on down there. They threw pepper spray and it hit us hard. “Fans were gathering to form human shields and defend themselves better, Real Madrid and Liverpool fans even. I later learned that many girls had been stripped and robbed.” Dad Jose claimed to have his phone stolen by someone who “reached into” his pocket after leaving the stadium following the game. He said: “My first reaction was to immediately run after him and I chased him until I crossed a corner.  DON'T MISS:Vladimir Putin left reeling after Ukraine wipe out Russian supply base [PICTURES]Russia dumps bodies in supermarket to restart Mariupol water supply [INSIGHT]Russia's army 'being mowed down' by Ukraine [ANALYSIS] “There were dozens of local kids looking at me and I didn’t know what to expect. I shouted for help and the police soon arrived, entered the house and took him out handcuffed. “They forced me to go to the police station to file a complaint. There were hundreds of fans there complaining, especially Liverpool fans. When I left, it was already three’o’clock.” Their son Alfredo Gomez added: “There were fights, robberies, assaults… a horror film. You don’t want to see yourself in a situation like that again.” The final was delayed by 35 minutes due to the security issues happening outside of the stadium, with Liverpool losing the match against Spain’s Real Madrid 1-0. UK’s Culture Secretary described the police response as “deeply concerning” and has urged an inquiry.   Additional reporting by Maria Ortega