Former Liverpool star Vladimir Smicer has picked Kevin De Bruyne as the one player he would love the Merseyside club to sign, although he accepts a deal is extremely unlikely. The Reds missed out on a remarkable Premier League title on a dramatic final day of the season which saw Manchester City come back from 2-0 down to beat Aston Villa 3-2. It would have set Liverpool up for a chance of history this weekend against Real Madrid in the Champions League in chasing a quadruple. It wasn't to be this season though with the Reds needing to regroup for one final game of the season to try and win their second Champions League title in four years. Liverpool will then look to the transfer market with several reports suggesting an experienced midfielder will be targeted. Both Fabinho and Thiago Alcantara face a race against time to prove their fitness to play against Real Madrid this weekend in Paris. That leaves Jurgen Klopp light of options in midfield, highlighting the potential need for reinforcements this summer. Arguably the best midfielder in the world right now is De Bruyne, and Smicer would love Liverpool to sign the same calibre of player to the City star.  When asked who would be the one player he'd want Liverpool to sign, Smicer told BoyleSports: “It’s quite easy, Kevin De Bruyne! I don’t think he’s available but that kind of player, I’d like to see.” “A player with similar qualities to him, but I’ll leave it to Jurgen as he always makes a good choice - look at Diaz.” A more realistic option who Liverpool have been strongly linked with though is Monaco's Aurelien Tchouameni. Smicer wants to see another option come in to help lighten the load for Fabinho as the holding midfielder and feels Tchouameni would fit in well.  “If I’m Jurgen Klopp I’d be happy if everyone stays up front. I’d go for a midfield player as that’s the area where we can be a little bit stronger," he added “Milner might not play again and in the middle of the park we need to be stronger. “With Konate and Gomez, we have great choices at the back as well. We have Fabinho in midfield and he’s been fantastic but you can see when he’s injured. “Henderson can play there but it’s not his real position, So Tchouaméni, why not? As I said, in the transfer window I'm sure we can pick up the right players.”