When it comes to gardening tasks, it seems there's one job that's just too much of a risk to tackle yourself, however much money you think it might save you. According to the latest figures, one in 10 people in the UK experience electric shocks when installing and using electrics in the garden, says Paul Collins, head of technical services at NICEIC (The National Inspection Council for Electrical Installation Contracting). Everything from installing new outdoor lighting to fitting an external plug socket can put you at risk of serious injury if you're not properly qualified. Paul explained: “With gardens becoming an extension of our home, electrical installations are becoming much more common and complex in outside spaces. “So in the UK we would always recommend talking to a NICEIC certified contractor. “This type of work can be very dangerous if installed incorrectly.” So just what are the main things to consider, according to the experts? This is what you need to know. READ MORE: Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants Paul says that the increased risk of wet and windy summer weather means that homeowners must now take even greater care when considering installing and using outdoor electrical items and equipment. He said: “Water and electricity are never a good mix so when it comes to adding outdoor electrics, it is important to ensure it is installed correctly and safely.” Those who want to add external sockets to use for gardening tools and equipment such as strimmers or lawn mowers, for their outdoor lighting or to power a water feature, always ask an electrician to fit them. In addition, a professional should check that these sockets have the correct IP (Ingress Protection) Rating. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ [TIPS]Pests: How to keep insects out of the house using ‘strong smells’  [EXPERT]‘Most cost-effective way’ to give rooms a ‘signature look’ using paint [INSIGHT] This protects water, from rainfall and hosepipes coming into contact with the electrical current, which can be life-threatening. The expert said: “Also, all sockets should also be protected with a Residual Current Device (RCD) which switches off the flow of electricity when a cable or flex is cut – by a lawn mower or strimmer, for example. Recently adding a hot tub to your outdoor space has become increasingly popular. Global demand for this relaxing feature for a garden retreat soared by more than 400 percent during the pandemic in 2020, according to What Spa? magazine. However, Paul says that whether you choose an affordable “plug and play” inflatable hot-tub or a more luxurious fitted model, it’s important to get a professional to deal with the electrics. He explained: “If you’re bringing a temporary hot tub out this summer, you should always call in the help of a certified electrical contractor. “There are a variety of technical considerations that must be taken into account.” “Many small, temporary hot tubs may come with a standard 13-amp plug. “If you are planning on running an extension lead to where the hot tub is situated, ensure that the lead is fit for the load of the hot tub and is suitable to be used outside. “However, it is not something I would recommend. “If you are looking to install a permanent hot tub, you may need to have it installed on a separate circuit and the installer will need to consider other technical requirements. “Your local certified electrical contractor will be able to best advise.” So those planning to install any outdoor electrics this summer, it's best to get those professionals on speed dial.