It's now considered normal for that age group not to wake and make themselves a cheap cup of hot coffee in their own kitchens as you or I do. Instead, many of these youngsters will open an app on their smartphones and order a takeaway coffee and croissant to be home-delivered by a man on a bike. If you don't believe me, go onto the Starbucks website (other coffee chains also have websites) where a black coffee to your door will cost £3.60 and a latte £3.95. I warned you. Shocking! Imagine a world where instead of popping the kettle on or ambling out to the shops you were so idle and spendthrift that you got your morning coffee handed to you on your doorstep without moving a muscle. I regard this as the height of decadence. And also, such a waste of money during the cost of living crisis. I mean, would it even be hot by the time it arrived? And I like it hot! To my mind, the takeaway Starbucks is a symbol of a once proud nation in irreversible decline. Some facts and figures. The NHS already spends £6billion a year on the obese who, according to a new report from Cancer Research UK, will number a whopping 21 million in 18 years' time. Meanwhile, the takeaway market has also expanded by 73 per cent over the past ten years to £4.2billion and is expected to grow by another fifth over the next two years. These things are very much not unrelated. We have gone from a nation that saved string and cooked from scratch to one over-fed by food that is shopped for, cooked, and delivered by others. From the Greatest Generation to Generation Getir - one of many instant-grocery apps - since the Second World War. It's happening across the land - in your home and mine. If my sons or husband are home in the evening and I'm not around, they'll often open the fridge, bursting with fresh veg, chicken, eggs etc and close it, saying, "There's nothing to eat" and order a takeaway. It makes me furious and it makes them fat, as takeaways typically contain twice the calories of home-made equivalents, and don't get me started on the packaging. Of course, it's easy to blame the pandemic which fed (in every way) the "Deliveroo culture". During lockdown most Britons first became reliant on, and then addicted to, home delivery. We pounced on grocery slots as if they were like Glasto tickets. We tipped each other off when the main supermarkets released their all-important Christmas slots so we could be sure of getting our festive grub for the groaning horde on time. In fact, we began to order pretty much everything online. But now the pandemic is over and the Deliveroo culture persists, and it is rendering this proud nation into the fat man of Europe. Indeed, the World Health Organisation has blamed it for our obesity problem. "The proportion of the population covered by these takeaways and online food deliveries is very big in the UK compared to other countries," it warned. It's long overdue for us all to shop, cook and eat as we did before.A takeaway has to be an occasional treat. Mothers and fathers have to teach their children how to cook, and domestic science should be reintroduced to the school curriculum. After all, the cost to the nation of treating the obese is already enormous and Chancellor Rishi should be telling Cabinet this as a matter of emergency, otherwise his head will be on a little dishy. The Deliveroo culture is rapidly creating the fatberg that will sink our HMS NHS and Treasury. I asked my own three if they'd ever ordered coffee to their door. "Actually I did once," my youngest son admitted. "Was it even hot?" I replied. "Yes," he said. Still. We must put a stop to this decadent and disgraceful way of life before it literally bankrupts and then kills us. ---------- Some folk have been demanding the Queen declares a Regency and hands over the reins to Prince Charles, and are already huffing about the Platinum Jubilee being a letdown. Well, steady on, everyone. Don't rain on the parade just yet. I agree that the only events that Her Majesty seems guaranteed to turn up to have horses in them (she missed the State Opening of Parliament but managed two visits to the RoyalWindsor Horse Show). Well, why not? Like many country women, she far prefers the company of four-legged friends to two. And as for the Jubilee next month, remember this. For her Golden Jubilee, doomsayers were also prophesying lack of interest and poor attendance, yet 3,521 members of the media from 60 countries sought accreditation to cover the weekend. A million people gathered in the Mall in 2002. Twenty years later, I expect the Queen will turn up and enjoy at least four of the events, as pageantry meets pop again. Though predictions are invariably as uncertain as the British weather in June, let's all agree that the Platinum Jubilee is already a triumph. ----------- In the old days, you didn't put anything out on Twitter that you didn't want to see on a billboard in Times Square. But since the Wagatha Christie trial, that caution should be extended to anything that is committed to text or WhatsApp. Hundreds of private texts between Rebekah Vardy and her agent, Caroline Watt, have been disclosed in the libel trial. They are salty and bitchy as hell but I can't see any actual evidence "Bex" leaked stories to the Sun so I am on Team Vardy, especially as Becky was nice to my dad when they were in the jungle and blood is thicker etc. They are so detailed and unguarded and to read them makes me realise nothing is private anymore, and only an old-fashioned telephone call, preferably to a landline, is secure. In the meantime, as Coleen is back at her day job (going on holiday) I'm off on a North Sea boat trip to accidentally drop my iPhone off the side. PS: Dutch PM Mark Rutte has been using a Nokia brick with room for just 20 texts. I also note Jacob Rees-Mogg has set his phone to delete his WhatsApps after seven days. Hashtag just saying! ---------- Such was my fear of not having a passport in time for the summer, given all the horror stories, I paid for the fast lane service to get a new one, which involved going to the central London passport office in Victoria in person and waiting in line to pick it up. And that was in January and I'm not going away till July. I'm very relieved to have a new passport, but it's not back to blue at all (the main benefit of Brexit to my mind). It's black. Another promise not delivered! ----------  Trés drole that a Cornish pub called the Star Inn, Vogue, that is in Vogue, a Cornish village, has received a formal apology from VOGUE magazine. Ever-vigilant owners, Condé Nast, sent a request that the pub change its name as it might "cause problems". As I write from Exmoor, I am 92 miles from Vogue in Cornwall, and I note there is also a Vogüé in France as well as a town called Vosges. Nobody tell the bean counters and brand managers at Condé Nasty! ---------