Two of tennis’ greatest ever players Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal will square off for place in the French Open semi-finals. Tonight’s match will mark the 59th time the pair have locked horns and as is usually the case, there is so much at stake.  The great Spaniard is bidding for a record-extending 22nd grand slam crown, while the Serbian is looking to match his rival’s tally. Their last meeting took place at Roland Garros last year, where the world number one secured his second win over Nadal at the tournament, and extended his lead in their head-to-head to 30-28. Nadal however, leads their grand slam head to head 10-7, and 7-2 in the French capital. This is rather early for the pair to meet in the tournament, but given Nadal’s number five seeding and a tough top half of the draw, the last eight will host the latest chapter in the duo's epic rivalry. The last time Nadal and Djokovic met at Roland Garros in the quarter-finals, the defending champion secured his first win over the Mallorca native at the event, winning 7-5, 6-3, 6-1 in 2015. A very physical and competitive match between the two is expected tonight though, and here is how you can make sure you do not miss any of the action. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal fears Novak Djokovic clash could be 'final match of career at French Open'   Coverage of the titanic clash between Djokovic and Nadal will be broadcast live on Eurosport 1 with coverage beginning at 7.30pm. The Sky Channel for Eurosport 1 is 410 on Sky, 435 on BT and 521 on Virgin Media. Fans are able to watch the French Open on streaming platform Discovery+, where every match is available live and on demand with no adverts. Should spectators wish to watch the match this way, an Entertainment & Sport monthly pass can be purchased which costs £6.99. However, if you like to purchase an annual Entertainment & Sport subscription to Discovery+, it will cost £59.99. Both subscriptions will auto-renew unless they are cancelled. These passes can be bought on the Discovery+ website. Ahead of the match, Nadal commented on his opponent and vowed to give it all when he steps on court later. "Being honest, every match that I play here, I don't know if it's going to be my last match here in Roland Garros, in my tennis career," admitted Nadal. "But ultimately they're special matches in a special setting and I'll give it my best. "In this case, perhaps together with our match in 2015, they're the two matches that I face Djokovic here and he leads as the clear favourite. I am aware of what can happen and I am aware that it may be my last game in this tournament." Djokovic meanwhile, is certainly up for recreating his 2021 win. His coach Goran Ivanisevic told Serbian media: "There are always some new things, tactics. If this doesn't work, try something else. Of course, there always is. I watched the match from last year then ten times from the year before last, and I will watch it tonight, and tomorrow. Yesterday I watched almost the whole match against Felix [Auger Aliassime. There always is, but Novak knows what to do, he is ready for it. If he wants to win, he must be ready to play 27 sets for 57 hours.”  