Columnist Ross Clark made the comments after it emerged the Duchess of Sussex's animated show has been dropped by Netflix. Mr Clark said the couple, who are living in California after quitting royal duties, have "learned two lessons" as they pursue new careers across the pond. Writing for the Spectator, Mr Clark said: "In their post-royal careers, Harry and Meghan have learned two lessons in quick succession. "Firstly, that membership of the Royal Family opens the door to media deals less well-connected celebrities could only dream about. "Secondly, they have learned that even royal fame will not, ultimately, help one of the biggest media organisations in the world sell a product that the public finds unappealing." Mr Clark claimed Meghan's Netflix series being cancelled "must come as a bit of a shock" to the Sussexes after their bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview attracted huge ratings. He added: "But it must gradually be dawning on them that the world is only really interested when they are spilling the beans on the Royal Family. The Archewell Productions show Pearl - one of two projects announced as part of Harry and Meghan's Netflix deal - was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. Meghan was to serve as an executive producer of the series alongside Sir Elton John's filmmaker husband David Furnish. READ MORE: Harry warned Queen 'needs protecting' from his royal 'hand grenades' The show was axed as part of strategic decisions the streaming giant is making around animated series. It is understood Netflix has decided not to move forward with development on several projects, one of which is Pearl. But this is believed not to be uncommon for shows in development. It also comes after it emerged that Netflix lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers. DON'T MISSMeghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' she attended at Palace [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Netflix cancel deal with Meghan and Harry? [POLL]Prince Harry sent warning amid fears Duke may 'target' Camilla [ANALYSIS]  Harry and Meghan signed their lucrative deal with the streaming giant in 2020. Netflix said Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects, including the documentary series Heart Of Invictus. When Pearl was announced last July, Meghan said: "Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life's daily challenges. "I'm thrilled that Archewell Productions, partnered with the powerhouse platform of Netflix, and these incredible producers, will together bring you this new animated series, which celebrates extraordinary women throughout history. "David Furnish and I have been eager to bring this special series to light, and I am delighted we are able to announce it today." 