Animal statues are commonly used in home decor around the world, however, some of these trinkets may have far more meaning than you realise. The philosophy of feng shui is the practice of arranging the pieces in living spaces in order to create balance with the natural world. Under this philosophy, certain symbols can have specific “lucky” meanings. According to feng shui, when placed in particular locations around the home, or when facing certain parts of a room, these statues can increase luck relating to wealth, fertility and even your relationship. Here are five lucky animal statues according to feng shui. Tigers are mighty animals included in the Chinese zodiac and they also play an important role in feng shui. These stunning creatures symbolise courage, bravery and grace. They can be particularly helpful when placed in a workspace to increase leadership skills. According to LovetoKnow: “Place this symbol in the north sector of your desk or along the north wall of your office.” READ MORE: Are elephants bad luck in the home? Where to place statues for luck Elephants have many meanings according to feng shui and can be placed in various locations around the home. Among many things, elephants symbolise strength, intelligence, and fertility. Elephants with raised trunks, often in a “trumpet” style, can increase luck and fortune. If you want to ward off evil from your home, you can place an elephant facing outwards from the front entrance. If your home has a wide entrance, you can place a pair of elephants on either side of the door, with raised trunks facing inwards. DON'T MISSCleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to get rid of ants in homes - ‘kills them’ [COMMENT]Phil Spencer ‘born and bred’ in the Kent countryside [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to ‘eliminate yellow stains’ from pillows ‘with ease’ [EXPLAINER] The Dog is a Chinese zodiac sign, as well as a feng shui symbol representing protection and justice. Often, fu (or fo) dogs statues are found protecting the entrances and gates to high-profile locations across China including palaces, official buildings, temples, homes, and even tombs. The fu dog is part lion and part dog. These guard dogs keep watch and were historically placed to ward off any negative energies. Under feng shui tradition, dogs are seen as persistent and strong in the face of adversity. According to LovetoKnow: “You can place this symbol in any area you need protecting, such as a front door, career corner (north sector), wealth corner (southeast sector), descendants corner (west), or marriage/relationship corner (southwest).” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Although bats might often be associated with Halloween and scary films, according to feng shui, they are a symbol of prosperity. Often, they are used to help combat financial woes. LovetoKnow recommends placing them in the southeast sector of your home or business to encourage "wealth". This Chinese astrology animal sign is also an ancient symbol of Chinese royalty and power. The mythical dragon, though an imaginary one, is thought to represent abundance, success, and good luck. Dragon statues and images can be placed throughout the home for protection and to welcome good luck. Dragons made from carved jade, however, are believed to be connected to the compass and so should always face east.