NBC’s thrilling crime series The Blacklist returned to screens for an epic instalment before season nine premieres its highly anticipated finale. After a jaw-dropping revelation unveiled Marvin Gerard (played by Fisher Stevens) as Liz Keen’s (Megan Boone) murderer, fans expressed their concern about his fate.  Season eight’s finale was met with a number of shocked fans as they watched their beloved Liz get unexpectedly gunned down. When the series returned in October, it came back with a two-year time jump which depicted just how saddened the task force had become, as its members had parted ways and explored new ventures. However as the series progressed, viewers gained a huge insight into how the men grieved and mourned Liz’s death. Fans saw the heartbreaking scenes as Ressler (Diego Klattenhoff) struggled to cope and fell back into abusing prescription drugs, during those two years. READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison  This had particularly affected Red Reddington (James Spader) who moved to Cuba and was living in hiding. Even though he attempted a holistic approach to healing and leaving the past behind, Red was too focused on finding who was behind Liz’s murder and why they wanted her dead. Fans had also taken to social media and online forums to figure out who it may have been. Thankfully for fans, the most recent episode titled ‘Caelum Bank’ finally unveiled Marvin Gerard as Liz’s murderer. Marvin had always been loyal to Red which was why he was taken aback by the betrayal. He decided to kill Liz because he didn’t think she was a worthy successor and wanted to protect Red’s empire. This came as a huge shock for viewers including @Miller2275 who wrote: “So Marvin had Liz killed in cold blood…Who knew Marvin was so evil?” Elsewhere, @Rosilleri added: “What I find disappointing is that Marvin didn't do it because of what he has lost working for Red but because he didn't want Liz to be in charge!” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes reven... [THEORY]The Blacklist season 9 theory: Ressler and Park secrets to be exposed? [THEORY]The Blacklist: Kurt Perez title card leaves NBC viewers emotional [INSIGHT] After this huge revelation, fans soon anticipated Marvin’s days would be numbered as Red would want to seek revenge and kill him for assassinating Liz, then trying to shift the blame. Taking to Reddit, the user Anonymicex wrote: “I think Marvin will die in S9.” They anticipated: “S10 will be focused on the criminal underworld allying against Reddington because he killed the president of Caelum Bank and all those goons lost their money.” Another user Iceleel also agreed: “Yes or in the first few episodes of next season.” With two more episodes left in season nine, fans can expect thrilling scenes, which the synopsis confirms. This week will see the episode titled ‘Marvin Gerard Conclusion PT 1’ and as the synopsis reads: “Red and the Task Force spring into action after learning who betrayed them,” it's safe to say Marvin could be looking over his shoulder the entire episode. The season nine finale hints at an unlikely clash as the synopsis read: “Red and Cooper square off with conflicting endgames for their mutual traitor; a major secret about the task force falls into the wrong hands.” Fans can look forward to a nail-biting end to season nine of The Blacklist which could also potentially end with a cliff-hanger. The Blacklist is available on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 