Our Yorkshire Farm has been away from the small screen since 2021 when the fifth series came to an end. Along with their nine "free-range" children, Amanda and Clive Owen run the stunning Ravenseat Farm in the heart of Yorkshire, tending to the gardens and its livestock. The docu-series captures the everyday celebrations and struggles that the Owens go through at home. Amanda Owen, who is better known as the Yorkshire Shepherdess, is a 47-year-old model-turned farmer and star of Our Yorkshire Farm. She was born in Huddersfield but decided to leave her previous glamourous lifestyle for a life of driving tractors and milking cows. Amanda met her husband Clive, nearly 20 years her senior, at Ravenseat Farm in 1996. Five years after their first encounter, the couple tied the knot and have since grown their family with a whopping nine children who all help out around the farm. READ MORE: Eurovision semi-final 2022: Serbia’s Konstrakta causes stir It is believed that Amanda and Clive earn around £250,000 annually thanks to starring in Our Yorkshire Farm. This also includes their other TV appearances, Instagram deals and various books that Amanda has written. She has been able to build their brand using social media and now has around 418,000 followers on Instagram. Amanda has also released several best-selling books since the show began, such as The Yorkshire Shepherd and The Adventures of the Yorkshire Shepherdess. While Our Yorkshire Farm is an entertainment show, the struggles of farm life are very real and portrayed in every episode. When she isn't talking to the cameras, Amanda is tending to the 2,000-acre farmland as well as the 1,000 sheep and other animals the Owens look after. Not everything goes according to plan though, not even for the shepherdess who has decades' worth of experience on the land. She recently explained on Twitter how her sons managed to save the day. DON'T MISS...'Don't know if that's true!' Mike Tindall rubbishes Jubilee plan claim [REACTION]Mike Tindall in candid admission about daughter Mia [EXPLAINER]The Yorkshire Vet Peter Wright on exciting progress 'Moving forward'  [CAST] On social media, one fan commented that they never saw pictures of Amanda's three sons Reuben, 19, Miles, 15, and Sidney, nine. In response, Amanda shared a few photographs where they assisted after her truck broke down on the farm. Replying to the tweet, Amanda wrote: "The lads turn out when I’ve messed up mechanically. "If bogged, broken down or stranded then they’re there." Our Yorkshire Farm hasn't been seen since the end of 2021 on Channel 5. However, the future is looking bright for the family's show as it has already been given the green light for season six. As of yet, an official return date has not been announced by the channel. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.