Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee is fast approaching, with it being reported she has come to a decision on who she will have with her on the infamous balcony during the Trooping of the Colour. It was reported that she has "banned" Prince Harry, Meghan Markle and Prince Andrew from joining her and the rest of the family on the Buckingham Palace balcony. Just the "working royals", Prince Charles, Camilla, Prince William and Kate will be allowed alongside her. During a heated debate on GB News on Saturday evening, comedian Leo Kearse made a joke referring to the royal palace being flattened and made into a "Legoland", which presenter Nana Akua did not appreciate. Touching on Prince Harry and Meghan and how they have treated the Queen since their departure from their working Royal Family duties, he said: "I think they stormed out. "They flounced out of the Royal Family thinking they were going to become Hollywood celebrities, and they did. "They got that huge deal, $100 million deal from Netflix, but it has amounted to pretty much nothing. "They are filming some ropey fly on the wall documentary, but other projects, they did a podcast which has one episode. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge explains 'ridiculous' buy "Another series has been cancelled because Netflix has realised, 'Oh, we have to make some money, we have to do stuff that is good and people want to watch,' and that is not some woke nonsense from Harry and Meghan," he slammed. Leo continued: "I think Netflix is starting to panic now and trying to make stuff that people want to watch but getting back to Harry and Meghan and the rest of the royals. "I mean, how big is that balcony? There are a lot of people on the civil list, so you know she has got to pick and choose, and I think the royals... I'm not a royalist. "I am happy for there to be a Royal Family but do it with someone else's money, I don't want my taxes going to that, I want my taxes going on anti-tank missiles for Ukraine." Nana interrupted his rant and commented: "It's not very much, it's a tiny bit, think of all the tourism they bring to this country. "People come here specifically (for them), the Royal Family bring in a lot of income to this country, and I think there is a level of gravity to it." Leo tried to speak over her and exclaimed: "What do you mean it's not very much? Oh, you think France doesn't have any tourism? "People go to France despite them chopping the Royal Family's heads off. And France has got zero tourism industry, American is zero tourism?" DON'T MISS...Queen's 'top secret' project with 'once in a lifetime' opportunity [INSIGHT]Queen excited to spend time with older Lilibet 'with a personality' [LATEST]Kate Middleton broke royal protocol - ignored the Queen's food rule [WATCH] Defending her opinion, Nana pressed: "No, but they add a certain element to the whole idea and belief of being British." Trying to make light of the already heated debate, Leo joked: "I think if we turn the Buckingham Palace into Legoland, we would get a lot more tourists." However, Nana was less than impressed and jibed: "No, you're totally wrong there! You're being silly obviously, he's a comedian, so it's a stab at humour." Getting back to the topic of Harry and Meghan not being allowed on the balcony, Nana said: "I love the fact that they have been relegated from the balcony because the Queen has been so stoic and so polite. "The way that she has been treated by these people, and even if you love Harry and Meghan, now you have seen the way she has been behaving, it's just not great." Political activist Albie Amankona commented: "I was just - I am very disappointed with the way they have behaved, particularly since they stepped down from the Royal Family. "That doesn't take away from the fact that I am pleased to see them back for the special day for the Queen and special day for the country." Agreeing, Nana added: "Yeah, it's for the Queen, that we are there for, so that's what it has to be, and the attention can't be on Harry and Meghan. "Do you think that after this and the fact that they haven't appeared on the balcony that actually their currency and their stock will fall considerably?" Leo butted in and said: "Absolutely, this is them trying to cling on to the last vestiges of any sort of royal connection. "But no, you can go back to your yoga classes in the Hollywood Hills." Nana Akua airs Saturday from 4pm on GB News.