Carol, 62, gave her view on the Loose women debate, which stemmed from rumours surrounding Anne Robinson's exit from Countdown, with speculation of a feud between the host and co-star Rachel Riley. As the ITV broadcasters discussed the interest around women in the public eye and potential tiffs between them, Carol admitted she felt pressure to "deny" rifts between women she "works with". Ruth Langsford explained how the rumours are an example of how women are often "pitted against" each other by the public. "What happens with women is if you question something or you assert yourself you're seen as aggressive and non-compliant," Katie Piper stated. Ruth questioned if a possible clash between the Countdown stars could be fabricated. "She's literally saying, 'I said I'd do it for a year, I've done it for over a year I've go lots of other things on thank you very much, it's nothing to do with Rachel Riley,'" she explained. READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending "Well, I think there's a lot of pressure on women to deny there isn't a rift going on between other women that they work with," Carol remarked, taking a different view. As she looked towards Ruth, the latter joked: "What are you looking at me for?" Carol continued: "I mean..." as Ruth added: "I thought we were best friends, Carol." She added: "Well look, we all get on and we all like each other. "But you know, we're not best friends, obviously, because we all live in different parts of the world. "So that's a geographical thing, but I do think that this whole thing about people who put pressure on - and it's not just women, there's a lot of pressure on everyone at the moment - to be "nice" and be kind and all of that. "The people that are putting that pressure on us - because I'm always like told that I'm not nice and I'm not kind - the people who try to enforce that are genuinely not nice!" As well as Carol, Katie and Ruth, Tuesday's episode saw Kelle Bryan presenting the daytime show. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Giovanni Pernice pays tribute to Anton Du Beke [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest's Harry Potter item misses out on thousands [VIDEO]GB News row as Eamonn and Isabel clash over parliament drinking [VIDEO] Carol's cryptic comments come amid rumours of a feud between the many panelists, who host Loose Women on a rotating basis. Addressing speculation earlier this year, Katie, 38, spoke about her colleagues' differences. “Everyone’s different in their own way, and that’s what makes the show fresh each time," she stated. Speaking to The Mirror in March, she continued: "There’s nobody you dread working with as everyone’s there in their own right and brings something unique." Talking about the long-running show, she added: "I also think it’s important because I’ve done a lot of political debate shows that are male dominated. "I think we’ve heard enough of the male view. It’s nice to hear a female perspective from time to time." Loose Women airs weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV. 