Roy Keane believes Manchester United are worryingly reliant on a veteran Cristiano Ronaldo and feels Erik ten Hag has a ‘huge job’ overhauling the Red Devils’ squad. Ronaldo was influential as United defeated Brentford 3-0 on Monday night, adding to a successful personal season. Ronaldo returned to Old Trafford last summer and has been one of United’s best performers. His second-half penalty was his 18th Premier League strike of the campaign. The former Real Madrid ace was unfortunate not to score another during the comfortable victory. He converted Bruno Fernandes’ pass but VAR adjudged him to have been slightly offside. Despite Ronaldo’s success, Keane - a strong critic of the club’s performances in recent years - believes they are too reliant on a player who will turn 38 midway through next season. The former captain has hit out at the defence, who have conceded a staggering 52 goals this term. JUST IN: Ronaldo worth keeping, Mata's been wasted and other Brentford lessons “When you’re hanging your hat on a 37-year-old, that’s not good,” Keane told Sky Sports. “As brilliant as Ronaldo is, United are too dependent on the strikers. Defensively, they’re not good enough. Midfield, not good enough. [It’s a] huge job for the new manager.” On United’s performance, Keane added: “Very good. Brentford, no aggression in their play and no intensity, comfortable enough for Ronaldo. I bet he wished every game like that. Finishing the season on a high at Old Trafford. He deserved a goal.” United cruised to victory against Brentford in their final Old Trafford outing of 2021-22. Ronaldo’s penalty came between a strike by Fernandes and a first Red Devils goal for Raphael Varane. DON'T MISS...Keane blasts 'disastrous' Man Utd and explains 'worry' for Ten HagChelsea boss Tuchel 'very concerned' over top four placeIncoming Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag pays tribute to late agent Raiola Rangnick’s side still need to win their final two games against Brighton and Crystal Palace to equal their worst points tally since the Premier League’s formation. Six points would take them to 64 for the year and level with their total from 2013-14 - the season after Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. Keane believes incoming head coach Ten Hag has a huge job catching up with Manchester City and Liverpool, and has warned the Dutchman that he must fix a broken dressing room. He said before Monday’s game: “We know it’s a long way back, but of course, there is a way back. It’s the points total that worries me, to be so far behind. It’s such a gap. Big problem for Man United, whatever issues they’ve got, then you look at Man City and Liverpool. “The last few years haven’t been good enough. The biggest worrying thing for me is the reaction. Not enough characters in that dressing room. "If you haven't got a decent dressing room, you’re in trouble anywhere. I go back, decent personalities, characters. It’s a bad reflection of senior players at the club. [If you have] a bad dressing room, forget about it, you’ve got no chance."