In all the pomp and circumstance of the Foreign Secretary’s announcement to the Commons it remains to be seen whether the EU will just see it as an empty threat or whether it will provoke a trade war. But what is clear is that patience in Britain over Brussels intransigence has virtually run out and the intention to take action unilaterally is clear. Ms Truss was solemn and determined as she delivered her statement to MPs but behind the scenes in a Downing Street briefing to journalists that officials were only able to offer scanty detail on what the new law would do. Most significantly they could not confirm that the rule of the hated European Court of Justice (ECJ) would in effect come to an end, although they insisted it would give UK law primacy — which is not the same thing. We know that there would be a green lane for all goods (and pets) across the Irish Seafor items staying within Northern Ireland and the UK and the offer of much more severe fines for people who abuse the rules. READ MORE: Bye, bye bloated EU: Brexit Britain space race skyrockets Not that laws and restrictions have ever stopped significant smuggling through Ireland before most notably the other way into Britain as the tobacco industry has never tired to point out regarding illegal cigarettes. We also know that the intention would be to take back control of farming subsidies from the EU in Northern Ireland and allow businesses and people there to also benefit from things like VAT cuts. This will be very promising for the Unionists and their Conservative Brexiteer backbench supporters because at last the full benefits of Brexit will be felt in all corners of the UK. DON'T MISS NI 700-page documents 'take 8 hours' and must be written in Latin [REVEAL]Why Protocol is unworkable for Britain...the FOUR big issues [INSIGHT]POLL: Should Rishi Sunak raise money by an oil and gas windfall tax? [REACT] But the Protocol will still exist. The Government is trying a compromise solution without any willingness from the EU to take part in a compromise. The Democratic Unionists and Brexiteers will rightly ask why is Article 16 not being used to suspend the Protocol altogether and why is the Government not seeking to abolish it. At a time when the EU has made a virtue of being intransigent, taking the reasonable route may not be enough to end the crisis but may be enough to cause a trade war.