While rare in people under the age of 65, the onset of vascular dementia needs to be identified in the earliest of stages to help prevent the rapid progression of symptoms. According to the NHS, one of the "problems" signalling the brain condition is memory and language issues. At the beginning, the development of dementia might be barely noticeable, so keep an eye out for slowness of thought, difficulty with planning, and trouble understanding. Vascular dementia can also lead to problems with concentration, and changes in mood and behaviour. These are all possible indications of brain damage, which can worsen over time, or in sudden steps every few months or years. Symptoms will depend upon which part of the brain is affected, but signs of the condition might include incontinence, mood swings, memory loss, and feeling confused. The Alzheimer's Society noted that vascular dementia is the second most common type of dementia. READ MORE: Heart attack: Certain facial features could be hinting you're at risk - what to look for Vascular dementia is caused by reduced blood supply to the brain due to diseased blood vessels. When brain cells do not receive the oxygen and nutrients they need, they die, which leads to brain damage and dementia symptoms. People who have had a stroke, or have heart disease or diabetes, are at higher risk of developing vascular dementia. This is because all three of these conditions impact the health of blood vessels. DON'T MISS: Hair loss: 'Nail rubbing' trick may stimulate new growth claims expert [INSIGHT[Vitamin B12 deficiency: Two changes to your hair that could be signs [EXPLAINED]Hair loss: Swordfish among healthy foods shown to induce hair loss [ANALYSIS] If you have diabetes or heart disease, by taking prescribed medications, you can help to minimise the risk of dementia. Vascular dementia is also linked to high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and obesity – especially from mid-life. To put yourself in the best health position possible, it's vital to be a non-smoker, who exercises regularly and eats a healthy and nutritious diet. In order to help minimise dementia risk, it is helpful to keep mentally and socially engaged. When you have dementia If the underlying cardiovascular diseases that have caused vascular dementia can be well managed, it could be possible to slow down the progression of dementia. "It is important that a person with any type of dementia stays active and continues to do things they enjoy," the Alzheimer's Society states. There is no cure for the disease, and the brain damage that occurs cannot be reversed. If, however, the person manages their underlying health conditions and leads a healthy lifestyle, the disease may take longer to progress. To live in such a way will become increasingly more difficult as more brain function is lost. A person with progressive memory loss, for example, might benefit from home-based help. The NHS notes that "some people will eventually need care in a nursing home". For more information on living well with dementia, visit the NHS website.