For most drivers, a warning light appears on their dashboard if their tank has 10 percent to 15 percent of petrol or diesel left. But with record fuel costs, many motorists may be trying to push their fuel to the limit to get their money's worth. Running out of fuel while driving is not only a major inconvenience but it can also be incredibly dangerous. It can also cause substantial damage to a vehicle and leave motorists with huge repair bills. This is because the fuel pump can suck in the dirt from the bottom of the tank, clogging it up and leaving it needing to be replaced. But aside from the physical and financial dangers, drivers finding themselves without any fuel can be punishable by law. READ MORE: Older drivers slam ‘unacceptable’ maximum driving age proposals Causing an obstruction with a car that is out of fuel is an offence under the careless and inconsiderate driving penalty. Stopping in the road can see drivers slapped with a £100 fine and three points on their licence. Motorists charged with careless driving face unlimited fines - though these usually do not exceed £5,000 - and up to nine penalty points. Neil Greig, IAM RoadSmart Director of Policy and Research, said: "We have very little sympathy for drivers who run out of fuel on the motorway. DON'T MISSUK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park [SHOCKING]Furious 20mph camera debate on GMB [ARGUMENT]EV owners 'not immune' from costs - charging prices rise 21 percent [WARNING] "There is no excuse for entering a motorway with low fuel or if you know something is wrong with your car.” It is also illegal to run out of fuel on Germany’s famous motorway system, the Autobahn. Running out of petrol or diesel can be seen as avoidable and a preventable circumstance. When this happens, it leads to the driver stopping, which is also illegal. Pulling over onto the shoulder of the Autobahn is prohibited, unless the car breaks down. In addition to stopping, it is also illegal to park, make u-turns and back up on the Autobahn. According to a Tiktok posted by German broadcaster DW, drivers are warned not to stop or run out of fuel. Many in the comments were surprised at the rule, but said that because of the risk involved, it was understandable. One user said: “It makes sense, since the Autobahn is speed unlimited in some parts. “Being out of fuel could pose danger.” Another said: “Anyone that doesn't know how to read a fuel gauge shouldn't be driving. “Like what, driving with your low fuel light and passing 10 exits?” A third commenter said: “I’m surprised some people think this is strict. “In my mind I thought this is a common sense policy everywhere.”