Rachel Pucio, 35, revealed that she and her son Nathan suffer from neurofibromatosis (NF) – a genetic condition that causes tumours to grow along people’s nerves. Despite Rachel having lived a “normal life”, her son has been plagued with benign tumours across his body.  The eight-year-old was diagnosed with NF when he was just nine-months-old and has also been diagnosed with ADHD, autusm, and scoliosis. His conditions have meant he has spent a large majority of his life in and out of hospitals, with his first operation being at the age of two. Rachel, who works at Morrisons, told the ECHO: “When Nathan was born we had him tested to see if he had neurofibromatosis and was diagnosed at nine months old. “We'd obviously kept in touch with Alder Hey but when he was two, we noticed he had two lesions on his back which ended up being benign tumours so we had to get them removed.  "Since then it's been constant MRI scans every six months, back and forth from the hospital, and then they realised he had scoliosis when he was five years old and had to wear a back brace for a while to help with the scoliosis. “Then the scoliosis continued to get worse and they said surgery was needed so he had an operation in July last year. "He's just had another one to extend the rods about four weeks ago now. Alder Hey is an amazing hospital with amazing support. “There's always a nurse at the end of the phone to help if needed."  READ MORE: Fibromyalgia symptoms: What does fibro pain feel like? Rachel is raising money for the children’s hospital after their constant support over the last six years. To raise the money, Rachel is planning on abseiling down Liverpool Cathedral later this year. She said: “I'm raising money for Alder Hey because they're an amazing hospital. Nathan spends so much time at the hospital with appointments and stays. The care there has been fantastic and I just wanted to raise money because Alder Hey has kept him going." Neurofibromatosis is a disease in which neurofibromas form throughout the body.  DON'T MISS: Elon Musk Twitter takeover stalls over spam accounts probe [REVEAL]Putin devastated as Kremlin loses entire battalion in river cross bid [PICTURES]US Congress to intervene in Northern Ireland Protocol amid tensions [ANALYSIS] If there are no complications, it is believed someone with NF will go on to have an almost normal life expectancy. NF1 is known to have a link to ADHD. To read more about the fundraiser and to donate, click here.  Additional reporting by Benjamin Roberts-Haslam