How often to wash bedding is often a common debate and according to experts, this depends on the seasons and if you have pets or not. However, regularly washing sheets is important for a number of reasons, including keeping dust mites at bay. Experts at www.pizualinens.com told Express.co.uk: “The bedroom, in a dream world, is the most peaceful place in the house. “It’s the room that you go to rest, revitalise your mind, body and soul and awaken ready to tackle the next day. “The following bedroom hygiene facts, however, might change the way that you lay your head on the pillow.” The experts said dust mites multiply very quickly. In fact, they multiply by the hundreds. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts house value by £120k The experts said: “Dust mites are tiny arachnids that love to chomp on skin cells shed by people, all 15 million of them each night, and chill in a humid and warm environment. “As you can imagine, your bed is the equivalent to the finest all expenses paid luxury resort for dust mites. “You might be horrified to learn that a mated female house dust mite can lay up to 100 eggs in the last five weeks of life.” They feed on dead human skin cells but are microscopic so cannot be seen. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘super cheap’ hack to unblock sinks [COMMENT]I cleaned my microwave with fruit and I was shocked by the results [EXPLAINER]Carol Klein: ‘Important’ step when sowing cucumber seeds [VIDEO] Thankfully, there are multiple ways to keep dust mites away, and it includes washing bedding in hot water. The experts recommended washing bed sheets in 60 degrees to make sure bacteria is killed. They said: “This temperature is ideal for killing dust mites and allergens.” Investing in a dehumidifier can also help to keep them away. After the bedsheets are dry, it is also advised to iron them as this can further sanitise linens. One expert recommended changing bedding at least once a week. Lucy Ackroyd, Head of Design at Christy, said: “Wash and change your bedding at least once a week. “If you have pets sleeping on your bed or you’re an allergy sufferer, particularly in hay fever season, I’d recommend upping it to twice a week. “It’s important not to neglect your inner bedding either so aim to wash your duvet and pillows at least twice a year as even with linen covering them, the inner fillings can absorb dead skin cells and body oils and odours.” The expert also recommended opting for gentle detergents. Lucy explained: “Harsher chemicals can damage the fabric over time leaving you with stiff, coarse sheets. “Avoid using detergents containing bleach which tend to be too harsh for cottons and natural fibres. “For any stubborn stains, spot treat the area before washing to prevent using unnecessarily harsh chemicals on the whole sheet which can quickly ruin the overall quality and feel.”