 The Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Prime Minister Boris Johnson are said to be working on a major intervention to tackle the cost of living crisis, which could be revealed soon. Said to have originally been planned for summer, the support has been pushed forward with the forecast that energy prices will hit £2,800 by October. One of the rumoured proposals is an increase to the Warm Home Discount scheme, which is available to certain households in the winter months of the year.  The rise would see the discount go up from £150 to £500, which would assist three million low-income households. Money from the Warm Home Discount is not paid directly to recipients, instead it is a one-time reduction on someone’s electricity bill. Created to directly help households during the winter, the discount is only applicable between October and March. Households may be able to get the discount off their gas bill as well, depending on if their energy supplier deals with both their gas and electricity needs. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum People can claim this extra support if they get the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit. Alternatively, they can claim it if they are on low income and meet their energy supplier’s criteria for the scheme. However, Government officials are remaining secretive as to what the final support package will look like as plans are finalised. Those who are unsure if they meet their eligibility criteria for the Warm Home Discount should contact their energy supplier as soon as possible. Aside from this rumoured discount hike, the Government is said to be considering raising benefit payments or introducing a Government-funded direct discount on energy bills. As reported in the Daily Mail, Mr Sunak is likely to confirm further additional funding to tackle the energy bill crisis today (May 25). This follows the revelation from Ofgem’s chief executive Jonathan Brearley that the energy price cap could reach as high as £2,800 by October. Speaking in Parliament to the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee yesterday, Mr Brearley said: “The price changes are genuinely a once in a generation event not seen since the 1970s.” The regulator head called for the Government to step-in to support those who are likely to struggle in the coming months. Households are currently already experiencing a bill hike of £693 annually when it comes to paying for their gas and electricity as of last month. Research carried out by the Resolution Foundation found that an increase in energy prices of this amount would result in 9.6 million people being pushed into fuel stress. Jonny Marshall, a senior economist at the think tank, warned that millions are at risk of falling into poverty without the aid of Government intervention. Mr Marshall said: “UK households are set for another huge jump in the energy bills this October – just when the need to heat their homes grows – which could push up to ten million families into fuel stress. “The sheer scale and depth of Britain’s cost-of-living crisis means the Government must urgently provide significant additional support. “The fact that the crisis is so heavily concentrated on low-and-middle incomes households means it’s clear how the Government should target policy support. “The benefits system is clearly the best route to support those worst affected in the short term – be that via an early uprating or lump sum payments to help poorer households get through the difficult winter ahead. “Looking beyond this winter, these households will also benefit most from cheaper renewable energy and lower consumption from better insulated homes – showing why Britain needs to massively step up its retrofitting programme.”