Ryanair flight FR3104 was due to travel from Dublin to Amsterdam last Friday, departing at 3:30pm. However, despite the flight time being just over an hour, passengers weren't able to take off for hours due to the toilet trouble. A passenger shared delays started as people were queuing up to board the flight to Amsterdam They said: "The gate was due to open at 2:40, but we were left standing there until half 3. “I didn't think much of it, it's a standard thing to be a little bit late, but when we were stuck on the tarmac not being allowed on board, it began to get a bit suspicious. “We could see flight crew and some lads in high-viz going up and down the plane quickly. “One lady was shouting out at us on the tarmac little things to keep us occupied, like have your boarding pass ready and put your masks on, but it seemed like she was stalling." Speaking to Dublin Live, the passenger noted people boarded at 3:45pm, before a warning message from the captain put the brakes on the already-delayed journey. They told the outlet: "The captain came over the radio to explain that the toilets weren't working on-board. "There was a bit of a fight at the top of the plane, I think someone had gone in and flushed it when they really shouldn't have. “One of the flight crew said there was a cracked pipe, which they had patched up but had broken again, and the captain pulled up after he had started moving. "We were left sitting there for about 20 minutes as the pilot kept coming over the intercom to tell us there was no update. “He said they were trying to fix the pipe from outside, and that there was no other planes in Dublin at that time to transfer to. "Eventually at about 20 to 5, we were forced back off." READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Truss speaks out after 'outrageous' US comment The nightmarish journey got worse as delays piled up, where a new flight that was set to take off at 6:20pm was also delayed to 7:20pm as a replacement aircraft had reportedly not arrived. Speaking to the outlet, the passenger said: "The gate where our flight was displayed said ‘gate closed’ and that the flight had gotten delayed again - but there was a woman at the gate encouraging people to come forward to fly to Naples. "The Naples flight wasn't displayed on the screen at all, and she just had to shout over everyone in a lounge that was packed to bursting.” After another hour, a flight at 8:35pm was scheduled for Amsterdam, but the witness added: “We managed to get back outside again, and we were behind a rope keeping us from walking over to the steps. "There were two ambulances around the plane's left, and a gaggle of flight crew at the bottom of the stairs to board at the front of the plane. "A female flight attendant had gone over on herself and fallen right down the stairs. “She must have got some whack as we were told to watch out for blood on the ground!” DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan braced for ex-husband to expose story 'There's a gun on the table' EU 'very anxious' as Brexit tensions rise Meghan and Harry face 'conundrum' over visiting Thomas Markle The flight finally departed Dublin just after 9pm, and made a smooth journey over to Amsterdam, landing after 11pm. The passenger said: “Next time, I'm getting a boat and a train!” A Ryanair spokeswoman told Dublin Live: “This flight from Dublin to Amsterdam (20 May) was delayed due to an issue with the aircraft lavatories. "While Ryanair quickly arranged an alternative aircraft for this flight to minimise the disruption to passengers, Air Traffic Control slot delays led to a further delay before departing for Amsterdam at 19.35 (local time) – 4hrs 5mins after its scheduled departure time. "Affected passengers were notified of the delays via email. Ryanair sincerely apologises to customers for this unfortunate delay."