Russia is reported to have deployed so-called ‘Terminator’ tanks in Donbas, an area of eastern Ukraine controlled by Moscow-backed rebels last week. The armoured fighting vehicles are part of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s efforts to control Ukraine’s former industrial heartlands, known for their steel and coal. The Kremlin strongman’s renewed focus on eastern Ukraine comes after he withdrew Russian troops from around the capital Kyiv last month. Analysts believe the despot may now try to annex the separatist-controlled Donbas regions of Luhansk and Donetsk, which he recognised as independent prior to invading Ukraine on February 24. Ukrainian government forces there have been engaged in armed conflict with militias representing the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) since 2014. A year after war broke out in the region, a Ukraine politician – who has since lost his seat – posted a bizarre comment about Britain’s Queen Elizabeth II. Oleh Lyashko, who is known as a “vigilante” in his country for his televised probes of rebels, claimed Her Majesty “drinks the blood” of the separatists and was loyal to the Ukrainian military. His claim, which appears to have been a joke, came after the elderly monarch inadvertently wore the colours of Ukraine’s national flag in 2015. JUST IN: Ukraine filmed firing rockets at Russian positions in a spectacular helicopter attack The Queen donned a pale blue ensemble and held a bunch of yellow flowers as she appeared at an Easter Sunday service at Windsor Castle. Weeks later, on April 26, 2015, Mr Lyashko uploaded a Facebook post with a picture of Her Majesty, which remains live. Translated from Ukrainian to English, it read: “Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. “An aggressive, cynical (anti-Soviet) Bandera follower, a punisher granny, a loyal adherent of the Kiev junta. “Her secret of youth is that she drinks fresh blood of DPR and LPR babies every morning.” Buckingham Palace declined to comment on the post at the time it was published. The Palace also declined to comment when Express.co.uk reached out in relation to this article. The year before the politician’s post, the Luhansk and Donetsk oblasts were seized by separatists in contested referendums. Before Russia’s invasion in February of this year, the predominantly Russian-speaking regions had long been targets for Putin. However, support for Russia there may now have waned because of Putin’s ruthless destruction of the city of Mariupol and other areas. DON'T MISS: Have Your Say: Should Charles apologise to Canada? 'It’s not enough' [LATEST]Nikolai Patrushev: ‘Next Putin’ will ‘not exclude nuclear strike against aggressor’ [INSIGHT]Incredible archive film shows reaction to first Russian McDonald's as company bows out [ANALYSIS] At the time of Mr Lyashko’s intervention, the political firebrand was a lawmaker in Ukraine’s 450-seat Parliament, the Verkhovna Rada. The former journalist stood for his Radical Party but lost his seat at the 2019 General Election. He sought election again in 2020, but was defeated by a candidate from President Volodymyr Zelensky’s Servant of the People party. In April of this year, the Kyiv Post reported that he and other inflammatory politicians had not been as present in the minds of the public during the invasion. The newspaper wrote: “Radical ‘patriotic’ politicians who usually seek public attention, such as Oleh Lyashko and Oleh Tiahnybok, have nevertheless remained in the background.” However, Mr Lyashko has frequently commented on Russia’s war in Ukraine on Facebook. Amid the conflict, he also claimed to have been involved in a car crash in Kyiv on April 28, saying he had suffered a fractured hand and concussion, which he received treatment for in hospital.