Erik ten Hag’s security appeared to barge TV reporter Gary Cotterill away from the new Manchester United boss as he left Selhurst Park on Sunday. Ten Hag watched on as the Red Devils produced another dismal performance in their 1-0 defeat by Crystal Palace. Sky Sports’ Cotterill has attempted to get answers from Ten Hag ever since it became clear that United were close to appointing the Dutchman. He was ignored once again as Ten Hag left United’s game in South London. In footage shared by Sky’s social channels, Cotterill approaches Ten Hag as he walks towards Selhurst Park’s car park. He begins firing questions at the former Ajax head coach. “Welcome to the Premier League, Erik,” Cotterill begins. “Are you excited to get started?.... Are you excited to get started? You must be wanting to get stuck in straightaway.” JUST IN: Mahrez says Liverpool 'hate' Man City, plans to add misery on Reds  Ten Hag was accompanied by a security guard, who appears to manoeuvre Cotterill away from the new United boss. Cotterill slams: “Don’t push me, you’re on television!” He adds: “It doesn’t look good being manhandled by security, Erik. Man Utd are a big club.” Ten Hag got into the back of a black car without saying a word to Cotterill. He was perhaps partly unhappy with a woeful performance that evidenced how much work he has got to complete in order to elevate United back among the likes of Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea. Wilfried Zaha scored the only goal of the game against his former club. Bruno Fernandes’ horrendous pass allowed the Ivorian to shift past Diogo Dalot and wrong-foot David de Gea with an excellent finish. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick's final three words as bossMan Utd star David de Gea fires shots at team-mates with transfer callTen Hag will have learned four things from Man Utd’s defeat to Palace  United finished the season in sixth and only qualified for the Europa League because West Ham were beaten 3-1 by Brighton. A Hammers victory would have seen them leapfrog the Old Trafford outfit. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick guided United to their lowest Premier League points tally of 58. The loss at Palace was their 12th of a desperately disappointing campaign. Ten Hag has a major job on his hands as he attempts to rebuild the club. There is expected to be a monumental overhaul of the United squad this summer - with several departures. Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard will be just two who exit Old Trafford - with the pair leaving when their contracts expire at the end of June. United have been linked with a couple of big-name signings, but face strong competition from some clubs who could offer a more attractive destination if they are in the Champions League next term. 