Dr Mos-Shogbamimu said people who felt offended or touched by football fans booing the Duke of Cambridge at Wembley Stadium on Saturday should "get over it" as the second-in-line to the throne is "not beyond reproach". Hours after the shocking scenes at the London Stadium, the women's rights activist took to Twitter to say: "Only #PrinceWilliam is surprised he got booed - like how out of touch is this guy? Laughable. "Those having a fit should get over it - Prince William is not beyond reproach". Seemingly referring to the claim royal aides feared the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could be booed if they appeared on the Buckingham Palace balcony on June 2 alongside the Queen and other working royals, Dr Mos-Shogbamimu added: "…seems it isn’t #HarryandMeghan Royal Family should worry about being booed on Royal Balcony #FACupFinal". The jeering against Prince William began as the Duke's presence was announced during the pre-match just before the beginning of the FA Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday. Sections of the crowd also booed him as he moved down to the pitch to shake hands with the players of Chelsea and Liverpool. Some of the people at the stadium went on booing also as the national anthem was being played, as well as during a rendition of the Christian hymn Abide With Me. The Duke, who attended the match as the president of the FA, didn't comment on the show of disapproval. Following the end of the march, he returned on the pitch to hand the FA Cup trophy to Liverpool, which won 6-5 on penalties. While William appeared unscathed by the booing, leading MPs condemned the jeering. READ MORE: Hollywood may freeze Meghan and Harry out, claims production chief Commons speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle said the booing was particularly reprimandable as it happened weeks before the country is to get together to celebrate the Queen's 70th year on the throne. He told the MailOnline: "I utterly condemn any fans who booed Prince William at Wembley today. "The FA Cup final should be an occasion when we come together as a country. "It should not be ruined by a minority of fans’ totally shameful behaviour. "In this year of all years – the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee – this is dreadful." Sir Ed Davey, leader of the Liberal Democrats, said: "We have the most wonderful Monarch and those fans who booed do not represent their clubs or our country." Tory MP and former culture secretary Karen Bradley urged the FA "to take all necessary action and pursue those responsible". She added: "It is utterly unacceptable and disgraceful that fans booed Prince William." Following the match, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's Twitter account Kensington Royal shared a personal tweet signed off by William with his initial. The message didn't touch on the booing but focused entirely on the FA Cup. It read: "Congratulations @LFC on being crowned 2022 Men’s FA Cup champions! "Very well deserved after a long journey and commiserations to @ChelseaFC, you showed real fight for the full 120 minutes and more. W #FACupFinal" The Duke, who in his role as FA President has spearheaded a mental health awareness campaign focused on men, Heads Up, and spoken out against racism in the sport, was shown support by royal fans. One, Tim Smith, tweeted in response to William's message: "Thank you to Prince William for attending the match and presenting the FA Cup! "I abhor the sections of the crowd that booed and I think you and Kate are doing a fantastic job in a very troubled world! A real blessing for Her Majesty!" Another, P Pauta, tweeted: "This was truly the best highlight for me. To see Prince William attend and present the medals to my team. What a day!!! Thank you your Royal Highness. "Difficult circumstances but always handled with class!! Nothing but respect to our future King".