Leeds are set to finalise the £24million capture of USMNT international Brenden Aaronson from RB Salzburg following confirmation of their Premier League status next season. The spirited Whites battled past 10-man Brentford in west London, earning a 2-1 victory on the final day of a dramatic, injury-ravaged season to keep their heads above water, sending Burnley down to the Championship after six successive seasons in the top flight. Now Leeds will waste no time at all by strengthening their depleted squad with the acquisition of 21-year-old playmaker Aaronson, who was the subject of two unsuccessful January bids. Express Sport exclusively revealed during the winter window that Salzburg had told Leeds the player was not for sale at any price mid-season after qualifying for the Champions League knockout stages for the first time in their history. The two clubs have remained in dialogue ever since, despite Salzburg rejecting proposals of £15m and £20m. However, given Leeds' determination to land Aaronson, Salzburg verbally agreed to a £24m sale for the summer with director of football Victor Orta - providing Leeds were playing Premier League football next season. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thanks Aston Villa during classy message to Man City Now the Whites have received the green light to discuss personal terms with the highly-rated American, who is now expected to become Leeds' first summer signing. The arrival and success of Jesse Marsch will undoubtedly sweeten the move for his compatriot Aaronson, who was signed by the Leeds boss from the MLS during his time in charge of Salzburg. Marsch said back in March: “The whole talk with Brenden Aaronson, this happened before I came. I know Brenden, he’s an American, I’ve coached him; he’s a great player. But even when he came to Salzburg, Salzburg knew about him before I joined.” Aaronson's staggering running statistics saw him identified as a priority signing for Leeds, who believed be was tailor-made for Marcelo Bielsa's 'murderball' football. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thanks Aston Villa during classy message to Man CityPremier League Golden Boot: Mohamed Salah and Son Heung-min share top goalscorer prizeEverton star Richarlison trolls Liverpool after final-day Premier League title agony His former Philadelphia Union coach Jim Curtin had previously revealed the attacker was in the top 1% of players in the world for distance covered. There was also more positive news for Leeds regarding the future of Barcelona target Raphinha, who netted in the vital win at Brentford before climbing into the jubilant away end to celebrate survival with fans and his family. The Brazilian is understood to have had a £21m relegation clause written into his Leeds deal, which would have potentially seen him depart on the cheap had the club failed to beat the drop. But now confirmation of Leeds' survival strengthens their position over any sale, although Raphinha's future is still likely to lie away from Elland Road. The 25-year-old cut an emotional figure after the club's final home game against Brighton last Sunday, as he spent time on his own sitting against the goalpost following Leeds' lap of appreciation. It would suggest he is now preparing to say goodbye after two seasons in Yorkshire following his £17m switch from French club Rennes in October 2020. Chelsea had been leading the race for the Brazil international before Roman Abrahmovich was sanctioned by the British government but Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United have also shown interest. Raphinha does not have an active release clause in his current contract, as recently confirmed by Orta.