Dan Walker, 45, is leaving BBC Breakfast after joining the programme in 2016, as he moves to Channel 5 News later this month. Dan took to Twitter this morning to reveal he had "forgotten" to set an alarm for work this morning, "for the first time in 6 years" to the dismay of his fans. Dan took to Twitter to address the blunder, in view of his 755,800 followers. Along with a picture of him and Sally Nugent, as well as a close-up of his footwear choice and purple socks, Dan told his followers what had happened. He said: "My last ever Wednesday on #BBCBreakfast and guess what? I forgot to set my alarms for the first time in 6 years. "Thankfully the body clock kicked in and I wasn’t too late. I hope you can join us today." READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care Many social media users took to the post's comments to humour the presenter for his forgetfulness as well as share their sadness as he departs from the show next week. Chrisgam9 said: "What you going to do when you get a cheeky lie in?" JackieVear addedL "Going to miss you on @BBCBreakfast Dan, my husband and I always watch to see what makes you laugh in that days news." Phil_Green66 commented: "All the very best in your new role. You'll be missed on the BBC." Dan confirmed his last day at BBC Breakfast in an emotional Twitter post last week. He wrote: "So… My final day on #bbcbreakfast will be 2 weeks today! (May 17th) "It still feels a little surreal but @sallynugenttv has promised to bake me a goodbye tart," he penned alongside a laughing emoji. "Thank you for all the kind comments. DON'T MISS... Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [COMMENT] Lorraine Kelly addresses 'heartbreaking' conversation with daughter [INSIGHT] 'Terrified me' Kaye Adams brands Ivana Trump 'so rude' on Loose Women [OPINION] "You’re all lovely," he ended the post. Fans of the newsreader took to the comments to reveal that they had been left in tears over the news. KATEtheboss41 wrote: "You will be missed Dan. I ended up in tears already at 6am this morning. "But I do wish you all the best. And thank you for being there in our breakfast mornings. Like with @louiseminchin you have [touched] so many lives." Dan also shared a clip of the moment he announced his departure live on the show. Dan said: "May 17th is my last day", as his co-host Sally Nugent looked downcast at having the date confirmed. "That's not many shifts left is it," she replied, before Dan added that they have six shows left to present. "Six more three o'clockers then I'm out of here!" he joked. Sally asked him: "Is that slightly lovely to know you're going to get some more sleep?" "It is nice, but as I have explained to you it's also quite - it was a big decision and it's quite a sad one as well," he said to his co-host.