Paris Saint-Germain are yet to make a move for transfer target Paul Pogba ahead of his expected summer departure from Manchester United, reports claim. The World Cup winner is set to leave Old Trafford for the second time at the end of his contract, with former club Juventus among those also linked. Pogba has consistently divided opinions during his second Red Devils stint following his £89m return in 2016, with many pointing to his domestic struggles regularly contrasting with his form for France. The midfielder has made more than 200 senior appearances for United, yet his likely departure on a free transfer once more has largely avoided criticism from supporters. Pogba has reportedly already turned down an approach from rivals Manchester City, with Pep Guardiola understood to be in the market for a replacement for Fernandinho. However, the 29-year-old is expected to move overseas at the end of his current contract. PSG have inevitably touted as a potential destination for Pogba this summer, and French outlet RMC Sport claims the central midfielder is a target for Mauricio Pochettino's side. But despite this interest, an offer has not yet been put to the soon-to-be free agent as the Ligue 1 champions are keen to 'part with a few players' and have not finalised decisions over their current squad. It means Pogba could be left waiting for a proposal from the French capital, with Real Madrid among the other contenders also linked. The midfielder has not featured for United since limping off during the heavy defeat at Liverpool last month, and interim boss Ralf Rangnick has confirmed the 29-year-old has likely already played his last game for the club. Speaking after humbling 4-0 thrashing at Anfield, Rangnick said: "As it seems right now, he will not renew his contract and, I don’t know, maybe the club or Erik [ten Hag] will not want to renew his contract. It’s most likely he won’t be here next season. "He’s a player who won the World Cup; he’s such a good player that he was a regular starter for France. We all know what kind of potential he has and what kind of good player he can be. "He was like quite a few other players struggling to get his best performance sustainably on the pitch for a team like Man United. This has not only been the case this season or in the past couple of weeks. As far as I remember, it was also the case in earlier years."