An agitated Kirstie Allsopp urged the government to support the building of new homes via an impassioned Twitter plea today. The Location, Location, Location presenter expressed her discontent with the housing situation, which comes amid a cost of living crisis, and lamented that the country was "up s*** creek". BBC property expert Henry Pryor helped to ignite the debate by posting a headline stating that neighbours could now get the right to vote on housing plans, such as adding extensions to a property. He added: "Rip up those Govt. new home targets. There’s no way we’re going to build 300k new homes a year now." Kirstie retweeted it, before exclaiming: "Can someone explain to the Government how supply and demand works please? "Because if they don’t support the building of better housing, far faster, prices will continue to rise and we will all be f***ed." READ NOW: Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post She also added in a subsequent tweet: "The rise in the average age of purchase of a first home, followed by the rise in the average age of having a first child will have a profound affect on British society for centuries. (Sic) "Although this isn’t entirely linked to housing it is a huge factor." She dove further into the housing debate with follower @djmenaceuk, who suggested that high-rise housing schemes should involve villages instead of already over-crowded towns and cities. Responding to her tweet, he claimed: "Housing is being built, just the wrong type. Welwyn Garden City is becoming a high rise jungle, if the developers get their way. None of it planned properly just lining their pockets." He added: "We have nothing over 3 stories. Now they're trying to push through 9 storied blocks all over the place. "The irony being that the surrounding villages, which have a ton of unused space, brownfield etc their councillors voted against." Retweeting it, Kirstie echoed in agreement: "Every village in the country should have to take 12 new homes. "Terraced, built by a local developer in the vernacular, and sold at a fixed price to buyers who have submitted their names to a lottery. Fat chance of course but it would solve so many problems." She added in another post: "The blokes fighting on @theJeremyVine show are beautifully illustrating why we are up s*** creek." DON'T MISS... BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [UPDATE] Britney Spears urged to 'take it down a notch' after another naked pic [PHOTOS] Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [INSIGHT]  Affordable housing has regularly been a hot topic on the BBC Radio 2 show in the past, although the frenzy has flared up again since this week's announcement that residents may get a say in their neighbours' planning permission petitions via a voting system. Kirstie appeared sympathetic today to the housing crisis issues in her posts on Twitter. Yet earlier this year, she was in hot water with the public herself after suggesting that plenty of people could afford to buy a home.  She had discussed complaints from potential buyers that they cannot afford the deposit, arguing that she had made her first property purchase at age 21. Suggesting that today's generation stop frittering money on modern luxuries, she claimed: "When I bought my first property, going abroad, EasyJet, coffee, gym, Netflix lifestyle didn't exist. "I used to walk to work with a sandwich. And on payday I'd go for a pizza, and to a movie, and buy a lipstick. Interest rates were 15 per cent, I was earning £11,500 a year. "I don't want to belittle those people who can't do it, but there are loads of people who can do it and don't. "We've fallen into the trap of saying it's impossible for everybody," she told the Sunday Times. She made a series of suggestions at the time, including getting a first job at 18 and living with parents instead of renting to be able to save money for a deposit. However, she revealed on Twitter in the aftermath of her comments that she'd received some angry responses from the public.