Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy will play together in round one and two of the PGA Championship this Thursday and Friday. The star pairing will also be joined by another big name in three-time major champion Jordan Spieth. Woods makes only his second appearance on the PGA Tour since suffering severe injuries in a high-speed car crash in February 2021, following his return at the Masters last month. It remained unclear as to whether the 15-time major champion would compete or not after confirming at Augusta in April that he would only play a part-time schedule for the rest of his career. Fortunately for golf fans though, the golfing great’s entry was confirmed last week as he returns to Southern Hills, the stage where he won the PGA Championship crown back in 2007. For McIlroy he returns to an event he has won twice already in his career, having won the 2012 and the 2014 edition, with the latter being the last of his four major titles in what has been a frustating eight-year major drought for the Norhern Irishman. Completing the trio comes Spieth, who has three of golf's flagship titles to his name, leaving the headline group for the opening two days of play with 22 major championships between them. The event's other big name grouping sees the three top players in the world come together, as Scottie Scheffler (world No. 1), Jon Rahm (world No. 2) and Collin Morikawa (world No. 3) have all been grouped together for round one and two of the second major of the campaign. FedEx Cup champion Patrick Cantlay will be joined by American Ryder Cup teammates Justin Thomas and Dustin Johnson, whilst Ireland's Shane Lowry kicks his week off alongside two-time winner Brooks Koepka and Adam Scott. One man who will not be teeing it up at the 2022 championship is defending champion Phil Mickelson, after the American pulled out late last week. His withdrawal continues his three-month exile from the PGA Tour, after announcing he was taking a break from golf in February. The 51-year-old's decision came after he was heavily criticised for controversial comments surrounding the newly intorduced LIV Golf Series, and the support it was recieiving from Saudi Arabia. His absence from the PGA Championship means he is the first major champion to miss his defence since McIlroy withdrew from the 2015 Open Championship due to injury. Here is a look at the key tee times for day one of the PGA Championship. Thursday 19 May (all times BST) 