Cristiano Ronaldo is set to be involved in the Erik ten Hag era at Manchester United. His new boss has admitted he wants the 37-year-old to stay as he looks to reel in the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. So, with that being the case, it looks as though the veteran is yet to play under yet another new boss. Throughout his career, Ronaldo has played under many different managers. Just this season alone he’s performed under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, scoring 24 goals across all competitions amid a difficult year at Old Trafford. At Juventus, Ronaldo played under Massimiliano Allegri, Maurizio Sarri and Andrea Pirlo. At Real Madrid, he was deployed up top by the likes of Zinedine Zidane, Jose Mourinho, Rafa Benitez and Manuel Pellegrini, among others. And, during his first stint at United, he won every trophy possible under Sir Alex Ferguson. Ten Hag confirmed that Ronaldo was part of his plans when quizzed on the United star over the weekend, saying: “The detailed analysis still has to begin, I still have to work with the team, but let me be clear that at United there are a lot of good players around. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “We have to make them function as a team but definitely Ronaldo, he is a giant. “Ronaldo is a giant, because of what he's already shown and I think he's still very ambitious. “Of course I would like to keep him. He's been very important to Manchester United this year and can produce great statistics." But while Ronaldo has played under greats such as Zidane and Ferguson, neither man has been labelled as his favourite manager. Instead, speaking in 2018, the Portugal international confessed Mourinho was actually the best he’d worked with. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag "Work with Mourinho again? Why not?” he said at the time when quizzed on a possible reunion with his compatriot. “I would put him at the top, I always say that. "I have played for so many great coaches, but Jose Mourinho was a big thinker analytically, he went into everything in great detail." Ronaldo’s comments about Mourinho being the best manager he’s played under were certainly surprising at the time. The duo fell out at Madrid prior to the current Roma boss losing his job at the Bernabeu in the summer of 2013. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Yet Ronaldo, it seems, remembers their time together fondly. Real won the Copa del Rey in 2011, with Ronaldo scoring the winner in the final victory over Barcelona. And they then helped Los Blancos claim the La Liga crown the following year, beating Barcelona again in the process. Now, it’ll be fascinating to see how Ronaldo performs under Ten Hag. The Dutchman, during his time at Ajax, has often put youth at the forefront of his winning operation. But with Ronaldo one of the best players football has ever seen, it now seems like the veteran will again take centre stage. Meanwhile, the United star was recently confirmed as the Premier League Player of the Month for the second time this season. And, when speaking about winning the prize, he admitted he wished Ten Hag all the best as they prepare to work together. "We are happy and excited, not only as players, but the supporters as well,” said the 37-year-old. "I wish him the best and let's believe that, next year, we are going to win trophies."