Tom Parker’s wife, Kelsey Hardwick, has told how she wants her husband's The Wanted bandmates to "have their input" in her children's lives following his death. Tom died March 30, 2022, aged 33, after a battle with an inoperable brain tumour he was diagnosed with in 2020. His coffin was carried by bandmates Jay McGuiness, Max George, Siva Kaneswaran and Nathan Sykes into the church during his funeral last month. Kelsey married Tom in 2018 and the pair shared two young children together - daughter Aurelia AGE and son Bodhi AGE. She has now opened up on her future as a widow as she praised Tom’s bandmates for being “role models” for her children. Kelsey explained that she wanted Tom’s friend’s to one day tell her kids stories of their time together, performing and touring as a band. READ MORE: Helen Skelton devastated over husband Richie 'dating younger woman' “They’re a massive part of our lives and always have been,” Kelsey began. “They are role models for the kids too, so I want them to come over and have their input in their lives and to tell them stories about their dad." Kelsey continued to The Sun: ”They know stories I don’t know. Bodhi’s going to want to know the stories. “He is going to ask, 'What did my dad get up to on the tour bus?' and he’ll be able to ask them when he’s older.” She added that Tom's bandmates will "always be there" for her family. Last month Kelsey shared on Instagram a poignant poem called I Wish I Knew, written by Donna Ashworth, following Tom’s funeral. It read: "Grief may feel like the dying of the soul, while the body still lives, but you are alive my friend. "And they are not, nor do they want you to be with them yet." DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson talks 'guilt' over farm dilemma, leaving Kaleb fuming [LATEST]Victoria Beckham says David 'can't get enough' as he's caught staring [PICTURES]Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp' [INSIGHT] Kelsey continued: “They very much want you to live... "Do not fear the grief you feel, it’s just love thrashing around, looking for somewhere to go. So give it somewhere to go.” Kelsey also gave an insight into the pair’s relationship during the burial as she told attendees how the pair first met. "Tom told me he was going to be famous and wouldn't have time for a girlfriend, but he wouldn't leave me alone," she recounted. She continued: "I will treasure every memory because life with you was never dull. "You were always coming up with songs, new game shows and we all know how much you loved an invention. "I bet you were gutted you never made it on Dragons' Den. "Marrying you was the best day of my life... soulmates, that's what we are" she ended.