Inflation has reached seven percent in the UK, with financial analysts expecting it to soar even further to 10 percent later this year. Broadband providers have since received criticism for hiking broadband annual prices above the rate of inflation. Many of the country’s biggest broadband providers have increased their prices by over nine percent while households have been struggling to keep up with the rate of inflation as it is. Research carried out by USwitch found that the UK's average monthly broadband costs of £26.39. For context, the average monthly income comes to £2,266, which means broadband costs 1.16 percent of the average income. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Catherine Hiley, a broadband expert at Uswitch.com, outlined what the main factors are in preventing Britons from getting more affordable broadband. Specifically, she warned about the danger posed by leaving a contract too early in light of recent price hikes and exit fees as more opportunities will be available once it has ended. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years Mr Hiley explained: “The key to keeping broadband affordable is not to let yourself fall out of contract with your current provider, as you'll most likely pay much more once your deal has ended. “Your provider should notify you when you’re nearing the end of your current deal, which is the perfect time to run an online comparison to see what alternatives are available.” When it comes to cutting how much households spend on their broadband, Ms Hiley recommends constantly reviewing your overall budget to see what sort of broadband deal is right for you. She added: “Firstly, setting a realistic monthly budget is always helpful, so you know what you can afford for the long term.  “It’s also worthwhile working out how long you’re going to need the package. “For example, if you’re going to move house in 18 months' time, you’d be better suited getting a one year to 18 month contract, rather than a contract you’d be locked into for two years. “There is even the option of paying monthly for a rolling contract if you’d rather be connected for a shorter time period.” On how to best navigate the broadband market, Ms Hiley said: “If you’re looking to cut costs, it’s important that you only sign up for what you really need. “If you’re an avid online gamer, you might find you need faster download speeds. “But if you have light to general use of the internet at home, perhaps you won’t need a superfast package. This could ultimately save you money on your monthly bill. “If you’re unsure what speed you need, try running a speed test. “This will show you what speeds you’re currently working with, and can be a great way of assessing whether you’re happy at that level or need to upgrade. “For those who are struggling to afford broadband bills, it’s important you let your provider know. “Some providers, such as BT and Sky, offer cheaper social tariffs for those who claim Government benefits, so it’s worth reaching out if you’re eligible.”