Iryna Zakharchenko sat down with journalist Anne Diamond to discuss the support western countries have shown Ukraine. Ms Zakharchenko expressed gratitude to the rest of the world and claimed it was about saving lives. Western countries have been donating and sending heavy artillery weapons to Ukraine in order to fight off Russian advancement. Ms Zakharchenko said it would've been impossible without the support of the West. Ms Diamond said: "The courage of your people is amazing, isn't it." Ms Zakharchenko told GB News: "Thank you very much we know this and we will fight till the end. "And with all this help from the whole world, we are so grateful, because it would've been impossible. "We wanted to win and we will win, it's just about saving lives, all this equipment, weapons that are coming to Ukraine, helps a lot." JUST IN: 'END of Russia' Putin told UK will 'cripple' Moscow in swift revenge for nuclear strike     Western aligned NATO countries have been sending weapons and funding to Ukraine to help them fight off the bloody Russian onslaught. Sweden and Finland have attempted to join the western alliance despite, nuclear threats of retaliation from Russian President Vladimir Putin. Addressing the current situation in the Telegraph, Michael Fallon former Secretary of State for Defence, said Finland and Sweden “understand that Russia and NATO cannot be equal partners.” Mr Fallon said: “Finland and Sweden already know that Russia cannot stop them joining, nor need they fear any reprisal. “If Russia’s quarter of a million strong army couldn’t capture Kyiv, it’s hardly likely to be able to take Helsinki. “Russia now faces a long attritional war in the Donbas and will find it difficult, with a cratered economy and under Western sanctions, to refit its forces properly. “So neither Finland nor Sweden should be seen as weak supplicants desperate for shelter under the NATO umbrella.“  READ MORE:'I felt sick!' Retired widow loses £40,000 after 'looking for companionship' Prime Minister Boris Johnson praised Ukraine for standing strong again Russian bombardment during his visit to meet Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky last month. Mr Johnson added: "It is because of President Zelenskyy’s resolute leadership and the invincible heroism and courage of the Ukrainian people that Putin’s monstrous aims are being thwarted. "I made clear today that the United Kingdom stands unwaveringly with them in this ongoing fight, and we are in it for the long run. "We are stepping up our own military and economic support and convening a global alliance to bring this tragedy to an end, and ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation." The Prime Minister gave another £300million to Ukraine at the beginning of last week, in order to help. 