There's a brand new workout in town, and this one has been designed especially for gamers. Network operator EE has teamed up with fitness expert and influencer Obi Vincent and eSports organisation EXCEL to create the world's first Gaming Intensity Fitness Training (G.I.F.T) workout. The workout includes exercises to strengthen your fingers and wrists, while also reducing neck and shoulder strain, and boosting energy. You can check out the complete workout being demonstrated by Obi Vincent and Twitch streamer Sunpi below. EE explains more: "The new EE Full Fibre G.I.F.T. workout has been designed to help gaming fans achieve their full potential, as new research from EE reveals that Brits are spending on average 7 hours each week gaming, with almost two thirds (63%) experiencing fatigue during their gaming sessions. "The average time that gamers have continued gaming without a break was three hours. "Despite this, Brits rank physical fitness last in gaming performance essentials, behind gaming equipment, a reliable broadband connection, and screen size. "Yet, 39% of Brits do agree that ‘every second counts in gaming,’ with over a quarter (26%) looking to increase their gaming stamina and four in ten wanting to improve their decision-making skills or make faster decisions during their gaming sessions." While it's obviously a bit of a publicity stunt to promote EE’s speedy Full Fibre broadband for gamers, the workout itself is very useful. The G.I.F.T workout is designed for all fitness levels, and takes around 20 minutes to complete. It focuses on ten areas of the body, most notably the body parts used most by gamers. Furthermore, you don't need any fancy gym equipment, or an expensive membership to a club. Having played more than 100 hours of Elden Ring over the last couple of months, any chance to lessen neck and shoulder strain is most welcome. You can see the full list of moves below, plus how to actually complete each exercise in the video above. EE Full Fibre G.I.F.T workout – a step-by-step guide... 1. Neck Rotations 2. Shoulder Rotations 3. Shoulder CARS 4. All in the Wrists 5. Wrist Rotations 6. Finger Flexers 7. Gamer’s Glute Bridges 8. Back in the Game 9. Thread the Needle 10. Glute Fibre Flexes 11. Superman 12. Gaming Grips 13. Air Squats