TEAM NEWS Manchester City XI: Ederson, Cancelo, Walker, Dias, Laporte, Rodri, Bernardo, De Bruyne, Mahrez, Foden, Jesus Real Madrid: Courtois, Carvajal, Militao, Nacho, Mendy, Casemiro, Modric, Kroos, Valverde, Benzema, Vinicius Manchester City are facing off against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu in the second leg of the two sides Champions League semi-final. BT Sport will be broadcasting the big game live exclusively, with coverage beginning at 7pm ahead of kick-off at 8pm. If you want to tune in and watch the Manchester City Real Madrid game online then you can purchase a BT Sport Monthly Pass, which offers contract-free viewing for every single BT Sports channel. There will be plenty of excitement surrounding tonight's Champions League semi-final after the last game these two sides played. That game at the Etihad was one for the ages, with Manchester City winning a pulsating game 4-3, with Real surging back from going 2-0 in the opening 10 minutes. City will have plenty of motivation to book their place in their second Champions League final in as many years, as the UCL is the one piece of silverware that has so far alluded Pep Guardiola and his side. If Manchester City do emerge victorious from their semi-final with Real Madrid then it will be an all-English Champions League final this year. Yesterday Liverpool booked their spot in the UCL final after winning a dramatic game againt Villarreal in Spain.  BT Sport has all the action live from the Bernabeu today. The Real Madrid vs Manchester City match will be broadcast on BT Sport 2. Pre-match build-up begins at 7pm with kick-off at 8pm. BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). If you're not currently a BT TV customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles. 