The Princess Royal, 71, has long been praised for her tireless work ethic, and in the past royal fans have called her “so inspirational” and “a credit to the Royal Family.” When she was born, the Queen’s second child and only daughter was third in line to the throne but is now 17th. Due to the “male-preference primogeniture” that was in place when she was born in 1950, Anne is succeeded in the line of succession by her older brother Prince Charles as well as her younger brothers, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward. Cele Otnes, co-author of Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture describes Anne as a “non-fuss pillar of the family” before adding that the Princess is “extremely pragmatic” about her constant shifting position in the line of succession as further heirs are produced. However, she notes that she is “sad for Britain” about the fact that Anne would never be the monarch. She told Express.co.uk that this was because the Princess Royal follows in her mother’s footsteps with her commitment to “duty” and as she’s a stalwart member of the Royal Family. Ms Otnes told Express.co.uk: “She’s extremely pragmatic about you know, continually getting bumped on the line of succession. “And she realistically probably knew she would probably never be a monarch anyway because Charles is got the same longevity genes as everybody else in that family but I am sort of sad for Britain about that. “It's so ironic, this whole primogeniture thing where the first female to be actually allowed to be in the line of succession where she belongs is Princess Charlotte, right? “It's so gobsmacking because who have been the longest reigning monarchs since 1837 in this family? It's been Queen Victoria and Queen Elizabeth II. “Anyway, that rule has been corrected, but it was corrected for Charlotte and not for Anne, and, and we the country might have benefited greatly if it had been corrected for her.” READ MORE: Kate's 'calm and stabilising influence' won over royals Ms Otnes also points out the Queen’s only daughter has rarely been involved in any kind of controversy, and has also not deviated from the monarchy’s long-standing "never complain, never explain" policy, and The saying is said to have first been adopted by the Queen Mother when she became Queen Consort in 1936, before being passed on to her own daughter — the current Queen. The term essentially explains the Firm’s approach to public relations, as the Royal Family traditionally does not wade in on the press frenzy around certain royal scandals. Instead, they traditionally stand back and let the drama run its course. DON'T MISS Prince William to appear on £5 coin as part of his 40th birthday [REPORT] Queen cuts major role to spare Andrew’s embarrassment [INSIGHT] Royal POLL: Should William and Charles welcome Harry back? [POLL] Ms Otnes, a professor of marketing specialising in how the Royal Family said: “The Queen's bedrock principle has been duty and, for lack of a better term, don't embarrass the family. “And Anne shares those and in fact because she's no fuss. “She's the non-fuss pillar of the family, and to the extent where she didn't even want her children to have titles because she wanted them to have a normal life.” Due to George V’s 1917 Letters Patent, only the children and grandchildren of the monarch through the male line are automatically given the title of prince or princess. This means that despite being in line to the throne, neither of Anne’s children has an honorary title equivalent to those of Prince Harry or Prince William. However, Princess Anne was offered the chance to give her children – Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall (formerly Phillips) – a title, but she declined. Speaking to Vanity Fair, she defended her decision, saying she believed they were "better off". She told the magazine: “I think it was probably easier for them, and I think most people would argue that there are downsides to having titles. “So I think that was probably the right thing to do." Zara told the Times in 2015 that her lack of a title presented her with "opportunity". The Olympian said: “I’m very lucky that both my parents decided to not use the title and we grew up and did all the things that gave us the opportunity to do.”