Sevilla are eager to thrash out a deal to see Jules Kounde join Chelsea as a matter of priority in the summer transfer window, according to reports. The Frenchman has long been admired by those in command at Stamford Bridge and came close to making the switch to west London a year ago but was ultimately forced to stay put after the two clubs failed to agree on a transfer fee despite months of negotiations. Chelsea have since been tipped to reignite their pursuit of Kounde at the next available opportunity, with the likes of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen set to leave the club upon the expiry of their contracts at the end of the current season. It seems as though the Blues could be successful at the next time of asking if they decide to resume talks with Sevilla over the 23-year-old's services, with the La Liga heavyweights keen to get him off their books in advance of next season, according to Goal.The report claims that Sevilla will be looking to offload Kounde as quickly as possible in order to allow his eventual replacement to be snapped up and quickly brought up to speed. He is said to remain eager to join Chelsea after reaching a verbal agreement with the Blues last summer and has reportedly been promised that he will be allowed to leave Sevilla before the start of next season.Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel met with prospective new owner Todd Boehly last week but did not speak about potential transfers in spite of the club's need to reinforce their defensive ranks in advance of the new campaign. However, Boehly is said to have drawn up encouraging plans to bring Chelsea into a new era after two decades under the stewardship of Roman Abramovich and is expected to lead a fruitful summer window when the club's transfer restrictions are eventually lifted. JUST IN: Aymeric Laporte makes encouraging Arsenal claim despite top four blow It remains to be seen whether Chelsea will eventually be able to push a deal for Kounde over the line in the not-too-distant future in order to prepare for a renewed Premier League title challenge next season. The defender has emerged as a mainstay at the back for Sevilla over the last few years, having featured on 43 occasions for the Andalusian club in all competitions over the course of the current campaign.Kounde's impressive versatility, quick turn of pace and cultured range of passing would stand him in good stead to succeed as part of Tuchel's back three when the new season gets underway in August. However, former Liverpool winger Steve McManaman has already warned that Kounde may not yet be ready to assume a starring role at one of the Premier League's leading clubs in spite of his rising stock in recent years. "Kounde is a French international and he’s young, he will attract attention," said McManaman when quizzed on the Sevilla defender's qualities last year."The way defenders in Spain play always means they do. But even though he’s only 23 years old, he has been around and has been highly thought of for the past couple of years. However, nobody’s plumped for him yet, and there’s a reason."It’s either because he’s too expensive or he’s just not top level yet. I still think he has to improve if he’s going to be in the top echelons of the Premier League, where you will find the very best teams." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here