Leading foreign exchange provider Eurochange revealed its top tips on how to get the best-priced flights, including booking on Sundays, and how to find last minute deals "if you’re not particular on exact dates" this summer. Sundays are generally the cheapest days of the week to book a flight, but prices may vary by destination and length of flight, and other factors including seasonality and weather. Managing Director at Eurochange, Charles Stewart, advised Britons to be flexible if they can. He explained: “Generally, you’ll find cheaper flights by booking three to four months in advance of the date you’re intending to travel on. "If you allow yourself to be flexible and forward plan, searching via month will help you to find the cheapest flights to your chosen destination. "In some cases, you can find good last-minute deals on flights, especially if you’re not particular on exact dates when you start your search. “If you’re stuck to certain time frames, such as school holidays, being flexible on the airline provider will also allow you to find cheaper rates, because budget airlines often don’t include add ons in their initial cost.” READ MORE: Simon Calder shares essential tip amid passport chaos  Charles advised travellers to take advantage of off-peak months and do their research into when the school holidays fall ahead of their planning. He said: “For those lucky enough to be able to travel outside of the school holidays, you’ll always be able to find cheaper flights by sticking to term time. "This year, the start of the summer holiday begins on July 25. “Airline providers are clever when it comes to their prices, ramping up the ticket cost when there’s a guaranteed demand. "So if you don’t want to be stung, make sure to also look out for any major sporting events that might be happening around the time of your holiday.”  The travel expert said it is a myth that searching for flights in incognito mode affects the flight prices. He explained: “It’s long been suspected that airlines use your recent searches to increase prices on flights that you’ve already searched for, but data suggests that this is not the case. "There is little evidence to prove this theory and instead, the price of your flight is probably increasing due to fewer availability.” Charles recommended flight comparison sites as they are the best place to find value flights. “However, it’s important to remember that the first price you see might not be the full cost," he warned. He continued: "When pulling together your final budget, make sure that you’ve checked how much your chosen airline will charge you for seat allocation, baggage and food because on a round-trip journey it will quickly add up. “Some airlines offer package deals which include flights, hotels, baggage, coach transfers and more, so it’s worth considering this option if you want a bargain.” Charles added there are many other factors to consider when it comes to planning a bargain holiday. These include hotel cost, price of a meal and travel money. "To get the best rate on your travel currency, you’re always better exchanging before you head on holiday. “We always recommend bringing local currency to your travel destination, so it’s important to plan ahead and consider that purchasing travel money at the airport can be extremely expensive,” he said.