James May, 59, has spoken about co-presenter Jeremy Clarkson’s eating habits, sharing that the Clarkson's Farm host becomes displeased if anyone suggests they share food. It comes after Jeremy was asked to leave Top Gear in 2015 following an incident where he had hit producer Oisin Tymon. They had been involved in a dispute concerning dinner. When asked about his experience of working with Jeremy, James, who is appearing on Have I Got News for You this evening, revealed that there is an unspoken rule on set when it comes to mealtimes. He said in reference to Jeremy: “Well, we definitely don't share our food. "We both bristle a bit if there is somebody says, 'Shall I order a bit of everything for everybody?'" Following their time as a presenting trio on Top Gear, James, Jeremy and Richard Hammond have worked together on The Grand Tour on Amazon Prime. READ MORE: Amber Heard could face perjury probe over charitable donation claims James described their chemistry on set. “It's something we don't understand and it can't be replicated, and it's also very delicate,” the car enthusiast told The Mirror. Richard Hammond may not agree entirely with James on this, as he once said “everything goes wrong” when he is with James and Jeremy. He once admitted that things seem to go more smoothly when he is on his own than when he's paired with his Grand Tour co-stars. In an interview with the Lancashire Post last year, he said: “Something happens when we three work together. “I remember in the special we just made in Scotland, Jeremy saying, ‘This is weird, when I go away on my own, caravans don’t suddenly become disconnected from cars, boats don’t sink, car wheels don’t just jam up and stop all of a sudden. None of that happens.’ “And it doesn’t to me either and it doesn’t to James — we go about our lives in a normal fashion. “But when we’re all three together, everything goes wrong.” DON'T MISS:Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams Victoria Beckham's U-turn on 'thinness' [ANALYSIS]Monty Don bedridden for days after Gardeners' World absence [UPDATE] He recalled: “I’m really rubbish with boats, it's not the first time I’ve proven that. “But I proved it again — I completely unexpectedly sank a boat… When things go wrong like that for most shows, it would have been a disaster. “There would have been a real sense of panic on the set, of ‘Oh my God, he sank the boat! What now?’ “Whereas before I’d even hit the freezing cold water, I realised, ‘Oh, it’s brilliant! The boat is sinking!’ “It’s one of the better things we did by accident.” Richard has survived two serious car accidents during his presenting career. In 2006, he filmed a Top Gear segment at the former RAF Elvington Airbase near York where he drove a jet-powered car which then crashed at 314mph (505km/h).