Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries joined the club's demands to European football's governing body Uefa following incidents which saw some fans pepper-sprayed by police. Pregnant women and young families were among those caught up in the chaos, which delayed Saturday's kick-off by 36 minutes. One fan described running "a gauntlet of thuggery". Others had officers point guns at them after the game, which Liverpool lost 1-0 to Real Madrid. Youngster Olley Clemente was filmed sobbing as he wiped his eyes. His father, Carl, 38, posted the disturbing video on Twitter. He wrote: "My nine-year-old suffered the effects of tear gas after the match, a football match! The police were throwing them for fun! I got hit directly! So toxic, defo not a place for kids! Football is finished." Ian Byrne, Labour MP for Liverpool West Derby, said he had not witnessed such scenes of chaos since the 1989 Hillsborough disaster - in which 97 fans died. As with that tragedy, he said, he was concerned by the "narrative of lies" beginning to build. Liverpool Mayor Joanne Anderson said she was "disgusted" by the "appalling management and brutal treatment of LFC fans". And Ms Dorries said footage and accounts from fans were "deeply concerning" and a formal investigation was "in the interests of everyone". It is understood the Foreign Office has urged a thorough investigation with French authorities. It came after a damning tweet from France's interior minister accused Liverpool fans of causing the violence outside the Stade de France. Gerald Darmanin claimed Liverpool fans were to blame for the disorder, which led to 68 arrests and 174 injuries. He said: "Thousands of British 'supporters' without tickets or with counterfeit tickets forced entry and sometimes assaulted the stewards."  Uefa first blamed the late arrival of fans before claiming the Liverpool end was blocked by thousands of fans with "fake tickets" which did not work in the turnstiles. However, Liverpool defender Andy Robertson, 28, said the match had "not been well organised", adding many of the players' families and friends were affected. He said one of his friends was told his ticket was a fake. "I assure you it wasn't. It was a shambles really," he added. Supporter Greg Scott, who missed some of the match due to the mayhem, said: "I've travelled to many stadiums around Europe. But never have I seen anything like this, complete lack of control from the police. "Their excuses stink. It's nothing to do with the fans, the club, it's Uefa and the French police. People could have been seriously hurt, we were piled in together for hours in the heat queuing up, and then we had no idea where to go next. "French police were using tear gas on a calm crowd like it was nothing, those with tickets were kept outside, I didn't see most of the first half." Liverpool FC later released a statement calling for a thorough investigation into events outside the ground. They said they were "hugely disappointed" by the stadium entry issues. In a statement, Merseyside Police said the behaviour of "the vast majority of fans" had been "exemplary". 