The brothers fell out after Harry quit royal life and moved to the United States with his wife Meghan and their then-only child Archie. Now, however, the dukes are said to have been back in touch, with reports that their rift "is in the past" – just in time for the much-awaited celebrations of the Queen's 70-year-reign. A source said: "It seems the two of them have healed the rift and are very much back on their old buddy terms. "Prince William wanted to embrace Harry and they have been messaging each other every few days. "They've also had FaceTime calls with their children." They added: "There is a strong feeling that what happened is in the past. Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's brutal snub shows ‘who is important’ in Firm Meghan and Kate, though, are yet to speak, the source told the Mirror. The Duke of Cambridge on Saturday oversaw the full dress rehearsal during final preparations for the Trooping the Colour ahead of the monarch's official birthday, on June 2, next week. The colour of the Irish Guards will be trooped at this year's event and Prince William, as Colonel of the Regiment, led the 90-minute rehearsal for the spectacle, which kicks off the Platinum Jubilee festivities. He was greeted by a salute before carrying out the inspection on horseback of the troops in their ceremonial uniform of red tunics and bearskin hats. Meanwhile, Prince Harry took part in a polo match with his team Los Padres in Santa Barbara, which he joined recently. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expected to travel from California to London on Monday, and the couple also confirmed they will be bringing three-year-old Archie and 11-month-old Lilibet. A spokesman for the Sussexes said earlier this month: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative [ANALYSIS]Is the Jubilee value for money? [POLL]Harry and Meghan's birthday plans for Lilibet revealed [INSIGHT] The last time the Duke and Duchess were surrounded by so many members of the Firm was when they married. All of the queen's cousins, children and grandchildren are due to attend the Platinum Jubilee service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday, June 3, for what will be the biggest royal outing of the bank holiday weekend. Harry and Meghan will not appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony with senior working members of the Royal Family. The Queen's Jubilee is a well-marked date in the British public's diaries, with more than 16,000 street parties expected to be held over the bank holiday weekend. Councils across England have received a "huge number of applications" from residents to celebrate Her Majesty's long time on the throne, according to the Local Government Association (LGA). Parades are due to take place across the country while schools, businesses and local communities are all set to get involved.