Minnie Driver joined Jermaine Jenas and Alex Jones on Tuesday’s The One Show to reveal all to the BBC presenters about her new memoir. After compiling a series of tales for the book from her decorated career, Alex was keen to touch on one moment which didn’t make it to the page involving Andrew Lloyd Webber, singer Beyonce, and a performance at the Oscars that never was. Referring to the book, Alex said to Minnie during the interview: “Now the brilliant thing is that you sort of choose what anecdotes to put in because there were so many brilliant ones. “You write beautifully about your mum which we’ll get to in just a sec, but one of her favourite ones didn’t make the cut,” Alex teased. “And I think it’s a shame that people will never know about Beyonce and how that led to you managing your expectations. Please share with the group,” The One Show host encouraged. Minnie let out a laugh before she delved into the details: “Oh, my God. I mean, you know, so I did this film, Phantom of the Opera, you showed a picture of that at the beginning… READ MORE: Deborah James breaks down in tears as she signs off final podcast “I didn’t actually sing in the film because she [the character] is a high soprano. “I sing, my whole life, but I am not a high soprano. “So there was a beautiful opera singer and I lip-synced. “But Andrew Lloyd Webber knew I was a singer and he wrote this song for the end of the movie and he asked me to sing it,” Minnie explained. The 52-year-old went on: “So I sang it, it’s called Learn to Be Lonely, and it was nominated for an Oscar, which is obviously really exciting. “So I’m in rehearsals for the song, this huge opportunity and I get a call one day and it’s the producer going, ‘Yeah, you know, you’re not singing the song anymore.’” Sharing her surprised reaction, Minnie said: “And I was like, ‘What?” And he said, ‘No.’ And I was like, ‘What? Why? Who’s singing it?’ “And he was like, ‘Beyonce. Beyonce’s singing all the songs - all the lady songs,’ is exactly what he said.” DON'T MISS:Deborah James talks ‘wanting to hold husband's hand' in last daysLatvia Eurovision 2022 lyrics: What do Citi Zeni’s sing?BBC's Chris Mason highlights 'striking sentence' exposing Brexit plan Both Alex and Jermaine let out a gasp before the former chipped in to ask: “Can Beyonce do opera?” Minnie replied: “By the way, I’m pretty sure she could do anything! It was hard. I was devastated. “But it was also Beyonce so it was almost like what are you gonna do? You don’t have a leg to stand on.” However, the anecdote didn’t end there as Minnie went on to share a mishap which occurred right after when she headed on holiday to alleviate her devastation. She added: “So I went on holiday with my best mate, and my best mate said, ‘Let’s just get out of Dodge and let’s forget about it, let’s forget about it.’ “We were really tired when we got to the airport in Costa Rica to get a little internal flight to where we were going. (We) get on the plane, fall asleep, wake up, no sea (or) ocean beneath us. “And I go to the pilot because it’s this tiny plane and I say, ‘Costa Rica?’ He says, ‘No, Panama!’ And I was like, ‘No, no, no, Costa Rica!’ And he was like, ‘Panama!’ And we landed on this tiny airstrip in the middle of the jungle in the middle of the night in the wrong country with our little wheelie bags in the jungle. “I was like John Cleese in that episode of Fawlty Towers where he’s in the fetal position jumping up and down. My mate Emma was very together even though she had high heels on.” Alex closed the discussion by quipping: “So you’re in the jungle and Beyonce’s singing.” The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.