The actor confirmed he would be leaving The Blacklist after appearing as FBI Special Agent Aram Mojtabi in the first season. Amir’s character wasn’t killed off and the door has been left open for a return as the FBI Agent is simply moving to Brooklyn. Addressing his exit on Twitter, Amir penned a sweet post about his time on the show and paid tribute to those he’d worked alongside. He posted: “I did my first play in the 2nd grade and have been doing theatre ever since. “I always dreamed of doing a Broadway show but, over time, that aspiration evolved into television with the hoe of working on a great series. “Nine years ago I auditioned for The Blacklist, a show that has everything; drama, suspense, character, comedy, relationships, and a universe of rich characters led by James Spader with endless opportunities created by Jon Bokenkamp. “I was welcomed into that world and gifted with the role of Aram Mojtabai.” READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show Amir went on to explain he is leaving the series to take up a role in The Kite Runner on Broadway, explaining its “one of the most extraordinary novels I have ever read”. “I could not pass up the opportunity to fulfil another childhood dream,” he wrote. “Showrunner John Eisendrath, the producers, writers, studio, and network have been incredibly supportive of my decision and Aram remains 'alive' with the potential for a possible return at some point. “Story-wise it feels so organic with the events of this past season, and I couldn't have asked for a better outcome.” Amir added: “The Blacklist has changed my life - I have made lifelong friends, learned so much along the way, and have met countless wonderful people from all over the world who support the show. “It is not lost on me how lucky I am to have been able to work and evolve with a role for nine years with this special cast, crew, and so many dedicated artists. “I can’t wait to see what season 10 has in store, I’ll be watching, and I also can’t wait to dive into The Kite Runner on Broadway.” He signed off: “I feel like one lucky kid.” DON'T MISS...The Blacklist season 10: Will there be another series? [UPDATE]The Blacklist season 9 finale: Panabaker's return confirmed [LATEST]The Blacklist fans demand Dembe return after Red reunion [REACTION] Fans were quick to comment on Amir’s Twitter post with Allison Glock replying: “Will miss writing for you, kind human. See you in nyc.” “Awww, sad to see this but thank you for being one of the best parts of BL for 9 years of an amazing story,” Cheree Carter posted. “Aram will be truly missed. The Kite Runner is important though; pain informs us all. Happy for you & glad to see it’s in good hands.” @DelightfulDame added: “I wish you all the best! Aram was a beacon of goodness, intelligence, morality & all around good guy. “Whomever joins the Blacklist cast will have big shoes to fill in the Aram-sized hole in our hearts. Thank you for tweeting with us all these years. You’ll be missed!” Amir is not the only star who is leaving the series as Laura Sohn, who played FBI Agent Alina Park, also made an exit. Laura is yet to reveal what she has planned next but there is no suggestion Agent Alina wil return to the series. The Blacklist is confirmed to return for season 10.