David Beckham's Studio 99 film crew are the production company who were given behind-the-scenes access to Ronnie O'Sullivan as he secured a seventh World Snooker Championship win. O'Sullivan, 46, drew level with Stephen Hendry's all-time record after playing sublimely during the 17 days in Sheffield, and was emotional after beating English compatriot Judd Trump in an absorbing final. Having dominated the first two sessions on Sunday, O'Sullivan went into Monday leading 12-5, raising the prospect of the game being over without the need for a final session. However, any thoughts of a procession were dispelled as Trump won six of the first eight frames to leave things at 14-11. O'Sullivan re-asserted control though, making three 80 plus breaks on Monday evening to eventually prevail 18-13. Afterwards, the two finalists embraced before O'Sullivan told reporters of his desire to target an eighth world crown in 2023. The snooker legend had already revealed he was allowing a film crew to follow him for an all-access documentary, and sure enough, there was plenty more to capture outside of his play at The Crucible. During the tournament, he was warned for making a lewd gesture, vowed to take a hairdryer into his clash with Trump, and regularly clashed with the referee in the final. JUST IN: Judd Trump performs Crucible u-turn to delight of crowd after losing to Ronnie O'Sullivan And now the Daily Mail have revealed that it's Beckham, 47, behind what will surely prove a popular documentary: "Ronnie is one of the greatest to play any sport ever, his achievements and his character and story are unique and will make for a compelling documentary," a source close to the production was quoted as saying. "Ronnie felt it was time to tell his story and he has granted amazing access to the team. They have been with him through this whole build up and every frame of the final. David has always been a huge admirer of Ronnie’s and loves him as a person and he is honoured that Ronnie has chosen Studio 99 to tell his story." DON'T MISS:Ronnie O'Sullivan claims he 'needs a detox' after 'really difficult' World ChampionshipRonnie O'Sullivan fumes at security guard in World Championship final - 'Stay out'Ronnie O’Sullivan act rubbished by snooker legend Jimmy White - 'I'm not buying it'  In his press conference after winning the final, O'Sullivan said: 'I don't know if it's going to be the best sports documentary ever - you're going to have to watch it and find out. What I can say is that I have given them complete access - to the point of where if you could put a fly on the wall and follow me for 17 days here, that is basically what has happened." He added the camera crew had been in his dressing room, and hotel room after matches: "The access I gave them, they said they've never had that access with any other sportsman. Hopefully people watch it, enjoy it - they will get to see everything and it had a good ending as well," he added.