The video, posted on Twitter, seemingly shows images of a group of Ukrainian soldiers making a safe escape as a Russian missile falls from the sky and strikes only a few metres away from a Ukrainian campsite. The lucky Ukrainian soldiers fall to the ground in response to the attack, and heavy smoke and fire are seen coming out from the explosion point close to the campsite. Heavy smoke and flames are seen coming out from the explosion site, only a few metres away from the Ukrainian base. Below the video posted on Twitter, user Mark Nisbet shared a picture that captured the exact moment the Russian missile was about to strike the ground. In the caption above the image and referring to the size of the weapon, he commented: “That was one hell of a missile!”. The video comes after President Zelensky announced that Ukrainian forces have recaptured villages from Russian troops north and northeast of Kharkiv. Kharkiv represents Ukraine's second-largest city and has been under continual bombardment since the beginning of the invasion. Following the successful counteroffensive, President Zelensky said: “ The Armed Forces of our state provided us all with good news from the Kharkiv region. “The occupiers are gradually being pushed away from Kharkiv. “I’m grateful to all our defenders who are holding the line and demonstrating truly superhuman strength to drive out the army of invaders. READ MORE: Russian colonel admits military doesn't have more 'pilots or planes' “But I also want to urge all our people, and especially those in the rear, not to spend excessive emotions. “We shouldn’t create an atmosphere of specific moral pressure, when certain victories are expected weekly and even daily. He continued: “The Armed Forces are doing everything to liberate our land and our people”. The press officer for the 92nd Separate Mechanised Brigade Tetiana Apatchenko confirmed the reports and added that Ukrainian forces have retaken the settlements of Cherkaski Tyshky, Ruski Tyshky, Borshchova, and Slobozhanske. DON'T MISS: Brexit: 'Renegotiation not an option!'​ EU issues warning to UK [WATCH]P&O REVENGE: New law unveiled to crack down on UK ferry firm [LISTEN]Boris's energy masterplan scuppered by Brussels– EU still meddling [INSIGHT] Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy, speaking to French University Sciences Po, said the war with Russia would have been prevented if his country had been member of Nato beforehand. "If Ukraine had been part of Nato before the war, there would have been no war", Zelenskiy told students via videolink. Russian President Vladimir Putin has repeatedly said the risk of seeing Ukraine become member of Nato warranted the invasion of its neighbour that started more than two months ago.