Alan White has died aged 72. The tragic news was confirmed by the musician's band, Yes, as well as in a statement made by his family.  The Yes drummer, who famously featured on John Lennon's hit, Imagine, passed away following a "brief illness", his family confirmed. In a statement, his family wrote: "Alan White, our beloved husband, dad, and grandpa, passed away at the age of 72 at his Seattle-area home on May 26, 2022, after a brief illness. “Throughout his life and six-decade career, Alan was many things to many people: a certified rock star to fans around the world; band mate to a select few, and gentleman and friend to all who met him.” The star's band Yes also paid tribute to the musician, revealing that they're planning to dedicate their tour to the late star. READ MORE: Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague  The band wrote: "Alan was considered to be one of the greatest rock drummers of all time and joined YES in 1972 for the Close to the Edge Tour. "He had previously worked with John Lennon’s Plastic Ono band after a call, in 1969, to play at the Toronto Rock Festival. "Alan continued working with Lennon including on the Imagine album and with George Harrison on All Things Must Pass," they added. The statement continued: "He also worked with several other musicians, over the years, including Ginger Baker’s Air Force, Joe Cocker, Gary Wright, Doris Troy and Billy Preston to name but a few. "Alan White was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of YES in 2017. "YES will dedicate their 50th Anniversary Close to the Edge UK Tour in June to White," they ended the statement. Alan is survived by his wife of forty years, Rogena (Gigi) as well as his children and other immediate family members. Following the tragic news, fans flocked to social media to pay their respects to the star. DON'T MISS...Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [INSIGHT]Kevin Spacey charged over alleged sex attacks [ANALYSIS]Monty Don receives 'top honour amid meeting with the Queen [UPDATE] Drummer of metal band Dream Theatre, Mike Portnoy, wrote: "Absolutely stunned to wake up to the news of Alan White’s passing. "His playing for the past 50 yrs was a massive influence on me & I’ve had the honor of spending much time together thru the years. My condolences to his wife Gigi, his family & the entire Yes camp," (sic) he added. Twitter user @primarily_prog wrote: "Now playing …So sad to hear about Alan White. "He played drums and percussion on my favourite track of all time - the most perfect song ever recorded IMHO - and for that he’ll always be remembered … (sic) "Rest easy fella and thanks for the music," he finished the post. In 1983, Yes' single Owner of a Lonely Heart topped the charts in the US. White also featured as a session drummer in George Harrison's All Things Must Past.  