The Chase spin-off Beat the Chasers returned to ITV on Monday night and viewers noticed one familiar face was missing from the panel. Anne Hegerty revealed she would not be a part of the latest special, having tested positive for COVID. Fans were introduced to her replacement, Issa Schultz, and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star. Beat the Chasers is back with another series but sadly The Governess, Anne Hegerty, will not be putting the contestants through their paces. She was at home isolating during filming and has been replaced by Issa Schultz, otherwise known as The Supernerd. Issa, 38, is known for appearing on The Chase: Australia since its conception in 2015. Fans may be interested to hear he was born in Cornwall in the UK, and he was delighted to have been approached to fill Anne's shoes. He joined Mark Labbett, Paul Sinha, Jenny Ryan, Shaun Wallace and Darragh Ennis on the panel. READ MORE: The Chase star opens up on replacing Anne Hegerty He has previously starred alongside Anne Hegerty and was a natural choice to replace her. The expert is an eight-time winner of the Australian Quizzing Championships. He has also taken part in The Rich List, an Australian alternative of Who Dares Wins, as well as Who Wants to be a Millionaire? Issa moved to Australia in 1995 and his family settled in Tewantin, Queensland.  The star attended Noosa District State High School and has since proven himself to be a fountain of knowledge. Issa is on Instagram and he shared a photo of himself holding two Australian flags. He said: "It starts TONIGHT! Beat the Chasers returns to ITV all week Monday to Friday at 9pm."Join this Aussie with his new group of quizzing friends as we make mouth-watering offers of hundreds of thousands of pounds eep (the pressure I tellsya)! I may have accidentally said 'dollars' once or twice. "Quite nervous about this, and I'm back in Brisbane so I won't get to see it live sorry, but I hope all my UK friends enjoy it very much." DON'T MISS... Anne Hegerty replacement speaks out on 'terrifying' Beat the Chasers Anne Hegerty's Beat the Chasers replacement addresses shake-up Anne Hegerty says family she 'didn't get on with' inspired Governess In 2017, Schultz appeared as a celebrity contestant on Hell's Kitchen Australia.  The expert proved himself as the real deal during his first appearance in the UK version of Beat the Chasers. Fans took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the newcomer, with Kyle saying: "This Issa Schultz bloke seems nice #beatthechasers." Nick added: "Looking forward to seeing what Issa brings to #BeatTheChasers."  In an interview with Radio Times, the star said he was excited about his UK debut. He said: "I can't believe I'm here. [I'm feeling] great, excited and flattered that they asked me. "I've always dreamed to come on the UK version in some regard when the Aussie one started because as a dual citizen, it's a great opportunity. "So with that in the back of my mind, I was sort of like, 'Yes! At last!' but the circumstances were unfortunate obviously." Beat the Chasers airs on ITV