When a washing machine isn’t clean, bacteria such as E.coli and Staphylococcus aureus run riot. A dirty and smelly machine is also more likely to be full of limescale and when mineral deposits build up on internal components, their efficiency and service life is reduced significantly. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared tips on how to remove odours from washing machines on dedicated cleaning pages. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her “smelly” washing machine. Linda Burton wrote: “Help needed. I’ve suffered with smelly washing for ever. “I just cleaned the machine and ran a specific washing machine cleaner through a hot wash, but despite using bio liquid and conditioner my washing still comes out smelling off. “I’ve tried changing the bio liquid and conditioner and even tried eco washing sheets but nothing works. Help please!” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ Every time you wash your clothes, you’re encouraging the growth of bacteria and bad smells. Liquid detergents and low-temperature washes work wonders on your clothing but create the perfect environment for bacterial growth in your washing machine. On top of that, every wash adds mineral deposits to the internal components of your washing machine (including the heating element). This means your machine has to work harder to heat up, costing you more money and wearing down your washing machine more quickly. DON'T MISS: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [TIPS]Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [EXPERT]Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to get rid of ants in homes - ‘kills them’ [COMMENT] Hundreds of Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments section of Linda’s post to share their top tips to remove washing machine odours. The most popular response was to use a dishwasher tablet. Sharon Milton said: “I use a dishwasher tablet and it definitely keeps the inner seal smelling clean.” Gina Reid suggested: “Put a dishwasher tablet in the drum on a service wash at 60 degrees. It has kept my machine clean with no smells since.” Kate Sedler commented: “I had the same problem and tried absolutely everything I could think of to remove the awful doors coming from my machine. “In the end I used a dishwasher tablet on a hot wash and it's been fine ever since.” Mia Logan advised: “Adding a dishwasher tablet every month to the drum will do miracles.” Debbie Martin wrote: “I put a dishwasher tablet in with one wash once a week. It stops bacteria and keeps pipes and tubes clean. “I take the drawer out every month and clean underneath as well as the drawer itself to remove softener residue. Seems to keep my machine clean and smelling just fine.” Dishwasher tablets can be picked up for £1 at Wilko, which works out as just over 3p per tablet. Chris Cope said: “Use a dishwasher tablet on a hot wash works a treat.” Vanessa Stevens added: “Dishwasher tablet on 60 degree wash. It should get rid of the issue.”