Mick Schumacher has picked up an unwanted paddock nickname as F1’s ‘crash kid’ after the German suffered another poor weekend in Monaco. His fortunes in the sport so far have been in complete contrast to his father Michael, who earned seven world titles during his glittering career. The 23-year-old Haas star crashed out after losing control of his car at the fast turn 14 in his second big accident this season. He smashed against the barriers, splitting the car in two and bringing out the red flag. It comes just months after Schumacher also destroyed his car during qualifying at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Former F1 star Christian Danner has warned Schumacher runs the risk of losing faith of team boss Guenther Steiner if he can't finish a race weekend without a collision. Speaking to Sport1, he said: “He can keep up in terms of speed, but things can’t go on like this with the incidents. He’s causing millions in damage, and a team like Haas can spend that money more wisely. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher's car snaps in two with nasty crash at Monaco GP MICK SCHUMACHER “He needs to find the solution for himself – no advice would help him. But he has to finish a race without incident. Gunther will be reading the riot act.” His team was forced to pay over £750,000 to repair his car after the high-speed Saudi Arabia qualifying crash back in March. Alongside his two big crashes this season, the Haas star also racked up an impressive repair bill last season. It is estimated he spent around £4million in 2021 as he needed eight new front wings and nine new suspensions. It is likely the team will also have to splash the cash to get the car ready for the Azerbaijan Grand Prix in just under two weeks time. Schumacher's huge accidents this season come after F1 teams are under increasing strain as part of new budget cap regulations. Guenther Steiner hit back at Schumacher after his crash yesterday, claiming it was not okay for the German to keep having big crashes. DON'T MISSMick Schumacher's car on fire as 'every fire marshal' runs to scene [COMMENT]Schumacher wants Vettel chat after pair fume after Miami crash [INSIGHT]Schumacher happy F1 becoming 'more American' despite Miami GP reaction [COMMENT] He said: “With Mick we obviously saw what happened. It’s not very satisfactory having a big crash again. We need to see how we move forward from here.” Schumacher was fine to walk back to the paddock after yesterday’s high-speed crash despite the sickening scene as the rear end came apart from the cockpit. The Haas star explained: “Obviously it’s very annoying. I think in terms of pace we were definitely there, it’s just a matter of keeping it on track, and unfortunately I wasn’t able to do that. The pace felt strong, and it felt like we were able to attack and push. “We just ended up being a little too wide, which is maybe a matter of 10cm at the end, and that was enough to lose all grip that you thought you had. And unfortunately the result is as it happened.”