Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel is set to be granted a huge transfer warchest going into the summer window after months of uncertainty. Todd Boehly has been given the green light to confirm his purchase of the Blues. Chelsea's new owner Boehly is ready to give Tuchel £200million to spend in the summer as he prepares to take over from Roman Abramovich as owner. The lengthy process is drawing to a close after the American was identified as the ideal buyer. Boehly wants to take the Blues to the next level and actually compete with Manchester City and Liverpool for the Premier League next season and will be happy to bankroll a major summer splurge. The two titans pulled ahead of the Londoners midway through the campaign when injuries hit Tuchel's men hard. Adding in anticipated player sales as well as the LA Dodgers' own investment, Chelsea can expect to have around £200m in the bank for incoming signings, report The Telegraph. That will kick in as soon as the deal has been finally formalised, which is imminent. The Premier League have already given the thumbs-up while the UK government and the European Commission are set to rubber stamp a deal worth a total £4.25billion. Tuchel is keen to act as quickly as possible in the market having spent months unable to commit any resources to such. After being sanctioned by the government, there were nervous times at Stamford Bridge where there were fears that the club could even fold as a result. But after Abramovich put Chelsea up for sale, a number of investors got in touch over a potential purchase. While the vetting process went ahead, after around three months the decision was made to allow Boehly's consortium to proceed, which also includes Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss and former government adviser Danny Finkelstein. All attention will be quickly turned to the transfer market where immediate surgery is required. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen are set to leave at the end of their contracts this summer while Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso are also expected to depart. Several defenders have been linked while Sevilla star Jules Kounde and RB Leipzig ace Josko Gvardiol are the priorities while former Chelsea chief executive Peter Kenyon has admitted that his old club are up against the clock. "Today's announcement will be complete relief that [Chelsea] can get on with business as usual and do what is needed to ensure the team is best prepared for next season," said Kenyon. "We've got a very short transfer window and plans will have been made before. "They have already lost some players through not being able to re-sign them so I think everybody - the squad and the management - will be relieved they can get on with the job they're employed to do."