Following Avengers Endgame, Iron Man is dead and Captain America has gone back in time. Meanwhile, Thor is the only member of the original main trio to get a fourth solo movie. Or does he? The new trailer for Thor: Love and Thunder sees Chris Hemsworth’s Asgardian trying to find himself as Natalie Portman’s Jane Foster suddenly shows up wielding a reassembled Mjölnir and assuming the mantle, The Mighty Thor. Marvel fans have speculated this could well be a big goodbye for Hemsworth’s Thor as Portman’s female counterpart takes his place in the Avengers. Looking at the new trailer, there seems to be evidence that the Asgardian god may well kick the bucket. The footage opens with Korg telling a story to alien children at a fireside that's almost like a legend, of events that have already transpired. Director Taika Waititi’s character starts off by saying: “Let me tell you the story of the Space Viking, Thor Odinson. He was no ordinary man. He was a god.” Notice that this is in the past tense. Thor “was”. Doesn’t that imply that he’s no longer living and this scene with Korg takes place after the events of Love and Thunder? Marvel fans spotted this and shared the popular new theory on Twitter, with one saying: “Anyone else worried Korg is referring to Thor in the past tense here?” Another commented: “Why no one thought of this— like why tf did Korg tell the children Thor's biography, I mean— did he sacrifice himself and d-[?]" And even one asked whether the scene of the Asgardian meditating is him in Valhalla having perished. Considering the sacrifices Iron Man and Captain America endured, it would be fitting for Thor: Love and Thunder to be Hemsworth’s Marvel swansong. And what better way to say farewell by having to die fighting Christian Bale’s Gorr the God Butcher, to save Jane and the others? His ex could then let his legacy live on as The Mighty Thor in future MCU outings. Of course, given the multiverse, it’s always possible for Hemsworth to come back as a variant in the future. However, right now it’s probably time for his character to bow out from the franchise after four Avengers movies and four solo outings. Additionally, if Thor dies and goes to Vahalla, technically he's just in another realm and could return one day. After all, Moon Knight established that after you die, you go to the afterlife of your religion. In the MCU, the Egyptian gods are just as real as the Norse and Greek ones. Similarly Russell Crowe has been introduced as Zeus, bringing in the Olympian pantheon to the franchise. So far all that we know of Thor: Love and Thunder’s plot is that it follows the Asgardian after he left earth at the end of Avengers Endgame with the Guardians of the Galaxy. Despite getting ready to retire to find out who he really is, the Marvel hero is suddenly faced with stopping Gorr the God Butcher whose mission is to, well, kill all the gods. So Thor teams up with Valkyrie, Korg and Jane’s Mighty Thor to stop him. Thor: Love and Thunder hits cinemas on July 8, 2022.