Arsenal forward Gabriel Martinelli has been handed Lucas Torreira's No 11 shirt in anticipation that the Uruguayan international will leave the club this summer. The Gunners have confirmed the Brazilian will be switching from his current No 35 jersey ahead of the 2022/23 season. Yet Torreira has sparked questions around his future, by jokingly asking what number he will wear when he returns to north London. The combative midfielder wrote on Arsenal's Instagram page: "What number will I wear next year? Good luck amigo @gabimartinelli. I love you." Torreira is currently in line to return to north London at the end of the season but that is unlikely to happen due to his performances in Serie A this season. Fiorentina would love to keep him and can sign the Uruguayan for £12.7million due to an option to buy included in the initial loan agreement. READ MORE: Gabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football However, Express Sport understands the Viola are keen to negotiate a lower figure due to their financial struggles. Talks between the clubs were held in March over the prospect of reducing the price but Arsenal are keen to protect the clause's value given Torreira's form this season. He's won an impressive three Fiorentina Player of the Month awards in 2022 with his current side, who would love to make the move permanent at the right price. Arsenal feel Torreira won't be short of other suitors if Fiorentina eventually decide they cannot finance the deal, which is why they're reluctant to drop the price. DON'T MISSArsenal defeat to Newcastle creates complications with leading transfer targetsNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football Offloading fringe players could hold the key to a substantial summer transfer budget this summer for the Gunners. There seems to be no way back for Torreira at Arsenal after he was left in the cold at the beginning of the season. He spent last season on loan at Atletico Madrid, where he won the La Liga title before returning to the Emirates Stadium. But it soon became clear that Mikel Arteta was not prepared to count on him - despite previously praising Torreira. Arsenal will be looking to sign at least one central midfielder this summer - possibly two. Mohamed Elneny is now in contract talks with the club over an extension. The Egyptian has turned his fortunes around in the past month following a string of impressive displays against Chelsea and Manchester United. His unlikely revival could yet offer Torreira hope of turning things around with the Gunners if Fiorentina do not trigger their option to buy - which is still considered highly likely.