The Duchess of Sussex has been on frosty terms with the Royal Family since leaving full time duties in March 2020 with Prince Harry. However despite multiple interviews speaking out against The Firm, the Sussex royals will be in the UK for Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee. However, royal author Howard Hodgson has claimed the Jubilee will not mark a significant improvement in relations between the Royals. He said: “I don’t think Meghan wants it to be repaired, because if it was repaired, that might get Harry wanting to come back and play his role. “In a way, Prince Charles doesn’t want any focus going in that direction, he wants a straight-line focus on him, William, George.” Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said the Queen will “go out of her way” to welcome Meghan and Harry back into the fold with some “special gestures”. Speaking to the Sun, he said: “There’s this rift with the Sussexes and it’s been really damaging. “My own feeling is the Queen will go out of her way to be as generous a host as she possibly can. “Nobody wants a repeat of what happened at the rather extraordinary Commonwealth Day, with the Cambridges and Sussexes actually looking hostile to each other. “Anything like that is not going to happen now... I wouldn’t be surprised if there are special gestures to make them feel welcome.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Over-possessive' Fears erupt over Meghan's actions Mr Hodgson also told the outlet that while tensions could persist throughout the weekend, Harry and Meghan won’t let it show. He said: “They know their job is to be the Royal Family. “Royal families, when they are behind those big gates and those big gates are closed, they argue, they row. “From that point of view, there may be quite a lot of nasty words said, but that won’t happen in public.” A source close to the Queen told the MailOnline the monarch wants the bank holiday weekend to be “an occasion in which the country, including her own family, comes together”. Harry and Meghan will attend the national Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday. It is understood the Sussexes are likely to attend at least one other public engagement. Meghan and Harry are also expected to take part in Trooping the Colour, where Hello! Magazine suggested the most likely participation would see the Sussexes ride in a carriage during the procession that departs from the palace and travels along the Mall to Horse Guards Parade and back again. An insider stressed to the MailOnline however: “Her Majesty is typically very keen that the Platinum Jubilee be a celebration not of herself and her own longevity, but of the institution of the monarchy and the people that support and sustain it. “It is also a chance for people to come together after a very difficult period for this country. “She doesn't want anything to overshadow it – and that includes any family issues.”