Mariupol has been a constant witness to Russian bombardment since the beginning of the war and has been reduced to rubble. The last Ukrainian fighters began leaving the city this week.  Grozny, Chechnya’s capital, suffered a similar fate when it was declared as the world’s most destroyed city after Kremlin forces pummelled it into oblivion during the Chechen war. It was later rebuilt with glitzy glass skyscrapers and neat public gardens under the tyrannical rule of Ramzan Kadyrov. The 45-year-old Chechen leader said that a new Quisling government in Mariupol, “learning from our experience”, could benefit from the same treatment. It was at an educational event on Wednesday when Kadyrov suggested a new collaborative government could benefit from offering their unwavering support to Putin.   He said: “Our practice of quickly and efficiently restoring a comfortable and beautiful urban environment will provide significant support to local authorities.” Britain’s Ministry of Defence said the Chechen leader’s presence in Mariupol was down to “significant resourcing problems” for Russia. The MoD said: “In attempting to overcome Ukrainian resistance, Russia has made significant use of auxiliary personnel. “This includes a deployment of Chechen forces, likely consisting of several thousand fighters primarily concentrated in the Mariupol and Luhansk sectors.” READ MORE: Parents panic after boy stabbed knifed at school gates  It added: “Kadyrov likely maintains close personal oversight of the deployment, while his cousin Adam Delimkhanov has likely acted as the Chechen field commander in Mariupol. “The combat deployment of such disparate personnel demonstrates Russia’s significant resourcing problems in Ukraine and is likely contributing to a disunited command which continues to hamper Russia’s operations.” Mariupol is expected to fall under complete Russian control in the coming days as the last Ukrainian fighters holed in the Azovstal plant refuse to surrender. Russia’s defence ministry on Wednesday posted videos of what it said were Ukrainian fighters receiving hospital treatment after surrendering. DON'T MISS:GB news: 'Annoyed' ex-Labour MP slams post-Brexit trade Boris warned of cost of living tariff cutsSweden building military defences