People are making difficult choices to make ends meet, but the Government is missing in action. Distracted by police fines and their internal fights. Pensioners are among those feeling the brunt of the cost of living crisis. Over-65s are being hit harder by rising energy costs – with a greater number of retirees living in homes that have poorer insulation. This means pensioners are often paying double to heat their home compared to under-30s. Working pensioners – who have been the backbone of our country for generations – are being asked to bear the highest tax burden in 70 years. Awful crimes are going unpunished in our communities. Anti-social behaviour is rife and fraud has rocketed by 41 percent. Many don’t feel safe in their own home. Total crime is up by nearly a fifth in the last two years. At the same time, the number of suspected criminals being charged is at the lowest rate on record. Criminals are being let off and victims are being let down. Of course the Labour view is that the Government is letting the country down. But you don’t have to go too far to see or hear it for yourself. Only this week, the Prime Minister was asked on Good Morning Britain about Elsie – a 77-year-widow who rides the bus all day to stay warm, because she can’t afford to hear her home. Like the rest of the country, I was dismayed at hearing this story. Elsie deserves better. And Britain deserves better. Labour has a plan to put money back in your pocket and to make our communities safer. Labour has a fair and funded plan to save up to £600 off household energy bills – and this would mean instant support for most pensioners. We would do this by introducing a one-off windfall tax on oil and gas firms, who are making billions in profit. We will insulate every home that needs it, saving households £400 every year and we’ll build the UK’s energy security and keep costs down long-term. And we wouldn’t go ahead with the unfair national insurance rise. But it’s not just financial security that people are worried about, as anti-social behaviour takes hold in our towns and cities, it’s their own security when walking on our streets. That’s why Labour would restore faith in the justice system. We will restore neighbourhood policing, setting up new Neighbourhood Police Hubs in all local areas backed - routinely patrolling town centres and other areas to tackle the issues that blight our areas. Fraud is now the most recorded crime in the country, but one Minister recently played it down as something that the public doesn’t “experience in their day-to-day lives”. Meanwhile, one 88-year-old woman revealed this week that she was scammed out of £88,000 – despite ‘scrimping’ for 50 years. Labour will put victims first. We will enshrine victims’ rights in law, including the right for victims to make a personal statement to be read out in court, the right for access to special measures in court, and the right to regular updates on cases as they move forward. Under the Conservatives, too many criminals have had it too easy for too long.   Politics is about choices. Whether to tax oil and gas producers to put more money in your pocket. Or to let their profits soar and tax you more. Whether to restore respect back into our politics. Or to continue down a path telling the country that there is no help for the cost of living crisis. Whether to put police back on the street. Or let criminals continue getting away with it. Boris Johnson’s Conservatives have made their choices. But this coming Thursday pensioners and families across Britain also have a choice. Use your vote this Thursday to send a message to the Tories that they cannot ignore. Vote for the party that is on your side. Vote Labour tomorrow in the local elections.  Keir Starmer, Leader of the Labour Party 