On Saturday, Charlene, 44, and her husband Prince Albert, 64, were joined by their seven-year-old twins Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella for a public outing as a family. The Monegasque royals have been rarely pictured together since Charlene spent 10 months in South Africa recovering from a severe ear, nose and throat (ENT) infection. The illness left the Zimbabwean-born Princess hospitalised and meant her return to Monaco to be reunited with her family was delayed. After returning to the principality last November, the mother-of-two left a short while later as she was admitted to a European treatment facility with “emotional and physical exhaustion”. Prince Albert revealed that she had been admitted to a “treatment facility” after it became “evident she was unwell” within hours of her return to Monaco. This weekend marked a return to the spotlight for the family though as they were pictured attending Monaco's E-Prix yesterday. Body language expert Judi James analysed the appearance of Charlene, a former Olympic swimmer, and her husband at the event. She claims the couple were keeping their distance from one another, and that Charlene's “pensive” expression made her look “isolated” from the rest of her family whom all appeared upbeat. Judi said: “Charlene’s lack of mirroring makes her look emotionally isolated here, with her very sad-looking eye expression and her reflective or pensive gaze.” Ms James claims this “pensive” expression made the Princess "look distanced from her more animated family, despite the fact that she is standing with them and even cuddling her small daughter". Snaps from the event show Albert holding hands with Jacques, who stands on his right. While Charlene is pictured standing behind Gabriella, with her hand - featuring her wedding and engagement ring - on her daughter's chest. READ MORE: Prince Charles vows to protect historic trees to mark mother's Jubilee This stance, Judi claims, suggests that Charlene wanted to ensure her daughter felt “safe and loved”. However, Ms James also points out that this move creates “an emphatic focus on her wedding and engagement rings to emphasis her role as a loving wife.” The body language expert, though, also claims there was very little interaction between Albert and his wife. She told FEMAIL that “there are no signs of her using any eye-engage techniques with either her husband or the public.” Ms James claimed the Monaco princess's appearance differed greatly from her husband's demeanour. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan's waning US appeal 'threat to TV deals' [INSIGHT] William & Harry 'need just one moment' to end feud [REVEAL] Queen appearance on balcony for Jubilee ‘not guaranteed’ [REPORT] She said: “Albert seems to try to look upbeat, waving to the crown palm-out and performing a social smile but neither the wave nor the smile is mimicked by Charlene.” At the sixth round of the 2022 Formula E championship, the Monegasque royals watched the race, and were also present on the podium. From here, Albert and Jacques presented race winner Stoffel Vandoorne with a trophy. Charlene also presented a trophy and shook hands with the top three drivers. For the occasion, she sported a grey power suit with a double-breasted jacket and flared trousers. Albert donned a navy suit, while Jacques wore a grey suit with shorts and Gabriella had a navy blouse over a white dress. Saturday’s event marked the first time the Monaco royals have been seen in public together as a family since Charlene returned to the principality following her treatment. The family were pictured as a four-person unit in a snap shared on Instagram over Easter. The photograph showed Charlene cuddling Gabriella, while Jacques sat next to her. Albert was shown putting his hands on Jacques' and Charlene's shoulders. The image was shared with the simple caption “Happy Easter” alongside a red heart emoji.