Mr Johnson keenly understands that people across the country abandoned Labour for the Conservatives because they long to see their communities revived. Fear of crime stops people going out after dark and antisocial behaviour frightens the innocent and makes daily life an ordeal. The Government will be in trouble by the next election if daily conversations are filled with accounts of burglaries, drug deals muggings and fraud. Mr Johnson has also, rightly, demanded an increase in convictions for rape following a surge in sex offences. A breakthrough is needed so victims of this heinous crime can be assured predators will be locked behind bars. The forces of justice must be empowered to liberate our communities from those who would do us harm. Storm we must weather Not even a heatwave can stop the prospect of rising prices in the months ahead, chilling spines across the nation. Pay rises are not keeping pace with inflation, which is now expected to hit an eye-watering 9 percent. It is a mercy that the jobless rate has fallen to its lowest level in nearly half a century but it is clear that life will get tougher for many of us in the near future. Ministers can and should do everything they can to stop families being pushed into true hardship but there is no lever the Government can crank to bring this crisis to an instant end. Chancellor Rishi Sunak told the truth when he said: “There is no measure any Government can take, no law we can pass, that can make these global forces disappear overnight.” Britain is hungry for a return to prosperity, but the legacy of Covid and a host of other factors including Russia’s invasion of Ukraine have unleashed a terrible storm. Families will do their best to protect their finances, budget and help their loved ones but decision-makers must use every tool they have to prevent a disaster. Long to beam over us At the age of 96, the Queen remains the country’s brightest blast of sunshine. Her surprise appearance at the opening of London’s new Elizabeth Line brought joy to everyone who saw her – and her vibrant yellow outfit dazzled. It is splendid she was there for the completion of the £18.9billion Crossrail project and generations of travellers will think of the marvellous monarch every time they board a train on this line, which will honour her life.