Lovestruck High will see a group of UK singletons transported to an American high school in the hope of finding "the one" to take to prom at the end of the series. Whichever couple is crowned King and Queen will win a whopping £100,000 so there's plenty up for grabs in the Amazon Prime Video series. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Lovestruck High. To oversee proceedings, commenting on all of the gossip and drama within the walls of Lovestruck High will be actress Lindsay Lohan. Famed for her teen movie roles in Mean Girls, Freaky Friday and Confessions of a Teen Drama Queen, these make Lohan the perfect choice for this all-American dating show. Most recently, Lohan starred in the dark comedy Sick Note as Katerina West on Sky One. In terms of what the 35-year-old actress has got coming up, she will be playing Det. Mary Branigan in new horror movie Cursed. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle Attempting to keep the singletons in line at Lovestruck High will be Principal Nelson. While they will be attempting to find the love of their lives on the show, if anyone puts a foot wrong, they could be at risk of being expelled. Principal Nelson is played by actress, comedian and writer Ria Lina who has made various TV appearances over the years. Some of which include Yesterday, Today and The Day Before, Steph's Packed Lunch, Mock the Week and Have I Got News For You. One of the challenges the Lovestruck High cast have to partake in will be on the sports field where their physical abilities will be put to the test. Ensuring they stay on track will be Coach Hughes, portrayed by stand-up comedian Russell Hicks. According to his website: "From the moment he steps on stage crowds are hooked by his [Hicks'] infectiously rebellious personality and unapologetic style as he delivers entirely original comedy content right there in front of your eyes. "Indisputably talented, there’s no comic quite like Russell Hicks." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle [CAST]Bosch Legacy: Who is newcomer Reina Vasquez? [EXPLAINER]The Contractor review: No surprise it all goes dramatically wrong [REVIEW] Rounding off the staff in Lovestruck High is Miss Kelly, who will be taking charge in the classroom. She is played by American actress Chloe Zeitounian who has had various minor parts on the small screen over the years. These include Quantico, Murder Decoded, Vengeance: Killer Lovers and Bill Cosby: An American Scandal. Following Lovestruck High, Zeitounian will be starring in the short Almost True. Here are the Lovestruck High classmates of 2022: Adam, 30, a car salesman from Norwich Alex, 27, an accountant from Coventry Basit, 27, a model and musician from London Chante, 24, a GP secretary from London Charlie, 29, a property manager from Surrey Dan, 23, a factory worker from Bridgend Geoff, 24, an events trader from Sandy Huss, 28, a postman from London Jess, 24, a fashion creative from London Jodie, 28, a salon owner from Bolton Junaid, 26, a social media influencer from Essex KT, 21, a content creator from Milton Keynes Max, 23, a personal trailer from Brentwood Megan, 24, a professional dancer from Cambridge Sin, 24, a security officer from Northolt Theo, 21, a model agent from Bristol Yasmine, 25, a model from London Lovestruck High premieres on Wednesday, May 18, on Amazon Prime Video.