  Brooklyn Beckham, 23, and Nicola Peltz, 27, are reportedly planning to find a permanent home in the UK. Brooklyn’s mum Victoria Beckham, 48, is apparently keen for the move, as she “can’t bear” to be so far away from her eldest son.      Brooklyn is said to be ready to move across the pond with his new wife Nicola in order to be closer to his family. The pair got married last month in a decadent Palm Beach wedding, and now, the newlyweds are making plans for the future. Brooklyn and Nicola have spent much of their relationship in the US, but now it seems they want to change things up and find a home in the UK. Nicola’s family won’t have to worry about missing her too much though, as the pair are reportedly planning on dividing their time between the two countries. READ MORE: Jon Kay announces 'new arrival' after Carol Kirkwood's engagement news     Brooklyn’s fashion designer mum Victoria is delighted to hear her son is returning home and that the couple are putting plans in place for their future children, according to reports. “Brooklyn and Nicola are hoping to get a place over here and Victoria’s keen for them to be together more as a family because they’re so split up,” an inside source claimed. “She can’t bear being so far away,” they added. Brooklyn is the first of the Beckham children to get married and completely fly the next.      Victoria and her legendary ex-footballer husband David Beckham attended their eldest child’s Florida nuptials last month with a host of other high-profile celebrities. The pair also share sons Romeo, 19, Cruz, 17 and daughter Harper, 10. “The next chapter after the wedding is for them to hopefully start a family and Victoria wants to be a hands-on grandmother. “Family will always come first for Victoria.” READ MORE... Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement [NEWS] Amal Clooney, 44, wows in floral gown at Prince's Trust Awards [PICTURE] James Jordan's wife Ola addresses 'difficult' family farewell [INSIGHT]      “They probably wouldn’t want to live here full-time, but if they have babies they do want them to grow up over here,” the source told OK! Magazine. Express.co.uk have contacted Brooklyn, Nicola and Victoria’s representatives for further comment. The Beckham family’s UK representative declined to comment when contacted. Brooklyn and Nicola tied the knot last month in a ceremony that cost millions. Brooklyn’s parents are football star David and former Spice Girls icon Victoria, while Nicola is the daughter of American billionaire Nelson Peltz.      Nicola and Brooklyn began dating in 2019, with Brooklyn popping the question to the glamorous model less than a year later. Nicola is also an actress, and has starred in roles both on the big and small screen. She made her acting debut in 2006 Christmas film Deck the Halls, but is most well known for her roles in TV series Bates Motel (2013 to 2015) and the 2014 film Transformers: Age of Extinction. Like Brooklyn, Nicola comes from a big family, with one sister, three brothers and three half-brothers.   