The Yorkshire Vet fans were thrilled to see Julian Norton and Peter Wright make a return for the new Channel 5 series. The duo, who have been a staple on the show since it began in 2015, are used to having the cameras following them around as they carry out their day-to-day jobs. However, in the last series, viewers were introduced to three new faces, who were not familiar with being in the limelight. Veterinarians Shona Searson, David Melleney and Matt Smith are all relatively new faces to the programme and throughout the current series, the trio have been appearing more. During Tuesday night's instalment, viewers will watch as Matt attempts to save the life of a sheep called Star. The vet will use a revolutionary procedure to fit a prosthetic limb on Star, making it one of the first in the UK. READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate The episode will see Matt, who works from Donaldson’s Vets, called out to tend to Star who was born with a deformed back leg. The vet hopes to give the sheep, who belongs to Jake Ratcliffe’s animal sanctuary in Huddersfield, a new lease of life. Speaking about the life-saving operation, Jake explained: "It’s very unusual to fit a prosthetic limb on a sheep in the UK but in America, it’s more common and we are speaking to people in America where the limb will be made." Matt admitted: "This is a first for me it’s the first time I’ve done this on a sheep but I’ve got a plan." Without the life-saving limb, Matt believes Star would not survive long term. In order to prepare the lamb for the new limb, the TV personality has to carry out a procedure and then cast the new limb. Viewers will get to see the sheep with its new limb being fitted and Star enjoying life with her bionic limb. Elsewhere on the programme, a hero dog named Teddy goes under the knife with vet Julian. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald opens up on unexpected living arrangements [VIDEO]Silent Witness sparks frenzy as fans spot Vera star  [REACTION]Brenda Blethyn hits back at criticism of Vera’s appearance [NSIGHT] Teddy, who is owned by Kerry Bonner from a Stockton on Tees, saved his owner's life when her artificial heart valve stopped working and she went into cardiac arrest. Teddy leapt into action and kept pawing at her chest to alert her to the problem. Speaking about her beloved pet, Kerry said: "He literally saved my life and I’m hoping he’s going to be okay." Despite his heroics, poor Teddy has to undergo surgery because one of his testicles has descended.  Matt may not be used to the limelight, but in a previous interview with Express.co.uk, he admitted he struggles to watch himself on TV. "I certainly watched it through the last year or two when I was at university, and we watched it in the student house," the vet explained. "We watch it now but that is a stranger thing because the filming sort of happens and you don't really think about it and then suddenly, it comes out. "There are times where you cringe as you get used to it." The Yorkshire Vet is on tonight at 8pm on Channel 5.