Good Morning Britain presenter Richard Madeley tore into the Environment Secretary on Wednesday's instalment of the ITV news programme ahead of Sue Gray's long-awaited Partygate report being published. Madeley told Eustice the Prime Minister telling Parliament that coronavirus rules were followed at the times during the Downing Street event "looks like nothing other than lie". A clip was aired of Boris Johnson telling his fellow MPs in Parliament "guidance was followed and the rules were followed at all times".Madeley tried to hold the minister to account saying: "[Johnson] was there and he had a drink, so for him to say there was no party and the rules were followed when the police have already issued a fine, at least one fine for that particular event, it looks like nothing other than a lie."Eustice defended the Prime Minister and said the police have not issued a fine to the nation's leader in respect of the event in question.However, Madeley interjected: "I know that - that's a given, can you just respond to the question?" READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon Susanna Reid clarified to ITV viewers a fine was issued for that event to the minister. Eustice said: "We understand that and obviously the police have looked at all of the evidence, they have taken witness statements, they have spoken to everyone who is there. "Look, they are better to judge who was there and when rules were broken." Madeley had to cut the minister off as he was not satisfied with his response to his question.  The broadcaster stated: "There was a party, it was an illegal party, the police have decided it was illegal. "Even if it wasn't illegal, it was still a party, it's crystal clear as we have all seen the pictures, and who knows what the Sue Gray report is going to tell us about it in a couple of hours. "What I am asking is when your leader said there was no party and no rules were broken it looks to most people like it was a lie." Eustice continued to back Johnson, telling GMB viewers he did not accept Madeley's comment. DON'T MISS...'Move on!' GMB fans 'switch off' over Eustice partygate probe [LATEST]Brave mum 'will never mentally recover' after son fell into drain [INTERVIEW]Richard Madeley fumes at RMT boss over 'socially irresponsible' strike [DEBATE] Gray's report is due to be published later on Wednesday and it is understood the senior civil servant will name officials who attended gatherings when coronavirus restrictions were in place. She published a report in January which condemned "failures of leadership" in Downing Street but the full version was delayed due to a Metropolitan Police inquiry. The force has completed its investigation which led to 126 fines being issued to officials, including the Prime Minister and Chancellor Rishi Sunak. However, new photographs of Johnson seen drinking at different events have raised questions about why he was not slapped with more fines.  Viewers were divided over Madeley's interview with Eustice, with Carli McConnell tweeting: "I feel for all these politicians that come on this program and just get bombarded with questions about Boris’s actions! They cannot answer for him." (sic) @JamesAgar added: "Time to move on, it's like #GMB has nothing else to talk about! What about Yemen, What about Immigration even the cost of living?" @Andybyr52815753 said: "Caught red-handed and still can’t own up…incredible!" Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV. 