The Kardashians sees the famous family making a comeback to the small screen after their original reality show Keeping Up with the Kardashians came to an end in 2021 after two decades. Hulu and Disney+ subscribers were thrilled to know the likes of Kim, Kourtney, Khloe, Kendall, Kylie and Kris would be returning to document their lives on these platforms. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about watching this first season of The Kardashians. The Kardashians premiered with its first episode on Thursday, April 14, on Hulu and Disney+. A new instalment is coming out every week on the streaming services with fans excited to watch what drama the family gets wrapped up in next. In total, The Kardashians season one is made up of just 10 episodes. This is far less than its previous series Keeping Up with the Kardashians which could have anywhere between six and 21 instalments. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan Nevertheless, viewers have been hooked to the show since last month with its weekly updates. Season one has gone beyond its midway point with episode six coming out on Thursday, May 19. The grand finale is now in sight with episode 10's release date revealed as Thursday, June 16. If the last episode is anything like the rest of the season, it's bound to be a gripping watch. The Kardashians has so far focused on Kourtney's engagement to Blink-182 drummer Travis Barker. They became engaged in October and recently went to the iconic wedding chapel in Las Vegas to tie the knot but it wasn't made official as they hadn't obtained a wedding license. Nevertheless, the couple has since legally got married at an intimate ceremony, with them sharing beautiful black and white photos on their respective Instagram pages. Along with the line-up of pictures, Kourtney wrote "Till Death Do Us Part". DON'T MISS...Sally Dexter partner: Is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star married? [RELATIONSHIP]Star Wars' Harrison Ford brutally shot down Oscar Isaac's question [CAST]Grown-ish season 5: Will there be a Grown-ish season 5? [EXPLAINER] The Kardashians sees beauty mogul Kylie Jenner pregnant with her second child with rapper Travis Scott. They already share three-year-old daughter Stormi together and welcomed their newborn son back in March. She originally announced on Instagram that they named him Wolf but later put up another story stating that they had changed it. Kylie wrote: "FYI our son's name isn't Wolf anymore. "We just really didn't feel like it was him. Just wanted to share because I keep seeing Wolf everywhere." As of yet, it isn't clear what his name is but fans are predicting that it could be Scott's real first name Jacques. Then, of course, there is the ongoing divorce of Kim and Kanye West which has caught the world's attention. The power couple were married for almost seven years but it looks like the pair have moved on. Kim is currently dating comedian Pete Davidson and West is seeing model Chaney Jones. The Kardashians is available to watch on Hulu in America and on Disney+ in the UK.