Branded a 'Karen', one dog walker claims the woman spent hours waiting outside her gate before confronting her as she walked her two terriers with her sister. The 'Karen' claimed to have witnessed the woman leave her dog's waste outside her house.  She went on to call the owner 'lazy' for not picking it up, reports The Mirror. Taking to Reddit, the dog walker wrote: "We were walking normally past some houses and this old lady was waiting for us at her gate. She stops us and asks if we usually take a walk around there because she hasn't seen us before. My sister said 'we live quite nearby'. "Then she asks if it's our dog's poop that's on her garden. It was outside her gate and in a place where she would honestly never walk so I didn't understand why it was such a big deal. "She also said something like 'I don't know how lazy your generation is, but everyone in my age knows how to control their dogs better'. We kindly answered 'Nope, that is not ours. We always clean up after our dogs, especially near houses', as we do."  While giving them a "suspicious look", the woman said she will bag up the waste and take it to the police station for DNA testing. "She says that she will find out if it's ours. She said she will take it to the police to figure out whose dog it was," she added. "We just said 'Okay, good luck,' and left. But she continued to yell something about dog owners being rude and lazy." Claiming she is now too scared to walk her dogs near the woman's house in case she is confronted again, the young woman sympathised with the 'Karen' but condemned her for making incorrect accusations. She added: "I get she wants to keep her grass clean but in that case, she could just clean it up instead of stopping random dog owners she sees. Plus the poo was clearly from a bigger dog than our tiny terriers. Our dogs would have died if they had pushed that out. "I also saw the Karen looking at us from her window another time when I was walking my dogs. Now I'm scared to walk by if my dogs need to do their business near her house." While most users sympathised with the young woman, others spoke about their own encounters with a 'Karen' when walking their dogs. According to Urban Dictionary, a 'Karen' is defined as "An obnoxious, angry, self-entitled, and often racist middle-aged white woman who uses her white advantage to call the police to report fake emergencies, or to report on other people's behaviour because she doesn't like it." One user said: "How delusional. We had a lady stop us when we were walking by asking if we could please not walk on the path in front of her house because it might wake up her sleeping baby. At no point did our dog ever bark and never has when walking by her house. "I mean, yes it sucks for a baby to wake up I've been there I remember but I’m not going to go out and tell a damn stranger what to do when they’re not even walking on my property." Another user added: "Don't be scared to walk your dogs near her house. If they do their business on her lawn, just make it very obvious that you’re cleaning up after them. "She won’t have a leg to stand on in her complaints then. Good luck dealing with her!"