The Queen, whose attendance at the Royal Horticultural Society event was confirmed last minute, will be travelling around the site's 10 gardens in the buggy. This comes after the monarch mentioned her issues with mobility back in February during a Windsor Castle engagement, and has increasingly used a walking aid during official appearances. A Palace spokesperson said: "Adjustments have been made for the Queen's comfort."  Joe Little, of Majesty Magazine, called the use of a buggy an "extremely practical arrangement that will allow the Queen to take part in as many engagements as she is able to do". She previously used a buggy back in 2013, when she attended the Coronation Festival at Buckingham Palace. The Queen, 96, is a patron of the Royal Horticultural Society, and has attended the Chelsea Flower Show over 50 times during her record-breaking reign. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, along with Princess Beatrice, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent, Prince and Princess Michael of Kent, plus Princess Alexandra, had already confirmed their attendance. In honour of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, the RHS Chelsea Flower Show boasts a custom display using the Queen's favourite flower. Florist Simon Lycett used Lily of the Valley in the design, saying ahead of the confirmation of the Queen's attendance that it would be "utterly overwhelming and magical” for the monarch to see the display in person. He added to the Telegraph: "It would be totally special, and a delicious cherry on top of what is already a rather gorgeous cake." The director-general of the Royal Horticultural Society called the Queen "the most special person" to the organisation. READ MORE: ‘Not in a month of Sundays’ will readers watch Sussex's Netflix show Sue Biggs described the opulent tributes to Her Majesty's reign "everywhere you go" throughout. She told the BBC on Monday: "There is a whole display of different signatures. "So we had a signature, which is a painting just for one member of the Royal Family, of their favourite flowers, and so we have that at the show today. "And the Queen is the only queen in history who has had three signatures painted. DON'T MISS: Inside Meghan and Harry's £11m mansion - like 'a European style villa' [REVEAL] Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William 'nightmare' for Harry and Meghan [LIVE] Queen tipped to make SECOND Jubilee balcony appearance [INSIGHT] "So we hope she's going to be well enough to be able to come and see us today, and we look forward to seeing her and showing her the signature later on this afternoon, which will be great." Ms Biggs added: "But you can't walk through this show – whether you're at the amazing 39 gardens or at the 80 exhibits in the Great Pavilion – of seeing everybody's love for the Queen and tribute to the Queen on this very, very special occasion." There had been question marks over the Queen's appearance at the Chelsea Flower Show after she missed the State Opening of Parliament earlier this month. However, just three days later, the Queen looked in high spirits as she attended the Royal Windsor Horse Show.  Hosted on the grounds of Windsor, the theatrical and equine-themed extravaganza was the first televised event to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Her Majesty then made a surprise visit to London's Paddington Station to officially open the new Elizabeth Line. She was given her very own Oyster card, used to access Transport for London services, ahead of the line's official opening on Tuesday. It has not yet been confirmed which events of the extended bank holiday weekend for the Platinum Jubilee that the Queen will attend.