The Prince of Wales, 73, delivered for the first time in his life the Queen's Speech at the Houses of Parliament. Charles stepped in for his mother as she continues to experience mobility issues. Britain tuned in to watch the State Opening of Parliament today (Tuesday), with one royal fan stating the future was being unfolded "in real time". Royal watcher @CountessCommon1 tweeted: "#PrinceCharles representing the Queen at the State Opening of Parliament is watching the future unfold in real time. "Let’s hope Her Majesty is resting comfortably." A few royal fans replied to this tweet, suggesting they were "not ready" to see the Queen's reign coming to an end. @LucyPip20032481 wrote: "I’m not ready for this". In a reply to this user, @LindaAn95314683 said: "Don't you'll start me off". Agreeing with the other Twitter users, @LindaLo44664108 added: "Or me". While some expressed their sadness not to be able to see the Queen fulfil this key constitutional duty, others praised the Prince of Wales for stepping in for the monarch last minute and carrying out the role impeccably. READ MORE: Meghan Markle faces new attack in fresh biography 'Trampled on all' @SallyPrice4 wrote: "The way Prince Charles delivered that speech will be remembered forever. He did well! " Similarly, @Nyrs_Emma said: "I thought Prince Charles did well. It must have been quite a big responsibility to take on and a strange step to take." And @nSisterJessCAH wrote: "I think Prince Charles did a good job. And it was lovely to see Prince William there too." @FairyQueane commented not just on Charles's performance but also on the outfit donned by Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. They wrote: "Great pitch of voice, not so much whining, growing into role. Wowed by Camilla's outfit." Finally, royal commentator Christopher Wilson took to Twitter to share a picture showing Prince William and Camilla listening to Charles's address. He commented on it saying: "And so we see a vision of the future - reassuring, calm, dignified and apt. We wish him well when his time comes". Buckingham Palace announced yesterday evening the Queen would not attend the State Opening of Parliament as she continues to experience "episodic mobility problems". After saying the monarch had "reluctantly" decided to follow her doctors' advice and not attend the event, the statement added: "At Her Majesty's request, and with the agreement of the relevant authorities, The Prince of Wales will read The Queen's Speech on Her Majesty's behalf, with The Duke of Cambridge also in attendance." Prince Charles delivered the speech, written by the Government to set out the programme of legislation it intends to pursue over the next parliamentary session, as one of her Counsellors of State. As two Counsellors must step in for the sovereign whenever she can't carry out a constitutional duty, Prince William was also in attendance. In order to have Prince Charles read the Queen's Speech on her behalf, the sovereign had to sign a new letters patent for the first time since 2015, when she was in Malta. Palace sources stressed the monarch is still healthy enough to be working behind her residence's walls. The Queen, they said, has a "busy diary" this week which include a call with Australia, a Privy Council meeting and an audience with the UK Prime Minister.