Liverpool midfielder Thiago Alcantara produced a moment of brilliance to assist Sadio Mane's leveller against Wolves at Anfield on the final day of the Premier League season. Commentator Peter Drury labelled his pass 'illegal' as the Reds took a huge step towards a 20th top-flight title. Liverpool have to beat Wolves and hope Aston Villa force Manchester City to drop points at the Etihad Stadium if they are to lift the third trophy of a potential quadruple this season. And while Jurgen Klopp's side went into half-time at 1-1, Man City trail 1-0 at the break. Anfield was stunned into silence just three minutes in as Raul Jimenez found Pedro Neto across the box, and the Portuguese winger fired past Alisson. However, the hosts' endless stream of quality showed on 24 minutes as Thiago assisted Mane with an outrageous backheel pass. After receiving the ball from Ibrahima Konate, the Spanish midfielder produced a defence-splitting past while facing away from the goal. And Mane, who found space behind Conor Coady, ran through before slotting a left-footed shot past Jose Sa whilst under pressure. JUST IN: Gerrard says huge Villa call to help Liverpool was out of his hands  Thiago has enjoyed a phenomenal second season in English football, playing a pivotal role in Liverpool's hunt for an unprecedented quadruple. His contribution on Sunday afternoon could be the catalyst of a significant win if the Anfield giants go on to lift a record-levelling title. However, there will be fears over his fitness ahead of next weekend's Champions League final. The 31-year-old trudged off at half-time before being replaced by James Milner for the second half, potentially joining Fabinho on the injury table for the mammoth clash against Real Madrid in Paris. READ MORE: Lampard eying Chelsea raid for 'the next Terry' after Everton survival  Virgil van Dijk and Mohamed Salah made the bench for Wolves' visit, but Fabinho missed out altogether and remains a major doubt for the club's 10th Champions League final. If Liverpool lift the Premier League title on Sunday, it would be their biggest yet with a first-time-ever quadruple on the line. If Liverpool fans' worst nightmares become a reality and both Thiago and Fabinho miss the final, it would open the door for Milner, Curtis Jones or Harvey Elliot to start against the record holders. But there will be widespread hope across the fanbase that Thiago's early exit was a precaution and nothing more. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.