The Queen was all smiles as attended the Chelsea Flower Show in London on Monday. Due to her ongoing mobility struggles, the 96-year-old used a buggy for the first time, as she toured the gardens and exhibits at the event. Speaking on GB News, royal expert Katie Nicholl discussed the monarch navigating around the event from the comfort of an electric buggy. GB News' host Isabel Webster said: "Let's talk about Maj Mobile, it suppose it was that or a wheelchair and she decided that this got the royal seal of approval". Ms Nicholl said: "This is the way forward, electric power all the way. It worked, didn't it? "She was able to be there, anyone that's been to the Chelsea Flower Show knows these grounds are enormous, there was no way she was going to navigate it". She added: "She [the Queen] has been doing this since she was a child. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'What a mess' Meghan blasted for 'degrading' public gesture with Harry "She loves gardening, she loves being there. "You can see it in her face, just her happiness". The royal expert added: "This is a practical solution". Ms Nicholl also made reference to the Queen's 90th birthday celebrations when the royals travelled in an open-top Land Rover. READ MORE: William steps out to visit 'world-famous' hospital with moving link to Dame Deborah James She added that this was because "[Prince] Philip couldn't handle the walking". "We have to get used to different ideas, we see an elderly ageing monarch, who is 96, they've got to come up with alternatives". She suggested that we maybe we could see the "Land Rover bought back out for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations". DON'T MISS The royal expert also claimed that this raises hopes that the monarch could be in attendance at the Epsom, and "possibly we may see her at Royal Ascot". On Monday, the Queen was joined by the Earl and Countess of Wessex and Princess Beatrice. Also at the event were the Queen's cousins, the Duke of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent, Prince Michael of Kent and Princess Alexandra. At the time, a Buckingham Palace spokeswoman said: “Adjustments have been made for the Queen’s comfort".