According to the British Retail Consortium (BRC), retail prices went up from 2.1 percent in March to 2.7 percent in April, the highest rate of inflation recorded since September 2011. Food prices are also continuing to rise, up from 3.3 percent in March to 3.5 percent in April, although for fresh food they shrunk slightly, from 3.5 percent to 3.4 percent.  Chief executive of the BRC Helen Dickinson said: “The impact of rising energy prices and the conflict in Ukraine continued to feed through into April’s retail prices. “Global food prices have reached record highs, seeing a 13 percent rise on last month alone, and even higher for cooking oils and cereals. “As these costs filter through the supply chain, they will place further upward pressure on UK food prices in the coming months. “Retailers will continue to do all they can to keep prices down and deliver value for their customers by limiting price rises and expanding their value ranges, but this will put pressure on them to find cost savings elsewhere.  “Unfortunately, customers should brace themselves for further price rises and a bumpy road ahead.” This comes as the Bank of England warned that inflation could hit more than eight percent this year, reported Sky News. Mike Watkins, head of retail and business insight at NielsenIQ, has warned that these astronomical price rises could lead to consumers spending less in store, as they are forced to cut costs in response to rising energy bills.  READ MORE: ‘Broken’ evacuees seek refuge from Russian shelling He said: “With food retailing no longer immune to these pressures, supermarkets are reacting by cutting the prices of some everyday grocery products.” Other non-food items such as furniture, electrical goods and books are seeing huge price surges, exacerbated by the recent lockdown in Shanghai and the disruption in trade this has caused. The prices for these products rose by 2.2 percent in the year to April, in comparison with 1.5 percent in the year to March.  DON'T MISS: 'This is Ukraine's finest hour' PM sets out £300 military aid [LATEST]NATO allies: How military alliance is helping more countries join [ANALYSIS]Putin using high-precision missiles against land targets – VIDEO [WATCH] It marks the highest increase in price since records began in 2006. Prime Minister Boris Johnson admitted that there was more that could be done to alleviate the burden on those struggling with price rises. Speaking on Good Morning Britain on Tuesday, he said: “I accept that those contributions from the taxpayer, because that’s what it is – taxpayers’ money – isn’t going to be enough immediately to help cover everybody. “There is more that we can do but the crucial thing is to make sure we deal with the prices over the medium and long term.” 