The politician is thought to still be in custody after being accused of the abhorrent offences. A Met police spokesperson said: "In January 2020, the Met received a report relating to alleged sexual offences having been committed between 2002 and 2009. "The offences are alleged to have occurred in London. "An investigation is ongoing, led by officers from Central Specialist Crime. "A man, aged in his 50s, was arrested on suspicion of indecent assault, sexual assault, rape, abuse of position of trust and misconduct in public office. "He remains in custody."  The alleged offences were committed between 2002 and 2009 in London. The Met Police are understood to have first received a report of the allegations in January 2020 and have been investigating ever since. The MP has been asked to stay away from Parliament by the Tory whips office, which is in charge of Parliamentary discipline. A spokeswoman said: "The Chief Whip has asked that the MP concerned does not attend the Parliamentary Estate while an investigation is ongoing. "Until the conclusion of the investigation we will not be commenting further." Earlier this month it was claimed that 56 MPs out of the 650 who sit in the House of Commons are under investigation by Parliament's Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme for allegations of sexual assault.  Westminister is under pressure to shape up its image after the repeated claims of misconduct. The latest allegations have been revealed on the same day Prime Minister Boris Johnson told his ministers to focus on cracking down on crime. Addressing the Cabinet this morning, he told his top team he wanted to ensure "that we give everybody the confidence that we are on their side when it comes to the law and their experiences of crimes – particularly crimes of sexual and domestic violence - and we want to see more prosecutions for those who engage in such crimes". He added: "We want to see more rapists brought to justice.  "I'm pleased to see the facts. Several of you across the table have been working very, very hard and we are starting to see progress. "This matters deeply to me. It matters to our Government. "It's vital to every person, it’s vital to every woman and every girl in the country that we get this right and I want to see more progress on that." He added: "Crime crime crime is what we want to focus on." 