Few of us believed that leaving the EU would be an easy ride. The present post-Brexit tensions are an indication of what we can now expect in the form of revenge from the EU as it places hurdle after hurdle in front of us. It is geared up to make the UK pay and we should show the EU that we are now a proud and independent nation that is emerging triumphant from its shackles. ---------- If a manufacturing company with a full order book and work still coming in closed its doors for two years on reopening they wouldn't be too surprised with the chaos they'd be confronted with, says Alan Maddocks, from Bradford. This is exactly what has now happened with GPs and the NHS in general. Day after day people have been turned away and advised to have a chat on Zoom instead of seeing doctors in person. I'm sorry but they only have themselves to blame. ---------- I keep hearing ministers saying people are having to decide between eating and heating. I beg to differ, says Jan Knights, from Mansfield, Notts. On a fixed small income, it is increasingly more likely not being able to do either. Most days I already eat just one meal a day. What next? Returning to my poverty-stricken childhood of always feeling hungry and being freezing cold in winter. This is supposedly an affluent country in the 21st century. ---------- What a crazy place we are living in with the talk of massive cost of living increases, energy prices going through the roof, plus petrol and diesel prices hitting all-time highs, says Robert Christie, from Neath, West Glamorgan. I have no doubt families will suffer and yet we also read about Erling Haaland, who is expected to join Manchester City on a basic £400,000 a week. Is this a misprint? Don't think he will struggle with his energy bills. ---------- Isn't it time the Queen moved aside to allow Charles to take up the reins as king?, asks Barrie Warren, from Bury, Lancs. The Queen is increasingly frail and unable to cover her duties and needs to accept the time has come to step aside. If she won't abdicate perhaps some other accommodation can be found for her as an adviser. But it needs to happen now for her sake as well as the country. ----------