Christian B, who has been the police's chief suspect for over four years, insists he couldn't have kidnapped the young girl as he was miles away from the scene having sex with a young woman in his campervan. Christian B, 45, is currently serving a seven-year jail sentence for raping a pensioner in Praia da Luz - the same resort Madeline went missing from on May 3, 2007. The German drifter had become eligible for parole after serving half of his sentence but the panel are understood to have found he has a high risk of reoffending, the Mirror reported. His social prognosis, therefore, concluded that he was a danger to society and he would remain locked up in the Kiel prison, located in northern Germany. The Portuguese police declared Christian an official suspect in the McCann case last month, even though he is understood to have been the German police's chief suspect for over four years.  Speaking about the parole rejection, a spokesperson for the Oldenburg District Court told the Mirror: "The court ruled there were no grounds for suspending the remainder of the sentence." Lead German prosecutor Hans Christian Wolters told the paper: "His request was rejected on the grounds that he could not be given a positive social prognosis. "In other words, the court has said it believes that the convict will commit further offences if released." The suspect has denied any involvement in the McCann case and has so far not been charged in connection with the young girl's disappearance.  READ MORE: Haslemere fire: Huge blaze burns former school to the ground He insists he was many miles from the scene, at the time of the incident, having sex in his camper van with a young woman who was on holiday with her parents. The convicted sex offender reportedly told police he drove the young woman to the airport at Faro, Portugal, for a flight home the next day and they were stopped and photographed at a police roadblock. The suspect also claimed the woman was arrested at the airport for carrying illegal pepper spray and claimed the Portuguese police must have records of the events. It comes after Kate and Gerry McCann issued a heartfelt plea on the fifteenth anniversary of Maddie's disappearance. DON'T MISS: 'Total disgrace!' Britons banned from driving in Spain - £1,100 test [INSIGHT]Spain all-inclusive alcohol ban - full list of affected areas [ANALYSIS]Ryanair leaves behind 14 passengers in Spain -'how!' [COMMENT] Posting on the Find Madeline website, they wrote: "This year we mark 15 years since we last saw Madeleine. It feels no harder than any other (year) but no easier either. It's a very long time. "Many people talk about the need for 'closure'. It's always felt a strange term. Regardless of outcome, Madeleine will always be our daughter and a truly horrific crime has been committed. These things will remain". The couple also expressed their need for answers, writing: "It is true though that uncertainty creates weakness; knowledge and certainty give strength, and for this reason our need for answers, for the truth, is essential". The Metropolitan Police, who are working with the German and Portuguese authorities, continue to treat Madeleine's disappearance as a missing persons' inquiry and say they remain "committed" to finding the truth 15 years on. 