Kevin Thomson has called out Chris Sutton for a "lack of class" after the ex-Celtic striker mocked Rangers' Europa League final penalty-shootout defeat to Eintracht Frankfurt in Seville. Last season's Scottish champions had led at the Ramon Sanchez-Pizjuan through Joe Aribo before Rafael Santos Borre levelled things up for the Bundesliga side. And it was the Colombian frontman, who also scored for Frankfurt in wins over Barcelona and West Ham, who struck the decisive penalty after substitute Aaron Ramsey fluffed his lines. Sutton couldn't resist a cheeky swipe at Rangers in the aftermath of the heartbreaking defeat, writing on social media: "Great effort in the Europa League from Rangers and the players have given their all. "With the amount of penalties they’ve been awarded this season I fancied them in the shootout mind. Well done to Frankfurt though." The comments rattled former Rangers midfielder Thomson, who hit back at Sutton. He replied: "Lack of class that as a ex player!! "Don’t surprise me tho!! To see fellow pro’s regardless of rivalry get beat like that, it’s a cruel game at best of times." Rangers had a golden opportunity to win the match in extra-time when Ryan Kent got on the end of a low ball across the face of goal. But the jet-heeled former Liverpool winger's effort was saved by Kevin Trapp, who later went on to deny Ramsey in the shootout. Ally McCoist was proud of the Rangers players for their heroic effort in Andalusia, despite the devastating outcome. "The boys will be gutted, I feel for them as they put so much into the game," he said during punditry with BT Sport. "It wasn't a great first half in terms of the quality of football but that may be down to both teams doing very well without the ball. What became clear very early on is that Frankfurt are a very good side. "Scott Wright turned defenders a couple of times and looked very positive. Rangers grew into the game as I don't think they had a very good start. Ryan Jack should have at least hit the target at the end of the first half. "It was a poor goal to lose but Calvin Bassey was immense, his powers of recovery were colossal. "Allan McGregor is one of the best at saving penalties and my money was on him, sadly it just wasn't to be." Rangers now have to dust themselves down ahead of the Scottish Cup final this weekend, when they face Hearts on Saturday. While this will hurt for a while, Rangers can look back on their stunning Europa League campaign with fond memories after several famous nights against Borussia Dortmund, Braga and RB Leipzig.