Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Demands from family and friends will stop you from doing what you want to do unless you set boundaries. Right from the start decide on how much time you have to give to others without it starting to feel as if people are imposing on you. Taurus (Apr21/May21) You’re almost ready to give up on a matter that is getting you nowhere. Going back to this one last time could turn out to be a good idea. Take a look at the problem from a new angle and this will reveal the cause of the problem. From then on, progress will be made. Gemini (May22/June21) Some people aren’t as speedy in their thoughts and actions. When working with someone who likes to take their time you may have to be doubly patient. A task you take on later in the week will mean a lot to you and you will want to make a good job of it. Cancer (June22/July23) Check that you know the plans of those you are closest to as the week begins. Make sure you know where they are and what they will be doing. That way, when you need to contact anyone urgently, you won’t be left wondering how to do so. Leo (July24/Aug23) Either take some time out and deal only with responsibilities that cannot be put to one side for another time, or keep a lookout for a chance to take one more step up the career ladder. You want to feel you are doing something useful or enjoyable with your time. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Put more thought into it before making a move in new directions. You will feel more in control if you have your long-term plans mapped out every step of the way. That way, if you veer slightly off target, you will easily get back on track again. Libra (Sept24/Oct23) You may have made errors in the past. Everyone makes mistakes. You might feel ready to admit this now and learn from them. If someone is willing to give you a second chance, you will get it right next time. Are you single? A friendship is turning into something romantic. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) It might feel as if it’s a race against time as you work towards reaching a specific target. It’s all about speed and this could mean having to cut a few corners. If you have no other option, don’t let this make you feel guilty. A workmate will admit to feeling unwell. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) There’s a competitive note in the air. You’re mixing with many talented people. Some will think and act as if they always now best. This will inspire you to work harder and study more but don’t forget that you have skills you can be proud of too. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You know how to get your message across. People are listening. You have stood up for policies in the past which were at the time classed as extreme but are now part of the mainstream consensus. Be proud because you are making a difference. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Embrace new experiences. Smile and try to do the best you can. You could be surprised by how much you do manage to achieve. All promises you make you will intend to keep and you will manage this too, thanks to your determined efforts. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20)