Clark arrives on Netflix on May 5 and the TV miniseries is based on Clark Olofsson, a real-life Swedish criminal. He came into the spotlight in the 60s and 70s, particularly after his involvement in the Norrmalmstorg robbery. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Clark is still known today for his involvement in a robbery in Stockholm in the 1970s, the events of which gave rise to the term Stockholm Syndrome. The series depicts his life from childhood through to the present day. He is played by Bill Skarsgård, a 31-year-old actor who comes from a family of famous faces. He is best known for playing Pennywise in the It films. Three of his seven siblings - Alexander, Gustaf and Valter - are all actors. His father is the actor Stellan Skarsgård.  Marijke is the wife of Clark and they met on a train to Brussels. They tied the knot in 1976 and they had three children together. Marijke is played by Sofie Hoflack, known for her roles in Stanley H, Baptiste and Everybody Happy.  Ingbritt is Clark's mother and she is played by Sandra Ilar. The comedian is taking on one of her first-ever screen roles and she expressed her excitement on Instagram. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money Tommy is a real-life police officer who spends his career hunting down Clark. He becomes involved in the ultimate cat and mouse game due to his obsession with catching the criminal. He is played by Vilhelm Blomgren, known for Gösta and The Days the Flowers Bloom.   Ingela comes across Clark during a bank robbery he is involved in. The pair end up forming a relationship in an eye-opening twist of events. She is played by Agnes Lindström, a 32-year-old actress known for Bäckström and The Sandhamn Murders.   Sten is Clark's father in the series and he is played by Peter Viitanen. The Swedish actor, 42, is best known for playing Kenneth Gärdestad in the film Ted: För kärlekens skull. Maria is a long-term girlfriend of Clark and he meets her in prison. She was performing a left-wing play for the inmates at the time. Maria is played by Hanna Björn, a 30-year-old actress known for Hemma hos Björnen.  Liz is the mother of Madou in the series and Clark stays with her when he meets the pair on the beach. Clark ended up sleeping with both Madou and her mother. She is played by Malin Levanon, a 44-year-old actress who has been acting since she was eight. Her credits include The Bridge, Frostbite and Off Radar. DON'T MISS... Tom Cruise jibes at James Corden after quitting Late Show [DISCUSSION] What happened to the real Clark Olofsson? [EXPLAINER] The Staircase Sky release date, cast, trailer, plot: When is it out? [INSIGHT] Janne Olsson is a fellow criminal who Clark meets in prison. He dreams of becoming a celebrity just like Clark and ends up hosting a bank in Stockholm hostage. Janne is played by Christoffer Nordenrot, a 36-year-old Swedish actor known for playing Alex in the film Den blomstertid nu kommer.  Madou is the first love of Clark's life and she is played by Isabelle Grill. The 24-year-old actress is known for Midsommar and Gallery of God. She shared a photo of herself with her Clark co-stars on Instagram, saying: "So grateful right now. "Clark is out on Netflix in 190 countries TOMORROW May 5th. I’ve seen it and trust me, it’s something special. "Thank you so much to @rentroutine for making me look gorge on the premiers! Let the party begin!" Kurre the Fox is one of Clark's oldest friends who appears to know every drug dealer in town. He is played by Adam Lundgren a 36-year-old actor known for starring in the series Torka aldrig tårar utan handskar and Vår tid är nu.  Kaj-Robert is another old friend of Clark's who he finds hitch-hiking. Clark decided to pick him up and take him out to meet a girl, but Kaj-Robert was not interested. He is played by Björn Gustafsson, a 36-year-old comedian and actor. He is known for starring on Parlamentet and Stockholm Live.  Clark airs on Netflix from May 5.