Marco Verratti has aimed to aim a dig at Mauricio Pochettino after revealing that Paris Saint-Germain's players are 'always p***ed off'. Pochettino has led his side to the Ligue 1 title this season, but the Champions League exit to Real Madrid meant that it has ultimately been a disappointing campaign. There are just two games remaining of their season and have nothing left to play for, having been knocked out of the Coupe de France back in January. They have now gone three games without a win after throwing away a two-goal led to draw to Troyes on Sunday, leading Verratti to make a dig at Pochettino for not achieving more. “There is a bit of frustration. I think these are matches where you have to have fun, it's about winning and playing well as a team. We are in one of the quietest moments of the season because there is no pressure. We just have to have fun. When you are free in your head, you can enjoy it even more," he told Amazon Prime Video. “I'm a little frustrated about that. We're coming to the end of the season and we always come out of games feeling p***ed off. It's not the thing you dream of at the end of the season, especially when you are already champions. READ MORE: Man Utd star Jesse Lingard 'in talks with four clubs including PSG’ “I honestly think that we could do much better with the team we have. In difficult times, we could be better. When we are good as a team, we manage to take more pleasure from those matches. It was a tough season. I think we could be better as a team." Despite their recent winless run, PSG remain 12 points clear of second-placed Marseille. And while he admitted that was an achievement to be celebrated, Verratti has been left feeling their season should have been better. DON'T MISS: Kylian Mbappe saga takes fresh turn as Liverpool given hope (NEWS)Mauricio Pochettino clarifies Kylian Mbappe comments (INSIGHT)Real Madrid unfazed over Kylian Mbappe decision despite PSG offer (TRANSFERS) “We won the championship, that's good and I think there's not much missing. Everyone has to give more more so at the end we can say: 'OK, we have no regrets, we gave everything, they were stronger'," he added. “We do have this little regret. We had a dream in the Champions League. If you reach the semi-final then you can find yourself in the final having played two games well. Madrid hit us hard.”