Max Verstappen has hit out at Red Bull after suffering from further reliability problems during practice ahead of the Miami Grand Prix. The Dutchman’s car suffered hydraulics issues and rued an “extremely painful” day. Verstappen has endured a bumpy start to his world championship defence, winning two races and failing to finish in the other two. Red Bull have suffered a combined three DNFs in the four Grands Prix so far this season. The 24-year-old would have wanted a smoother practice session on the new Miami circuit. However, he bemoaned learning “zero things” about how his vehicle will perform come Sunday evening’s race. "Just not a good day. Of course, these days are extremely painful, especially on a track like this where you want to be out there and learn the track and get up to speed. I basically did four, five fast laps today... that's not what you want,” Verstappen told Sky Sports. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton told of 14-driver queue for his Mercedes seat by Button "They were hydraulics issues. As soon as I went out of the pits, I couldn't really steer, like I was locked, and also the brakes were on fire... so a lot of problems. "Of course, I'll try to catch up but it's just not ideal, everyone is more into their running. Not only that, we have no information on the car and what we have to do, so yeah it's extremely painful. "We just have to look at ourselves. I don't care what happens on the track with red flags... we could have done a lot more today." DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton escapes F1 ban with FIA giving him 'grace period'Lewis Hamilton threatens to skip Miami GP as FIA row takes major twistMax Verstappen's blunt threat of ban amid Hamilton saga Verstappen failed to finish in the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix. He then suffered fuel issues in Australia and was forced to retire. There were wins in Saudi Arabia and Imola, though. Verstappen is second in the Drivers’ World Championship standings on 54 points - five behind Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner says he cannot be absolutely certain that the cars will perform smoothly in Miami. He told journalists on Friday: “I can’t sit here with absolute confidence because they’re still Formula One cars. “But we understood the issue in Bahrain, which was independent from the problem that stopped Max in Australia. It was great to see both cars run problem-free in Imola and — touch wood — we’re hoping that run of performance will continue.”