On the episode of Homes Under the Hammer, presenter Martel Maxwell was initially shocked at the state of the inside of the property. The elegant three-bedroom mid-terrace house was situated in Stanley Grove, London. The area is located close to Battersea, perfect for commuters into the city centre. Average property prices in the area are around £580,000, according to Zoopla. With a guide price of £720,000, the property looked in good condition from the outside but needed work on the inside. Entering the property, presenter Martel said: “To be so handsome on the outside, it’s a bit of a letdown on the inside I won’t lie. “It doesn’t have the character and the features that I was hoping for. “What you can’t appreciate is the smell, often there’s a damp smell. I think I’d rather that. “Let's just say some sort of animal may have been inhabiting here.” Looking around the property, shots showed the wallpaper peeling off and some damp on the walls. READ MORE: When to plant out courgettes - exact time to move seeds outdoors Martel said the home was in a “real sorry state”. She added: “I’d love to see a fireplace restored here, it has possibilities. It feels like it could be attractive if you forget about that smell.” A local estate agent said: “If I was to convert this property the way that I would do it would be to change the upstairs bathroom into a bedroom. “Move the upstairs bathroom into the room next door to the bedroom currently, that would allow an extra room upstairs.” The expert also said he would put up a stud wall downstairs to add a fifth bedroom to the home. Martel added: “Five bedrooms does seem a lot but in London there is a healthy appetite for HMO properties, houses of multiple occupancy that are rented on a per-room basis.” DON'T MISS:Cornish chalet with no inside toilet on sale for £325,000 - pictures [INSIGHT]Lawn: ‘No Mow May’ more ‘damaging’ to wildlife long-term [COMMENT]Seedlings: Make a reflector using foil to grow ‘much sturdier’ plant [EXPLAINER] Fully renovated, the estate agent said he would value the home for as much as £1.25million. So who purchased the home when it went to auction? The home sold for £785,000 at auction, purchased by Aaron, looking to turn the property into a HMO. With a budget of just £10,000 to £12,000, and a two week timescale, the investor completely transformed the home. Visiting the property once the renovation works had been completed, Martel said: “Aaron and his team have certainly made the difference here. “They’ve reinstated a stud wall in the living room to make a new bedroom to the front of the house.” Aaron added: “We’ve made a couple of changes. We’ve added an en-suite to one of the rooms upstairs. The other change was moving the main bathroom that was originally at the back to the middle and made that space into a fifth bedroom.” He added that the rooms were not “super high-end” but were completed to a “high standard”. To transform the property, the walls were fixed and painted and carpet was laid throughout the home. Aaron continued: “I don’t like wallpaper so everything has been removed, plastered and repainted.” The team completed the work within two weeks and took the opportunity to short-let it throughout the summer months. To turn it into a HMO property, Aaron installed fire alarms in all the rooms and placed locks on all the doors as well as placed emergency lighting. Martel said the team had been “pretty clever” when designing the home to make it flexible for either residential or holiday lets. Sticking to his £12,000 budget, how much could the property sell for if it went on the market? One local estate agent said the large home could sell for as much as £1.15million. Another suggested marketing it at £1million, due to the great location and quality of the renovation. This could see a pre-tax profit of around £353,000.