The four-day Jubilee Bank Holiday will see numerous royal events take place, including Trooping the Colour and a Pageant procession to bring the weekend to a close. One key fixture of the Queen's coronation 70 years ago will be making a comeback for the huge event - albeit with an interesting twist. The Gold State Coach will lead the Platinum Jubilee Pageant procession on Sunday, June 5, the final day of the bank holiday. The Royal Family Instagram account posted a photo of the carriage on Instagram on Friday. The caption reads: "On Sunday 5 June, as part of the #PlatinumJubilee Celebration weekend, the Mounted Band of the Household Cavalry will lead The Gold State Coach, drawn – as it always has been – by eight Windsor Grey horses. "The Queen travelled in the Coach on the way to her Coronation, and during the Pageant original film footage recorded on Coronation Day will be showcased in the carriage windows." READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle banned by Queen from palace balcony The carriage is 260 years old, and has carried various monarchs on parades in that time. Made of giltwood, which is a thin layer of gold leaf over wood, and has numerous elaborate features. Above each wheel there are triton figures in gilded walnut wood to represent the spreading of the news of good government. The main body is carved to represent palm trees framing the doors and windows. Inside, the walls are adorned with paintings of Roman gods and goddesses, which are said to represent human skill and endeavour. The artwork also contains the harvest goddess Ceres setting light to weapons in a sign of peace and prosperity after war. The carriage is seven metres long, weighs four tonnes and is 3.6 metres tall. Because of its almighty weight, it is only ever used at a walking pace. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry could be 'face of young Britons' if they come back [INSIGHT]Six Royal Family members Queen made exception for with palace balcony [EXPLAINER]Queen gives Prince George, Charlotte and Louis special treatment [INSIGHT] For her Coronation, the Queen used the coach to travel from Buckingham Palace to Westminster Abbey, and to return. At the time she travelled with her husband the Duke of Edinburgh, in the uniform of an Admiral of the Fleet. The Queen last rode in the carriage in 2002, for the Service of National Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, again alongside Prince Philip. The coach, the third oldest surviving coach in the UK, only ever carries the sovereign, although it has previously taken part in pageants with no passengers. This will be the case for the pageant this year, likely due to the monarch's mobility issues making getting in and out of the carriage difficult. The Queen will not travel in it during these Jubilee celebrations, with the film footage instead seeking to recreate her Coronation Day 69 years ago. Her Majesty's presence at the event will be announced on the day in question, due to updated Buckingham Palace rules that stipulate the Queen need only inform the public of her appearance on the day in question. More than 10,000 people will be taking part in the pageant, which will close the book on Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Among the fixtures, Ed Sheeran will be leading a musical tribute and a gain 3D bust of the Queen will also feature.