A brand new addition to the Below Deck franchise kicked off on Peacock this March, and it hasn’t taken long for the rumours to start flying about the Australian spin-off’s cast of crewmates. After getting to know each other quite well during the first season, Below Deck Down Under stars Jamie Sayed and Magda Ziomek have finally confirmed their relationship status. Despite cosying up in a hot tub in the season premiere, Jamie has confirmed he and Magda are not currently dating. “No, within the first three days that was done and dusted,” he revealed. Many viewers speculated sparks could start flying between the bosun and third stew after their flirtatious meeting at the start of the new spin-off. Magda quickly crushed any hopes Jamie had of taking their friendship further by confirming a five-month relationship with a boyfriend back in Poland. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle However, the breakout reality star has since confirmed her previous romance has come to an end, adding more fuel to the fire she and Jamie may have started seeing each other. Unfortunately for some fans, Jamie has since clarified they haven't gotten together since their first charter on the superyacht Thalassa. Jamie explained he quickly got over his feelings once he discovered Magda was already seeing someone. Even after the break-up, Jamie ultimately didn’t try to take things further with his co-star once he discovered Magda was single. He told Distractify: “There was no other pursuit of Magda after I found out that she had no boyfriend. “We were just good friends. We've met up in person since, and we've had laughs and drinks together and all that. “But no, there's none of that relationship happening. I see her more like a sister.” It seems if the crewmates both return for a second season of Down Under they’ll be remaining friends and colleagues, with no more hot tub dates on the cards for now. DON'T MISS:Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe explains season 6 cliffhanger [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom star ‘didn’t want to do’ pivotal King Edward scene [INTERVIEW]Bridgerton season 3 confirms Penelope and Colin romance [NEWS] Magda has also recalled the difficult experience of her break-up after insisting they were “soulmates” throughout the first season. “It was hard for me to explain to him because he didn't know the yachting industry,” she told TV Insider. “I was trying to balance it... I was trying my best to keep both sides happy. Perspective now, I wouldn't do the same thing again.” Confirming her current relationship status, Magda added: “We’re not together anymore. We broke up. “I know if I’m yachting, I have to be fully focused. It was all making my life complicated.” The crew will have to heed Magda’s advice and stay focused if they want the next charter to go smoothly, though fans know all too well how things don’t always go to plan when Below Deck romances are concerned. Jamie has not revealed any significant other on his social media accounts just yet, though there could still be a chance of a connection with another crewmate before the first season of Down Under is up. Below Deck Down Under continues Thursdays on Peacock in the USA and the following Friday on Hayu in the UK.