A new mural celebrating the Queen’s historic 70-year reign has gone on display in the Clonmore Green area of the Rathcoole estate in Belfast. The Newtownabbey estate design features a smiling portrait of Her Majesty at the centre, alongside four other images which chart key events from the monarch’s life. Brian Higginson shared a snap of the mural on Twitter writing: “What an amazing mural in Rathcoole North Belfast, for the Queens Platinum jubilee celebrations.” Others echoed his sentiment, sharing their admiration for the artwork and how it honours the Queen’s time as ruler. Baroness Kate Hoey of Lylehill and Rathlin in the County of Antrim wrote: “Love it” while @since_1716 added: “An amazing piece of work.” James Grant also chimed in to say: “Lovely lady, one of the best things to come out of England in a long time.” However, not everyone seem to be pleased with the image as one user called Patrick Fogarty compared the photograph to a piece of propaganda art depicting Kim Il-sung, grandfather of North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un. Kim Il-sung was a North Korean politician and the founder of North Korea, which he ruled from 1948 until his death in 1994. The painting shows the dictator and his son surrounded by children in a style that aims to present him as a family man. It nods to how Kim Il-sung began to prominently feature his son, Kim Jong-il, in propaganda material alongside himself. Kim Jong-il did the same for his son, Kim Jong-un, by having him make public appearances with him before he died. READ MORE: Kate and William's love story not expected to last after university The artwork of the Queen was designed by locally-based community groups RATH and Dalaradia and will be officially unveiled on June 2. The base of the mural features text which reads: “The people of Rathcoole send their sincere and heartfelt congratulations to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II on the historic occasion of Her Platinum Jubilee.” The new mural in the Clonmore Green area of Rathcoole comes as part of a series of celebrations planned in the local area for the Queen’s milestone. RATH and Dalaradia will be staging a street party on June 2 in the Donardview Close area. The event will feature a number of activities including bouncy castles, refreshments, an assault course and a flute band. DON'T MISS Queen thrills crowds at Chelsea Flower Show cruising in £62k buggy [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry’s polo kisses go from ‘sexy to sweet’ [ANALYSIS] Meghan and Harry mocked over 'foray into reality TV territory' [REVEAL] Northern Ireland will also have royal visitors over the Bank Holiday weekend, as Prince Edward and Sophie are due to conduct official engagements there to mark the occasion. Specific details of their itinerary has not yet been confirmed. William and Kate will visit Wales during the bank holiday, and Princess Anne will travel to Scotland for official engagements. It comes as part of efforts to unite the four nations for celebrations, and to also celebrate the occasion outside of London where the majority of announced events are taking place. A star-studded pop concert and the Queen’s birthday parade are taking place at Buckingham Palace and there will also be the lighting of thousands of beacons across the world. More than 70,000 Big Jubilee Lunches, akin to a street party, are being held across the UK on Sunday, June 5. An expected 10 million people are set to sit down with their neighbours or loved ones at these events. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are also crossing the pond to attend some of the festivities. The couple have confirmed they will be heading to the UK with their children Archie and Lilibet for some events. The details of which specific events they will be attending has not been revealed. However, the Sussexes will not be featuring on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the traditional RAF flypast during Trooping the Colour. A statement from the Palace noted that the Queen, “after careful consideration”, had decided that only working royals would be allowed to stand alongside her. Some exceptions have been made though, to include the three children of Prince William and Kate, and also Princess Anne’s husband Sir Timothy Laurence who regularly accompanies his wife on royal tours.