Despite temperatures remaining cold across some parts of the country, there are still plenty of jobs Britons can be doing in their gardens. Renovating your garden can be costly if not done right but freshening up your outdoor space doesn’t mean you have to splash the cash. Carlos Real, lawn care expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, has shared his top tips to get you the garden you’ve always dreamed of using easy and cheap methods. The lawn specialist claimed that growing a lawn from seeds is the “cheapest way” to ensure a garden thrives. He said: “The cheapest way to get a thriving garden is by growing a lawn by seed, as turf isn’t cheap and can be difficult to lay.” While laying turf is the quickest way to achieve a thick lawn, gardeners need to spend a lot of time caring for it properly and feeding it lots of water. Carlos continued: “With seeding, you’ve got much greater control over which species of seed are going into your new lawn. “For example, if you want an aesthetically pleasing lawn, you should be looking for slender fescues – this forms a close turf with bristle-like, dark green, glossy leaves. READ MORE: Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds “Not only this, if you sow in the spring, you won’t have to wait long for it to grow – it’s a simple and cost-efficient way to renovate your outdoor space.” Lawn seeds will germinate in as little as 10 days, leaving grass looking fuller and more luscious week after week as the seedlings grow. Plus, there are plenty of different types of grass seed out there to suit every garden’s needs. The lawn expert suggested that gardeners cut a shape into their grass to improve the overall appearance. He said: “Cutting the lawn into a clearly defined shape can also help you to get the garden of your dreams. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove ‘awful’ smells from washing machines [COMMENT]Homeowners could face £5,000 fine following Queen’s Platinum Jubilee [TIPS]Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [EXPERT] “The shape you choose should depend on the size and shape of your garden. “Whether it’s a circle, rectangle or square, mark it out with string before you start digging, as once you start there’s no going back!” If lawns are looking a little worse for wear but gardeners simply want to alter its colour, why not try adding a green-up treatment? Carlos explained: “Your grass could be a beautiful green colour in as little as two hours. “It can be used at any time of the year, without affecting any other treatments or feeds you might be using.” These lawn treatments can be purchased at any local garden centre. The expert explained that having a good tidy up “can make a huge difference” to the whole aesthetic and it’s “easy”. He said: “The easiest way to spruce up your space is by having a good tidy up. “It can make a huge difference to the overall aesthetic of your garden, whatever its size. “Spring is the perfect time to get rid of any moss, weed the garden and jet wash the patio. “If you keep on top of it all year round, the costs will be kept to a minimum in the long run.” Pathways are also an amazing addition to any garden. Carlos said: “Garden paths are essential but paving soon mounts up the costs. “If you’d like a natural aesthetic, try making a path from limestone gravel, it’s inexpensive and adds a rustic feel to your garden. “We’d recommend going for 20-30mm size stones as they generally last longer than the smaller ones and feel sturdy underfoot.”