Better Call Saul is currently airing its final ever season, wrapping up the Breaking Bad prequel for good. This series will be split into two parts with the first half coming to an end. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about watching the AMC and Netflix crime drama. Better Call Saul season six, part one, consists of seven episodes, with the finale airing on Monday, May 23, in America. Depending on where you are in the world will determine how and when you can watch the series' midseason finale. For those watching Stateside via cable network AMC and its streaming service AMC+, Better Call Saul season six, episode seven, is going to premiere at 9pm EST (Eastern Standard Time) on May 23. Due to various time zones, this means that those in America living by PST (Pacific Standard Time), will receive the same episode at 6pm. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast Unfortunately, AMC and AMC+ are currently only available in America and Canada. So fans from around the world instead have to watch the drama via streaming service Netflix. Subscribers have been able to catch up on Better Call Saul's latest episodes one day after its AMC release date. This means Netflix viewers will get access to the series six midseason finale on Tuesday, May 24. Once again, exactly when the episode will come out is going to depend on your geographical location. For those living in the UK, Better Call Saul is going to be ready to watch from 8am BST (British Summer Time). The majority of Europe, on the other hand, is roughly around one hour behind the UK. So Netflix viewers can expect the series midseason finale to drop at about 9am on May 24. DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby suffers huge blow after show is 'axed' [CANCELLED]When is Better Call Saul season 6, episode 8 released? [RELEASE DATE]Better Call Saul’s Giancarlo Esposito exposes meaning in Kim’s turn [EXPLAINER]  This is far from the end though as there are a handful of episodes of Better Call Saul left to air. Following the midseason finale, the drama will be taking a break from the small screen. The Breaking Bad prequel will be back on Monday, July 11, on AMC in America and on July 12 on Netflix internationally. But before the last six episodes can air, there's still the matter of the midseason finale.   Better Call Saul season six, episode seven, airs on May 23, on AMC in America and the following day on Netflix. The instalment is entitled Plan and Execution so fans are getting plenty of drama. The synopsis simply reads: "Jimmy and Kim deal with a last-minute snag in their plan." Better Call Saul season 6 returns for part 2 on Monday, July 11, on AMC in America and the following day for international fans on Netflix. 