Chelsea's loss to Everton on Sunday will have sparked some fears for Thomas Tuchel ahead of the Blues' end to the season. They sit five points ahead of Tottenham in fifth, and with an FA Cup final against Liverpool on the horizon, the German boss will want to address the failings at the club if they are to lift silverware this season. Express Sport takes a look at four things Tuchel must do to turn their season around. How the mighty have fallen. Lukaku's three Premier League goals in his first three games would have given Chelsea fans hope that their striking woes of the past few years could finally be solved. Both Timo Werner and Alvaro Morata have struggled to be Chelsea’s main man in the last few years. But a dry spell due to injuries, loss of form and a lack of game time have seen the Belgian star score just twice in the league since - and those goals both came in the space of three days over the Christmas period. Lukaku failed to even appear off the bench against Everton in Sunday's dour 1-0 loss, and that represents a huge waste of £100million for Tuchel. Chelsea need to decide what they’re going to do with Lukaku and if they’re going to replace him, there is much better value to be found out there. Chelsea's defence is a key area for concern, given that several players are leaving in the summer. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen are set to depart for Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively on free transfers, so replacements are expected in the summer. However, with the knowledge that they are set to move to Spain, it may be worth introducing players such as Trevoh Chalobah and Malang Sarr to the fore to get them up to speed for next season. The alternative is to play the duo that will be leaving them in the summer and neglect those who will surely play a huge part next term... N'Golo Kante, Jorginho, Mateo Kovacic and Ruben Loftus-Cheek are all more than good enough to play a huge part in Chelsea's midfield. But consistency is key in the Premier League - and Tuchel's mix-and-match pairings in the engine room of late have been detrimental to Chelsea's form. Since the turn of April, the Blues have only won four of their games as the season comes to an end. And with the midfield constantly changing, Tuchel must decide on what he feels is his best selection to continue in good form ahead of the FA Cup final next weekend. Timo Werner has been linked with a move away from Chelsea in recent weeks, despite his upturn in form. The German failed to impress last season, and taking up a role behind Romelu Lukaku at the start of the season saw him struggle for goals. Borussia Dortmund are reportedly interested in his services in a deal that would bring him back to the Bundesliga. But Tuchel might be wise to give him reassurances over his future given Werner's form of late, with the German showing he can be a real asset for the club.