Taskmaster made its anticipated return to screens in April with its 13th season and a host of familiar faces eager to take on the comedy game show. Comedian and Actor Ardal O’Hanlon, who stars as a contestant, opened up about feeling shy early on in his career.  Hosted by Greg Davies and Alex Horne, they are tasked with setting quirky and random challenges for five celebrities to undertake. In a bid to be crowned as the champion, the stars must go head to head as they also compete to win back their forfeited possessions. With bizarre challenges, including devising a duel and recreating photos on their phones, participant Ardal made a surprising revelation. The actor and comedian was a guest on Sunday Brunch, where he admitted to being shy in his early career. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan Speaking to the presenters Tim Lovejoy and Simon Rimmer, Ardal opened up about his experience on Taskmaster. When asked if the show was different to what he had in mind, he admitted: “Yeah it was kind of. “It’s probably the kind of show I probably wouldn’t have done a few years ago. “I would’ve been shy about things like that, about being myself, I probably would have run a mile a few years ago.”  Ardal continued: “But I found it liberating and actually quite moving. “It could’ve been as a consequence of the pandemic and everyone being trapped at home for a year and a half, and just delighted to be out with people. “I would say liberating in the sense that, there's no script, there’s no safety net, you’re at the mercy of the whim of Alex Horne and his tasks.” Throughout the season, Ardal will be competing against Judi Love, Sophie Duker, Bridget Christie and Chris Ramsey. DON'T MISS...Zoe Henry children: How many kids does Emmerdale star have? [INSIGHT]Taskmaster season 13 cast: Who are the contestants? [INSIGHT]'I thought of it as a burden’ Ardal O'Hanlon's Father Ted admission [INSIGHT] The most recent episode titled ‘The 75th Question,’ was just as quirky and bizarre as expected. Viewers watched Ardal straddle a mannequin, while Chris was made to take a sausage to his nostril. Judi was tasked with demanding access to a puppy as Sophie was left asking the important questions. During his appearance on the Sunday Brunch, Ardal also gave his props to his fellow contestants.  He stated: “We get on so well together and it's very hard to manufacture the rivalry. “I very quickly realised that I’m not particularly good at any of the tasks, so I had to develop a strategy which was to basically undermine the superior.” As well as sharing his experience on Taskmaster, the actor was also promoting the release of his latest comedy-mystery book ‘Brouhaha.’ Thankfully for fans, Taskmaster will return to screens on Thursday for another instalment of its outrageous challenges. Taskmaster is available on All4. 