Arsenal have reportedly enquired about the future of Barcelona forward Memphis Depay. The Gunners are in the market for a forward and the Dutchman has reportedly been added to a list of targets for Mikel Arteta. Arsenal are likely to sign two strikers this summer. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are out of contract at the end of the season, and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left in January. Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus is a top target for the north London club. The Telegraph claims Lille's Jonathan David, Roma star Tammy Abraham and Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin are also all targets. A fifth forward Arsenal have shown an interest in is Depay. Spanish outlet ABC claims the Gunners have submitted an enquiry about the former Manchester United star. READ MORE: Tottenham could make four dazzling signings if Conte secures Champions League  West Ham and Juventus are also said to have asked about the 28-year-old. Depay joined Barca on a free transfer last summer. He has scored 12 goals in 27 La Liga appearances this season but the arrival of Aubameyang in January has meant he has often played out wide under Xavi. Depay only signed a two-year contract at Barca, so his current deal expires at the end of next season. Barca's financial situation means they are willing to sell a number of their first-team squad. Getting a fee for the player would be attractive for Barca having signed him for nothing last year. Depay's previous spell in England did not go to plan. He joined United in 2015 for a fee of around £25million. However, it did not turn out to be as successful as he or the Red Devils would have wanted. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Klopp may have confirmed imminent exit in Southampton win [QUOTES]Nottingham Forest fan arrested for assault on Billy Sharp that left him 'bleeding' [NEWS]Liverpool legend Steve Nicol slams Jurgen Klopp and declares 'you're not a special case' [QUOTES]  He scored seven goals in 45 appearances in his first season at the club before the sacking of manager Louis van Gaal. Depay barely featured under Jose Mourinho in the first half of the 2016/17 season and left to join Lyon in the January of that campaign. He had a successful time in France, scoring 76 goals in 178 appearances in all competitions. Depay's record for Holland is not to be sniffed at either, having netted 39 goals in 77 caps. At 28, he is the oldest of the five strikers Arsenal have been linked with. Whether the enquiry from the Gunners turns into an actual offer for the player remains to be seen.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here