Another 14 cases of Monkeypox have been reported in England over the last 24 hours bringing the UK’s total tally of Monkeypox to 71. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) said England accounts for 70 of the cases, while Scotland has so far reported one incident. It comes after Monday saw 36 cases reported, more than doubling the previous amount to 57. The UKHSA has now told anyone at high risk of having caught Monkeypox must self-isolate for three weeks. The advice applies to anyone who has had “unprotected direct contact or high-risk environmental contact” with a confirmed case. People are considered to be at high risk of having caught Monkeypox if they have had household contact, sexual contact, or have changed an infected person’s bedding without wearing protective equipment. Some healthcare workers caring for individuals and those with higher levels of exposure to Monkeypox may be offered a smallpox vaccine following an assessment. The UKHSA said despite further cases being detected, the risk to the UK population remains low. They also noted a "notable proportion" of the cases identified have been among people who identify as gay or bisexual or men who have sex with men. Dr Susan Hopkins, chief medical adviser at the UKHSA, thanked people for coming forward with symptoms and said the agency is continuing to "promptly identify" cases. Earlier on Tuesday, the World Health Organisation (WHO) revealed a total of 131 confirmed cases of Monkeypox had been recorded across 19 countries outside of Africa. It is unclear if the UK's most up-to-date figures were included in the WHO's report. READ MORE: Monkeypox: The sign that appears inside the mouth in 70% of cases Dr David Heymann, chair of a WHO expert group, described the outbreak in Europe as "a random event" that might have been spread by sexual transmission among gay and bisexual men at two raves in Spain and Belgium. Richard Pebody, leader of the high-threat pathogen team at WHO Europe, also said on Monday the outbreak does not require mass vaccinations as measures like good hygiene and safe sexual behaviour will help control its spread. He added most of the confirmed cases have not been linked to travel to Africa, which suggests there may be large amounts of undetected cases. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan blasted for 'degrading' public' gesture Ukraine wipes out Russian military base with NATO-supplied howitzer 'Stupid idiots with no sense of history' Union flag Jubilee row It comes as Professor Sir Andrew Pollard, director of the Oxford Vaccine Group, said the world cannot take its "eye off the ball" in preparing for the next pandemic. He insisted the rise in Monkeypox infections "really isn't a Covid-like scenario", but stressed it was another reminder of the need to invest in pandemic preparedness and vaccine development. He told The Independent failure to do so "really puts the human population at risk". Prof. Pollard added: "We've really seen what two very mild diseases can do in terms of public concern and [in the case of Covid] the impact on populations, even though it was less than 1 percent mortality. It's been incredibly disruptive. "So what would it look like if we'd actually had a virus that was a bigger threat, like the original coronavirus, Sars-CoV-2, from 20 years ago, that was around 10 percent mortality?" Meanwhile, Slovenia, the Czech Republic and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) all recorded their first confirmed cases on Tuesday. In Denmark, it was also announced vaccines will be provided to close contacts of those infected with the virus. In Germany, 40,000 doses of a Monkeypox vaccine have been ordered as a precautionary measure. German Health Minister Karl Lauterbach said: "If infections spread further we will want to be prepared for possible ring vaccinations that are not yet recommended, at this point, but might become necessary."