Liverpool stars are reportedly furious with UEFA because their families won’t be allowed onto the Stade de France pitch should they defeat Real Madrid and lift the Champions League trophy tonight. And their irritation has been made worse by the fact Real have been given a bigger ticket allocation for their players’ families. Liverpool reached Europe’s showpiece event after seeing off Villarreal in the semi-finals. And Jurgen Klopp’s men will be looking to get revenge on the side who defeated them in the final four years ago. In recent times it has become commonplace for the families of players to come onto the pitch following the last home game of the season. And Reds players welcomed their loved ones onto the Anfield turf last Sunday after the team had seen off Wolves. But the Daily Mail has been told that the Stade de France ban is down to “security reasons.” So if Liverpool lift their third trophy of the season in Paris, they will have to do it without their family around them. Liverpool were only given 382 tickets to share around their staff and players as the club wanted to make as many of them as possible available to fans. But Real players have been told they can buy up to 25 tickets each. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel urged to re-sign defender who 'man-marked Mo Salah out of a game'    The Merseysiders won 10 of their 12 games on their way to reaching the final and saw off Villarreal 5-2 on aggregate, despite suffering a scare during the first half of the second leg in Spain earlier this month as Unai Emery’s side scored two goals without reply to level the tie. The Reds could feel they have a score to settle in Paris after losing 3-1 to Real in 2018 after Mohamed Salah had been forced off injured following a tussle with Sergio Ramos. And Klopp has vowed to make things difficult for Carlo Ancelotti’s men on this occasion. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'could submit first Nkunku bid next week' with agent talks underwayCristiano Ronaldo 'missing farewell meal' speaks volumes about Man Utd starLiverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Tchouameni's private declaration      “I believe when you do the right stuff all the time, it's the right thing for the final too,” the German told reporters on Friday. “But it has to be the highest level. We are not here by surprise. We are a really uncomfortable opponent. “We get judged by final result. If you are a football person, you know what my boys did is exceptional. But it's all based on the colour of a medal. History will tell us what people say. The boys developed in the last few years enormously. We are part of a massive club. The boys are exactly the right players for this club. People saw that different when I arrived.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here