Alexander Zverev has shared his three favourites for the French Open following Rafael Nadal’s injury scare in Rome. The world No 3 expressed his “hope” for the 13-time champion to be fit, but admitted he thought Carlos Alcaraz, Novak Djokovic or Stefanos Tsitsipas could take the title from the ‘King of Clay’ this year. Nadal was playing just the second tournament of his comeback from a hip injury he picked up in Indian Wells, but this time it was his chronic foot issue that saw him lose a 6-1 lead over Denis Shapovalov as the Canadian won their Italian Open third-round clash 1-6 7-5 6-2. Zverev was then informed of the world No 4’s injury scare, and shared his concerns for Nadal’s preparation going into the French Open. “I didn't know that Rafa got injured. I'm sorry,” the former champion in Rome said. “That explains the third set a little bit. Yeah, I feel sorry for Rafa. Hopefully he can be fit. He has 10 days' time to be able to play in Paris.” Zverev had previously touted Carlos Alcaraz as one of the heavy favourites for the French Open title after losing to the 19-year-old in the Madrid Masters final last week, and was asked whether Nadal’s injury made the world No 6 an even bigger favourite, but he added two more names to the list. “Look, I think Alcaraz is one of the favorites. Novak is one of the favorites. Tsitsipas,” he admitted. JUST IN: Djokovic disappointed despite Rome win as he seeks 1000th victory   The German, who has never been beyond the semi-finals in Paris, also threw himself into the mix as he added: “If I get in form, I can do well there. There's a lot of guys that can play well on this surface.” Nadal’s conqueror in Rome also shared his wish for the Spaniard to recover in time for the upcoming Grand Slam.  “Hopefully he’s alright for French Open. Obviously I’m a huge fan of his, growing up I watched him play him so many times, growing up I wanted to play and behave like him so definitely super look up to him and hopefully he’s fit for the French,” Shapovalov said after beating the 35-year-old. DON'T MISSDjokovic beats Auger-Aliassime to secure No 1 spot for French OpenRome Masters crowd boo as fan waves Ibrahimovic shirt during DjokovicDjokovic under pressure to extend crazy Rome record after Nadal loss    And Nadal himself is also hoping he can be back to himself before his most successful tournament begins. "It's still the goal," he said after losing to Shapovalov. "[It's] in a week and a couple of days and I'm gonna keep dreaming about that goal. First thing that I need to do is to don't have pain to practise, that's it. And the negative thing is today it's not possible to play for me. But maybe in two days things are better, that's the thing that I have on my foot.” 