Prince Harry's skit was made for his travel company, Travalyst, and aims to encourage people to consider sustainable options when planning their next holiday. The Duke of Sussex announced the campaign on Maori TV, saying: "The Maori culture inherently understands sustainable practices and how to take better care of our life-giving land, which are critical lessons we can all learn. For our first campaign, we're encouraging people to flip the script.  "We're always being asked for our feedback on our trips and experiences and what would happen if our holiday rated us? "It's an important question to ask, and we want all of you to help us answer it." No further details about the campaign are known, but the Travayst website contains a survey which gives users a rating based on how they answer five questions about their holidays. This helps the company to better understand consumer attitudes towards sustainable travel.  Harry took part in a video which sees him jogging through a New Zealand woodland wearing a grey t-shirt with the words "Girl Dad" printed on it. He is followed by "rating agents" who ask him questions, including if he dropped a lollipop wrapper. The 'Girl Dad' t-shirt is available to purchase from Ultras for $34, or £27.60 in Sterling. The clothing item is sold between sizes extra small to XXXX Large.  The t-shirt has a five-star review rating online. One comment reads: "So far so good. Love tri-blends, they don't shrink and are so soft. "Plus they fit perfectly." Royal fans were pleased with Harry's new style of t-shirt and took to social media to praise it.  Twitter user @tracer468 said: "Love the girl dad look. Well done Prince Harry." Another account, @andrews_ange added: "Love the girl dad t-shirt!" Similarly, royal watcher @lynle0 wrote: "Hilarious video. Love the girl dad shirt. "Harry's got great comedic timing."  Twitter account @yoon_strawberry commented: "I bet baby Lili has him wrapped around her little fingers." Royal fan @4llyBrendan said: "This particular girl dad is super happy and I am happy for his happiness." Another account, @gayleLackey11 added: "Look at that smile! "He's a happy man." 