Following the reelection of President Emmanuel Macron, the French Government will likely end TV licences later this year. This is change which is estimated to impact around 23 million households and save people €138 (£117) annually. The news of this change in policy across the Channel has many wondering whether Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s Government will take similar action in the UK. Joe Ventre, a digital campaign manager at the TaxPayers' Alliance, suggested why the British Government should consider taking a similar approach. Mr Ventre explained: “Virtually everyone can see the hated TV tax is out of date. "Taxpayers are sick of being expected to pay a licence fee which is simply not fit for the 21st century, on pain of imprisonment. “Ministers must follow France's example and axe the TV tax.” READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum During last month’s last presidential election, Macron promised to get rid of the levy to ease the burden on taxpayers. In French, the licence fee is known as la contribution pour l'audiovisuel public. Previously, it was called redevance télé. Similar to how the UK licence fee funds the BBC, France’s equivalent pays for broadcaster France Télévisions, Radio France (France Inter, France Info, France Culture, France Musique) Arte, and international outlines such as France 24 and RFI. Despite being promised, legislation regarding the TV licence has yet to be introduced and likely will not be until after the legislative elections later this summer.  Experts believe the move away from the licence fee will cost the French Government £3.2billion a year. However, the French Government’s spokesperson Gabriel Attal confirmed public broadcasters would not be privatised and that “financing of public audiovisual media is guaranteed”. As of today, the source of this funding has yet to be officially confirmed by a Government representative. In France, licence fees are paid for by people who own a television. People who do not have one can declare it on their tax return to avoid being charged. Meanwhile in the UK, a TV licence is required to watch or record programming as it is being broadcast live across the country. Furthermore, a licence is needed to stream any live content from streaming services, such as BBC iPlayer. As the UK’s public broadcaster, the BBC is responsible for managing the TV licence fee and making sure it is paid. Currently, the price of a television licence stands at £159 a year, however there are multiple concessions for vulnerable groups to lower this price down. Recently, the Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries confirmed that the Government would temporarily freeze the levy as they explore alternative funding options for the BBC. As a result, this means the cost of a TV licence will remain at £159 for at least the next two years. Many have cited the Culture Secretary’s ongoing conflict with the public broadcaster as to why this is taking place but Ms Dorries has claimed it will help struggling households who are dealing with a rise in the cost of living. Whether the Government decides to scrap the licence fee at the end of this two-year period, remains to be seen.