From a high-stakes night where tempers flared on and off the pitch, new footage has emerged of Declan Rice aiming a furious rant towards Jesus Gil Manzano, the referee in control of West Ham United's visit to Eintracht Frankfurt. The hosts dumped West Ham out of the Europa League semi-finals with a 1-0 win, ending their dreams of Champions League football next season. Frankfurt took a 2-1 lead into the second leg after last week's success at the London Stadium, and Aaron Cresswell's early red card almost made any turnaround an impossible task. Just seven minutes later, Rafael Santos Borre fired the Bundesliga club ahead before the half-hour mark, securing a 3-1 aggregate triumph. West Ham inevitably struggled at Deutsche Bank Park, keeping just 37 per cent possession as Frankfurt cruised into a final showdown against Rangers. David Moyes received a late red card for a wild reaction to a ball boy's loose throw, and the off-field drama didn't end there.  After full-time, tunnel footage has captured Rice hunting Gil Manzano down before firing sharp words about his performance, even accusing the Spaniard of being paid by the hosts. In footage which has since gone viral online, Rice could be heard seemingly ranting: "Ref, ref! It's so poor, all night it's so bad. How can you be that bad? You've probably been f*****g paid. F*****g corruption." Express Sport has contacted both UEFA and West Ham United for further comment on the matter. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick has got his position on Hannibal all wrong Rice, who is now expected to face strong disciplinary action, showcased a battling performance in West Ham's losing effort, maintaining 81 per cent possession, completing 29 passes, making five interceptions and finding a teammate with four of his six long balls. However, there will likely be a significant fine coming his way for his behaviour towards the referee in the aftermath. Thursday night presented an explosive end to what will ultimately be deemed a somewhat disappointing season for Moyes' side. After narrowly missing out on Champions League football last term, they are even further away this time around and could be destined for the Europa Conference League. READ MORE: Man Utd outcast Eric Bailly could make Premier League stay West Ham are currently seventh in the Premier League, six points behind Manchester United in the final Europa League spot. However, eighth-place Wolves have a game in hand and would go level on points with the east London outfit if they win it. The defeat in Frankfurt was a fourth on the bounce after losing the first leg and falling short against Chelsea and Arsenal in the Premier League. Moyes has guided his men to just one win in their last eight outings in all competitions, so they must regroup to avoid a calamitous final month. Next up is already-relegated Norwich City on Sunday, which presents a prime opportunity to get back on track. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.