Prince Harry was always considered one of the most popular members of the Royal Family, so it came as a shock to many when he and his wife Meghan Markle decided to step down from their working royal roles in 2020. Since leaving the Royal Family, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have given television interviews about their experiences within 'the Firm' and have expressed how happy they are now living in California. And based on body language analysis, it certainly seems to be the case that the couple are happier now. Harry and Meghan have kept their public appearances to a minimum in recent years aside from the occasional TV or event appearance, such as at the Invictus Games earlier this year. But when the couple have been spotted out and about in public, they seem to have truly settled into LA life with their beloved children Archie and Lilibet. With Harry leaving behind the only life he'd ever known, many might have thought he would be unhappy leaving the Royal Family behind and starting again in the US. But the couple has looked as loved-up as ever during outings over the last year, including their trips to New York to visit the One World Trade Center, the Global Citizen Live concert and the Salute to Freedom Gala.  READ MORE: 'Great sports' Charles and Camilla knock back pints in Canada Body language expert Judi James told Express.co.uk: "I would say there is no doubt Harry and Meghan have been happier since moving to the US. Although that might appear to be a given - owing to the birth of their children and their idyllic life away from all the pressures and problems they griped long and hard about during various interviews - there was always a risk that Harry, in particular, might have suddenly missed the family he was once so close to, or the royal privilege and public adoration he was used to seeing as his right." According to the expert, Prince Harry seems to have "thrived the most" following the Sussexes' relocation to the US. Ms James explained: "There can also be a problem when re-location and a new lifestyle fail to have the effect on a relationship that was hoped. "With all the external stresses and anguish removed in one fell swoop, it can be possible for the negative emotions to turn inward and re-focus on the relationship itself, especially as this relationship, like every other one, would have been placed under an intense microscope thanks to the isolation of lockdown.  "The words ‘I gave everything up to be here with you’ could easily have haunted this marriage. "So their body language signals should be something of a relief to fans. The tactile expressions of love have changed very little since the earliest days of their relationship and Meghan looks as confident and upbeat as ever. It’s Harry who seems to have thrived the most." Although Harry and Meghan now appear delighted with their US lifestyle, they signalled their wish to return to the royal fold earlier this year by confirming their attendance at the Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month. There was speculation over whether the Sussexes would attend the landmark event after they didn't attend Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey in March with other royals. DON'T MISS:Royal POLL: Should Netflix push Meghan and Harry for content? [POLL]Meghan Markle has 'no regard' for Royal Family dress code [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle's 'clever' wedding dress held sweet 'little details' [PICTURES]  The Sussexes have also been critical of the Royal Family since leaving their working royal roles behind, most notably during an interview with US TV host Oprah Winfrey last March. But it is understood the Platinum Jubilee celebrations will be the first time the Queen has met her namesake baby Lilibet, while it will also mark the first time the Royal Family has seen Archie in person since he was a baby. Prince Harry is understood to have made two brief solo visits to the UK since the Covid pandemic began; once for Prince Philip's funeral in April 2021 and on another occasion in July 2021 to mark what would have been Princess Diana's 60th birthday. Harry and Meghan briefly returned to the UK together for the first time earlier this year while en route to The Hague for the Invictus Games, but they did not bring their two children to meet the Queen. 