Mark Charnock, 53, has taken to social media to issue a warning to fans on his Twitter account. The star has explained that an imposter has made a fake Facebook account pretending to be him.  He posted the message to his 187,800 followers. Mark said: “Sounds like this individual pretending to be me on Facebook is still going strong. “Many thanks to those who’ve reported them. “Just to reiterate, if you are following me on Facebook…you aren’t. Please avoid them. Fanks! Xx” READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain Fans took to the post to share their thoughts on the situation. @Littlevienna joked: “What!? I’ve just arranged to go and see Downton Abbey at the pictures with them! “They said they’d buy the popcorn! I should’ve known it wasn’t you - you never buy snacks!” Mark replied playfully: “I’m essentially MADE of popcorn. Go anyway and have a polite word, will you?  “And I absolutely PROMISE to give you a MASSIVE bag of popcorn upon our next encounter.” Samantha Giles wrote: “I’m afraid Fb don’t seem to take any responsibility for this kind of thing. “I had someone stealing content off my fb page which is public, and then trying to scam money from people. FB did NOTHING!” Mark replied saying: “Pathetic. Absolutely pathetic. X” DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] @AydenCallaghan wrote: “Damn, wish I’d seen this before I sent the requested pictures…” @Chrisflanghan23 also joked: “Now you tell me…” @Tullock_wendy said: “It’s hard to know who’s real and who’s not real these days.” Mark Charnock is best known for his role in ITV’s Emmerdale.  The star has played Marlon Dingle since 1996. Earlier this month, it was reported that Mark had to undergo extensive preparation in order to accurately portray Marlon, who had a stroke on the show. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media outlets, the actor revealed the "intense time" he went through behind-the-scenes of the storyline. Mark said the preparation process was “exhausting”. However, he added he felt honoured to have been chosen to represent real life people who have suffered strokes. He said: “It's been exhausting and it's been very, very intense. “Everything is obviously highly emotional, highly charged, every moment is absolutely crucial. So it is all high stakes. “The cast have been fantastic and it's been a very rewarding thing to be a part of.” 