The customer was at The Junction in Harborne, Birmingham, for a 76th birthday celebration - but took to Tripadvisor to say their visit was "extremely disappointing". They alleged there were "rude staff" and a "lack of accountability and immature outlook from the managers". A restaurant boss replied to say that the customer's behaviour "isn't tolerated" at the establishment. Helen, the general manager, said "supply chain issues" meant the roast chicken option was not available during the family's visit, Birmingham Live reports. She said The Junction, which has more than 200 "excellent" or "very good" reviews on Tripadviser, would not welcome the group back in the future.The original review said: "Arrived for our father’s 76th birthday celebration to be told that there was hardly any Sunday roasts left, let alone other food on the menu to choose from. "Rude staff, lack of accountability and immature outlook from the managers and poorly judged customer service all round. Extremely disappointing. "Naïve business sense and embarrassing for all involved. We have been drinking in this pub for years, wanted to show loyalty by making a dinner booking, expected great things and to experience this today was low moment for The Junction."  Helen replied: "Hi. Unfortunately on the day of your visit we didn't have our chicken roast available. Due to supply chain issues his was out of our hands. "However we did have other roast options and our normal menu dishes available as your server tried to explain to you at your table. "I'm really disappointed to see you've commented about our team being rude. Throughout your short visit to us the team tried their best to provide you with the great service we offer to all of our guests, however your treatment towards the team left one of them in tears and the rest discouraged by your attitude towards them. "This kind of behaviour towards the team isn't tolerated, as I explained to you on the day, and certainly won't be welcomed in the future. Regards, Helen." The Junction, which is in one of the most affluent areas of Birmingham, has been praised for its food and atmosphere in many of its positive reviews. One woman, who visited last month, wrote: "Proper Sunday roast dinner in a character pub. Great menu, something for everyone; roast chicken, pork belly, beef, nut roast for the vegetarian. "Friendly, helpful staff. All-in-all, an enjoyable experience."  