Antony Cotton, 46, who plays Sean Tully in the ITV soap, caused a stir when he took to Twitter with a snap of co-star Dame Maureen Lipman. The actor later rushed to delete the snap of Maureen, 76, celebrating with a birthday cake after spilling vital show details. The actress and writer celebrated her special day on set, and posed for photos taken by her adoring co-star on Tuesday afternoon. However, Antony's tribute was subsequently removed from his Twitter page after he hinted a wedding will happen in upcoming episodes of Corrie. "We're away filming a Coronation Street wedding, so we've had bubbles and cake in celebration," he wrote. No wedding plans have been made between the soap's beloved characters as of yet, no doubt leaving fans confused over what to expect. READ MORE: Deborah James in tears as she talks leaving children behind Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Corrie for comment. A wedding has already taken place on the ITV soap recently - as Toyah (played by Georgia Taylor) and Imran (Charlie De Melo) got hitched. Last year, Corrie star Antony was said to have signed a “big money” deal to remain on the soap. He has played Sean Tully on the ITV show since July 2003 and is still loving his time portraying his character on the famous cobbles. "I have just signed a new contract,” Antony told the Daily Star Sunday, he confirmed that he would be staying for the long-run. “I’ve always said that if they’re happy for me to be there, then I’m happy to be there. If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. “I feel that even more nowadays because some work is thin on the ground. I am very lucky to be in a job.” Before Coronation Street, he shot to fame in 1999 playing Alexander on Channel 4's Queer as Folk. DONT MISS:Deborah James' ‘rapid decline’ as family have to carry her to toilet (PHOTOS)'Sleeps on piles of gold!' The Chase stars mock Bradley Walsh's salary (NEWS)Jeremy Clarkson left struggling to stay well as he talks health issues (LATEST) Antony has also appeared in several episodes of Absolutely Fabulous and once had his own ITV chat show, That Antony Cotton Show. Meanwhile, actress Maureen was made a dame in the Queen's birthday honours back in 2020 after a long TV career. She has also appeared in Coronation Street on and off since 2002 and was well known for her role in the BT adverts of the 1980s. The Dame recently admitted she is considering going under the knife after looking at recent footage of herself on an ITV job. But Maureen is frightened to death of a botched job as she wants to improve the “two sacks” under her eyes. After seeing a clip of herself under unflattering lighting, the actress said on Lorraine: “I thought, ‘My God, you’re growing to look like a peregrine falcon, Maureen, with a disproportionate beak.' “What can I do? Everyone’s having stuff injected into their faces... I’m frightened to death - I know what would happen. "It would all coagulate in one place," she added. Elsewhere, the star has banned Coronation Street bosses from putting her in sex scenes, as she insisted that her character on the soap would never remove her vest. Before joining the long-running soap the actress worked extensively in theatre, including being a part of the Royal Shakespeare Company.