Midsomer Murders sees a Detective Chief Inspector and his young Sergeant investigate murders around the regional community of Midsomer County. John Nettles played DCI Tom Barnaby for 14 years before stepping away from the crime drama in 2011. Now, over a decade later, he and some of the show's past and current stars will come together to look back at the show's long and successful history.  Leaving the long-running ITV show after starring in 81 episodes, John, 78, went on to appear in Poldark and Toast of London. For the first time since 2011, he will be joining his successor, Neil Dudgeon, on the small screen. John is set to appear in a Midsomer Murders 25th anniversary special that will air later this year titled Midsomer Murders - 25 Years of Mayhem. The "landmark documentary" will celebrate "over two decades of one of Britain's best-loved and most enduring crime dramas". Read More: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue from final scene  ITV has said: "Midsomer Murders - 25 Years of Mayhem will shine a light on the fictional English county of Midsomer, looking at the numerous mysterious crimes and murders to befall it, as well as paying tribute to the exceptional on and off-screen talent who have played pivotal roles in keeping millions of viewers glued to their screens since 1997." The behind-the-scenes documentary will give fans a glimpse of what goes on while filming and is set to showcase the production of upcoming series 23. The "trip down memory lane" will also take viewers on a "Midsomer coach tour looking back at some of the show's iconic locations, paying homage to the beautiful but equally deadly English countryside, which has played such a huge part in the success of the series." John and Neil will also be joined by a host of recognisable key cast members for the one-off special. The episode will see the likes of Nick Hendrix, who plays the role of Detective Sergeant Jamie Winter, Daniel Casey, who played DS Gavin Troy and Jane Wymark, who played Joyce Barnaby all return to the show. The show is known for its unpredictable plots, unique characters and darkly humorous moments. Although Midsomer Murders is understood as being "quintessentially British", the show has had global success. Midsomer Murders has accrued a loyal fanbase in over 200 countries and territories. DON’T MISS…'Bit of a surprise' Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [LATEST]Law and Order SVU fans call for Barba return to be made permanent after finale bombshell[LATEST]Raven Owen age: How old is Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen's daughter? [LATEST]   The documentary will transport viewers back to the show's early days and how the series jumped from the pages of Caroline Graham's Chief Inspector Barnaby books to the small screen. Painting a timeline of the popular show, it will showcase kick-starting with the first episode – The Killings At Badger's Drift – and one of the first deaths on the series, Emily Simpson (Renée Asherson). Eagle-eyed viewers of Midsomer Murders will have spotted several Hollywood celebrities who appeared in the show ahead of their blockbuster careers, thrusting them into the spotlight. Orlando Bloom appeared in an episode titled Judgement Day in the role of Peter Drinkwater back in 2000. Just one year before his first outing as Legolas in the Lord of the Rings film series.  Superman actor Henry Cavill also stepped foot into the county of Midsomer in 2003 as Simon Mayfield. Henry went on to appear in The Tudors, Man of Steel and The Witcher. Details of when the anniversary special will air are yet to be released, but 2022 marks the 25-year milestone, so fans can expect to see it at some point this year. Midsomer Murders seasons 1-22 are available to watch on ITV Hub.