Johnny Depp’s former lover Ellen Barkin told the court today that the actor was “jealous” and “drunk all the time,” claiming he once threw a wine bottle in her direction during a fight. The actress testified in Johnny’s defamation trial against Amber Heard. In her testimony, recorded back in 2019 during Johnny’s libel trial against The Sun, Barkin said she became friends with Johnny in 1994 when they filmed Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas together. She said their relationship turned “sexual” and they would met up several times a week. But, she claimed, things turned nasty one day when she was with Johnny and his friends in a hotel room. Barkin told the court Johnny got into an argument with one of his friends, and she claimed he threw a wine bottle across the room. Barkin said the bottle didn’t hit anyone, but claimed it was thrown in the direction of her and his friends. She also described him as “just a jealous man, controlling”. “Where are you going? Who are you going with? What did you do last night?” she claimed he would ask. Barkin also claimed that Johnny once became furious because she had a small scratch on her back, believing it was from sex with another person. “He got very angry as he insisted that it came from someone I must have had sex with that wasn’t him,” she testified. She also claimed to the court that he was “drunk a lot of the time”, using hallucinogens, cocaine and marijuana, as well as drinking a lot of red wine. Barkin added that it was Johnny who called off their romance after several months of dating. Her testimony was recorded when Johnny sued The Sun for libel in 2018 for calling him a “wife-beater” in an article, a case he eventually lost in 2020. DON'T MISS...Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [VIDEO]Jane Fonda, 84, admits her 'favourite ex-husband' became a 'handful' [ADMISSION]Victoria Beckham shares her heartbreak over family's 'new chapter' [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, Bruce Witkin, a musician who was friends with Johnny for nearly four decades, also took to the stand in a video deposition today. He claimed Johnny had a “jealous streak” and was particularly envious of fellow actor Nicholas Cage and musician Adam Ant. “A lot of it was in his head and not reality,” Witkin said of Johnny’s alleged fears that his partners were being unfaithful. Witkin also claimed he saw bruises on Johnny’s ex-wife Amber Heard’s arm when they were working on a documentary about Keith Richards. Johnny has denied ever being violent towards Amber, and has admitted to abusing substances for decades. He is suing Amber for writing a 2018 Washington Post op ed in which she claimed to be a domestic violence survivor. She didn’t name him, but he says he was the implied perpetrator and that it destroyed his career. The trial continues.