Ulrika Jonsson, 54, has weighed in on the shock reaction to Conservative MP Neil Parish, who has admitted to watching pornography in the House of Commons chamber. The TV presenter said the Tory MP's actions prove that “he’s human”, although she insisted she did not approve of “his lack of respect for women”. Ulrika reflected on the “vast amount” of pornography watched by people at home and at work. She added: “So, a sad, bored, sleazy bloke who represents a constituency, searching on his phone for filth only proves he’s human and fallible. And probably desperate for sex. “Of course I don’t approve. And I don’t mean to play down his lack of respect for women and his workplace.” The Celebs Go Dating star went on: “But be grateful he was sitting down. “Imagine if he stood up to speak and was found to be having a General Election," she quipped in her latest column for The Sun. Following the scandal, Neil confirmed he was resigning as MP for Tiverton and Honiton in Devon. In an interview with the BBC on Saturday, he admitted to watching pornography twice in the House of Commons. Neil described his actions as a “moment of madness” as he attempted to explain the situation. He added: “I was not proud of what I was doing.” Neil said the first time was accidental, after looking at tractors, but the second time was deliberate. He was suspended by the Conservative Party on Friday over the accusations. Two senior female colleagues claimed they had seen him looking at adult content on his phone while sitting near them. DON'T MISS...Simon Cowell admits struggle to recognise himself after years of Botox [INSIGHT]Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [ANALYSIS]Ulrika Jonsson says she knows 'how Helen Skelton feels' after split [UPDATE] Speaking to BBC South West, the MP explained: "The situation was that - funnily enough it was tractors I was looking at. "I did get into another website that had a very similar name and I watched it for a bit which I shouldn't have done. "But my crime - biggest crime - is that on another occasion I went in a second time.” Asked if that was intentional, he said: “That was deliberate... that was sitting waiting to vote on the side of the chamber.” He admitted: "What I did was absolutely wrong." The politician was visibly emotional as he revealed he was resigning from his position. He highlighted the damage the controversy was causing his family, constituency and local association. He said: “I was wrong, I was stupid, I lost sense of mind.”