Laurence Fox isn’t the only one coming under fire for controversial comments he made about Meghan Markle, as his famous cousins are reportedly having to deal with the backlash too. It’s reported that Laurence’s cousin Freddie Fox, who starred in the recent ITV drama White House Farm, was “spat at in the street”, while Silent Witness star Emilia Fox has had to deal with trolling online. Sources told the Mail on Sunday: “Emilia and Freddie are quite sensitive and rarely air their views in public. “Now they have been dragged into this argument and they don’t know how to deal with it.” Noting Freddie’s success as Jeremy Bamber in White House Farm – his performance has won praise from critics – they added: “Freddie should be basking in the glory, instead he’s wiping spit off his face.” Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Freddie and Emilia to comment. READ MORE:Penny Lancaster unveils ageless looks at Prince's Trust Awards Emilia was there to support Laurence when he split from his ex-wife, Doctor Who star Billie Piper, after eight years of marriage in 2016. The former couple share sons Winston and Eugene together. "I have seen Loz and I love him and will be as supportive and there for him always. We are very close," said Emilia when asked about the divorce at the time. "I think the wonderful thing about family is that we are all there for each other and always will be, through good times and bad times." The cousins were back on-screen together in the first series of Celebrity Gogglebox and were a hit with viewers back in 2019. However, Laurence, who previously said he has been sent death threats, raised eyebrows when he suggested that being branded a “white privileged man” is racist. He appeared on Question Time, where he clashed with an audience member who argued that Meghan has been a victim of racism. He interrupted and suggested that “playing the racism card” is getting “boring”. DONT MISS:'Ain't bringing us down' Rebekah Vardy's texts to Jamie about Rooneys (PHOTOS)Michael Sheen, 53, welcomes second baby with Anna Lundberg, 27 (NEWS)Coleen Rooney's Instagram messages SHE claims snared Rebekah Vardy (LATEST) Laurence said: “It’s not racism. No it’s not. We’re the most tolerant, lovely country in Europe. It’s so easy to throw the card of racism at everybody and it’s really starting to get boring now.” The audience member hit back: “What worries me about your comment is, you are a white privileged male who has no experience in this.” The Lewis star – a member of the Fox theatre dynasty who attended the elite fee-paying Harrow School – was having none of it, adding: “I can’t help what I am, I was born like this, it’s an immutable characteristic so to call me a white privileged male is to be racist, you’re being racist.” Laurence then took aim at war epic 1917 and claimed the movie, directed by Sam Mendes, is "forcing diversity" on filmgoers by including a Sikh soldier in the film. This is despite many Sikhs serving in the British Indian Army during World War I, with many losing their lives. Speaking to Breitbart London’s executive editor James Delingpole on his podcast The Delingpod, Laurence said: “It’s very heightened awareness of the colour of someone’s skin because of the oddness in the casting. Even in 1917, they’ve done it with a Sikh soldier. Laurence soon issued an apology via Twitter, after learning one in six WW1 soldiers were Indian, with one in five being Sikh, and that 74,000 Indian soldiers died in the war. He wrote: “Fellow humans who are #Sikhs. I am as moved by the sacrifices your relatives made as I am by the loss of all those who die in war, whatever creed or colour.