Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola will not allow Gabriel Jesus to leave the club this summer, according to transfer expert Gianluca Di Marzio. The news could be a huge blow to Arsenal's summer plans. Arsenal are keen on signing Jesus, who is out of contract at the Etihad at the end of next season. Since the Gunners' interest surfaced, the Brazilian has scored six goals in three appearances for City. He has started all three of those matches, giving him the game time that he craves in a World Cup year. Arsenal are set to sign at least one striker in the summer, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract. City are set to sign a forward of their own in the shape of Borussia Dortmund sensation Erling Haaland. But Di Marzio says that will not automatically trigger the exit of Jesus. READ MORE: Pulisic backed for West Ham move as Chelsea ace told he wouldn't play at Arsenal  Speaking to wettfreunde, Di Marzio said: “Seeing him (Jesus) playing against Real Madrid, I don't think Guardiola will allow him to leave, even if they sign Haaland. Which they will, because they are very, very close. "They still need another striker. A different type of striker. Haaland is a different type.” “He (Gabriel Jesus) will stay, because it's difficult to find a player like him. Manchester City doesn't need to sell a player in order to get funds to buy another player. "They have the possibility to buy all the players they want." Di Marzio says Jesus' attitude could affect his future at City and whether he would be prepared to play alongside Haaland. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo drops Man Utd transfer hint with three-word message to TV camera [REACTION]Arsenal could finally sign Arthur Melo as Juventus ‘plan swap deal’ involving Gunners ace [GOSSIP]Man Utd’s asking price for Cristiano Ronaldo is far too low ahead of Erik ten Hag arrival [OPINION]  He added: "It depends on Gabriel Jesus in the end and if he is okay with playing less with Haaland coming. It depends on his attitude, knowing another incredible striker like Haaland will arrive. "When Jack Grealish arrived last year for 100 million, Gabriel Jesus stayed, and now he's playing and Grealish is on the bench. So nobody knows if Haaland will arrive and play immediately, and be one of the 'untouchable' strikers of Guardiola. "You never know with him (Guardiola). If you don't do the right tactical movements that Guardiola wants, then you stay on the bench. "I think Gabriel Jesus is in the perfect situation now in Guardiola's system. He understands, probably for the first time, what Guardiola is asking him to do.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here