Nationalist conservative allies who have at times even shared the same ruler, and today represent the counterweight to the progressivism and internationalism not just of Brussels but the Anglo-Saxon world too. The two countries have butted heads repeatedly against the EU in recent times, while the cultural Iron Curtain which divides the bloc between a traditionalist east and progressive west has been cemented by the recent electoral victories of Viktor Orbán in Hungary and Emmanuel Macron in France. It should be noted then that any division between Budapest and Warsaw over the war in Ukraine will be music to Brussels’ ears, and Moscow’s too perhaps. For years, Poland tolerated the more nuanced position Hungary took towards Russia but now patience with its ally may be wearing thin. The divide was notable when leaders from the Czech Republic and Slovenia joined Poland’s leaders in a visit to Kyiv shortly after the conflict began. Absent was a delegation from Hungary (or Slovakia). Now, an EU plan to ban oil imports from Russia has been rejected by Hungary, with Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto warning it would “obliterate” his country’s energy security. But Hungary is not alone. Polish allies the Czech Republic and Slovakia are also sceptical, which both relying on the Druzhba pipeline through Ukraine to import Russian crude. For Poland, this is a delicate balancing act. On the one hand, Warsaw is perhaps the loudest European voice against what it sees as longstanding Russian aggression. On the other, Poland needs to solidify its alliance with the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia as it readies for a further round of battles with Brussels, and – given that Ukraine is unlikely to be let into NATO or the EU anytime soon – may need its regional partners for a new European alliance between Brussels and Moscow. The fact is that attitudes towards the conflict in Ukraine in much of central and eastern Europe are becoming more nuanced. As Eastern Europe expert William Nattrass said: "Scepticism about the Western effort against Russia isn’t hard to find outside large cities in Central Europe, with four-fifths of Czechs thinking no more should be done to help Ukraine’s war effort. “A third of Slovaks believe war in Ukraine was provoked by the West, and a similar proportion buy Russia’s claim that Ukraine committed genocide against Russian minorities in the East.  "Slovakia’s leaders are condemned as traitors to the nation in pro-Putin social media groups which have whipped up a storm of anti-Ukraine sentiment online.” The truth is that while Poland’s relations with its western European partners are at best an alliance of convenience, its relations with its central and eastern European neighbours represent a much closer alliance of shared values. Despite the recent divide between Budapest and Warsaw over Ukraine therefore, the two countries will have too much in common to allow it to come between them. Meanwhile, the positions of the Czech Republic and Slovakia suggest Hungary is not as much of an outlier as many suggest. Ultimately Budapest and Poland have an interest in a stable, peaceful and democratic Europe, but for Hungary and Poland this also means a Europe where their conservative nationalist values are safeguarded. Budapest and Warsaw know it would be a gift both to Brussels and, to some extent, Moscow, for this alliance to crack up. It would also be detrimental to Kyiv, given that any future Ukraine has in European defence will surely be centred around its neighbours. Whatever divide has opened up between Hungary and Poland then, their friendship is unlikely to be irreparably broken. 