Sadly in 1989, Quayle’s agent Laurence Evans informed the Associated Press about the death of the beloved actor. He died on the 20th of October 1989 after suffering from cancer for several weeks, which he wasn’t admitted to the hospital for. He was reportedly diagnosed with liver cancer but only during these final weeks of life. READ MORE: Do you have visceral fat? The hidden risk could be revealed by the number of loo trips Liver cancer is the 18th most common cancer in the UK, according to Cancer Research UK. There are roughly 6,200 new cases per year, meaning that it accounts for 2 percent of new cancer cases, as per Cancer Research UK statistics between 2016 and 2018. There are several types of liver cancer but the most common form is hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Other forms include hepatoblastoma, intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma, and hemangiosarcoma. DON'T MISS:Fatty liver: The sweetener known to cause scarring of the liver [INFORMER]Dementia: If you ‘crave’ three foods you may have dementia [INSIGHT]High blood pressure: The smell 'frequently' reported among patients [INSIGHT]  HHC most often occurs in people that have chronic liver diseases, such as cirrhosis cases, which can be caused by hepatitis infections or excessive consumption of alcohol. Cirrhosis is scarring of the liver, which prevents it from working properly, explains the NHS. So if you have a history of cirrhosis, hepatitis or fatty liver disease it is important to be aware of the symptoms. Over 20 years between 1997 to 2016, deaths from HCC have tripled among poorer members of society, according to the National Cancer Research Institute. There were 62,125 cases of primary liver cancer between 1997 and 2016.    The Mayo Clinic explains that most people won’t have signs of the disease during the early stages of its progression. But if there are any signs, they may include the following: The NHS suggests there are symptoms that can lead to digestion problems as well. Feeling sick, pain on the right side of your tummy, indigestion, or a swollen tummy are also symptoms of the disease.   Like other cancers, liver cancer can be treated using chemotherapy and radiotherapy. If the cancer is found early, it may also be treated with surgery. This will involve removing part of the liver or the whole organ. If the whole organ is taken, it will need replacing. 