With the cross rail line now open, Grant Shapps was eager to talk about the Elizabeth line on Good Morning Britain. But after images of Boris Johnson raising a glass in Downing Street were leaked by ITV News, Richard Madeley wanted to ask about the Sue Gray report and partygate. Shapps became stroppy as the hosts insisted they didn’t have time to talk about the new tube line. “I’m not seeking to defend,” Shapps stated. “As I’ve said to you, I’m quite angry, or at least I was, about all of this. “The things is, we’ve known about all of this for many, many months now and I also see there are huge issues facing this country, many of which this Prime Minister has provided extraordinary leadership on, both coronavirus and now the war in Ukraine where President Zelensky says he leads the world. “And it’s frustrating obviously to come onto this programme and wanting to talk about some of those big things including what I was booked for, the opening of the Underground line. “I understand we now don’t have time.” READ MORE: Piers Morgan defends Meghan and Harry during Prince Andrew row Madeley snapped: “We’ve covered that adequately on the programme.” “But not with the Transport Secretary,” Shapps hit back. Madeley shut him down: “Look, we’re out of time sir.” It came after Madeley quizzed Sadiq Khan, who was at Farringdon station for the opening of the Elizabeth line, about partygate too. Instead of focussing on the new tube line, Madeley asked: “What do you say to messages like this? “This is quite a significant amount of messages we’ve had on this programme this morning. We’ve had a lot of people criticising Boris Johnson saying he has to go. “But let me read out two because these are typical of the other side of the coin. “Gibb on Twitter says in capital letters, ‘No one cares anymore. Stop with this rubbish. A few pictures don’t explain what was going on.’ DON'T MISS...Elizabeth line map journey times - how long your journey will take [EXPLAINER]Elizabeth line 'to be catalyst to bring people back to London' [INSIGHT]Inside gruesome 'plague pit' uncovered during work for Elizabeth Line [INSIGHT] “Steven on email, ‘Who cares? People were flaunting the rules all over the UK. Move on.’ “A lot of those messages of people saying move on, what do you say to those people who feel like that?” Khan answered it was “really important” to reassure those who had followed the rules knew those who broke them were held to account. “We live in a civilised society here Richard, we govern by consent, we police by consent, if the most powerful person in the country who is making the rules, is breaking the rules, it impacts the very fabric of how we in a democracy, we in a civilised society live,” Khan stated. “It is important. Those in positions of power and influence are held to high standards and when we appear to have broken the rules, there is a proper investigation. “This transparency, it does matter. “We have to make sure these rule makers aren’t rule breakers. The hypocrisy causes real questions.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.