English actor Trevor Eve has become best known for antagonising the powerful Spellbound witch Diana Bishop (played by Teresa Palmer) throughout three seasons of Sky’s popular fantasy drama. Now A Discovery of Witches has reached its legendary conclusion, Trevor has revealed some surprising details about his performance as Gerbert. Trevor confirmed he made a specific costume request in order to properly portray the ancient vampire and Congregation member. Throughout the three seasons of A Discovery of Witches, Gerbert makes a number of alliances to menace Diana and destroy the family of Matthew Clairmont (Matthew Goode). In the original novels by Deborah Harkness which formed the basis for the series, Gerbert is over 1,000 years old and was previously known as Pope Sylvester II. While fans didn’t get to see his history as a powerful religious leader, Trevor revealed he included subtle hints to his mysterious past with his choice of footwear. READ MORE: The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 theory: Serena Joy avenges Fred’s death “It was the red socks,” the actor explained. “Because he was Pope, I found the company that makes the Pope’s socks.” The series doesn’t spend a lot of time looking at Gerbert’s feet, but some brief glimpses confirm they match the papal red he often wears underneath his vampiric black suits. Although the show’s costume department provided all the characters a superb wardrobe, especially during its Elizabethan-set second season, Trevor made one tweak of his own to ensure his outfit was picture perfect. At a Q&A for the Sky series, he said: “My one request to the wonderful costume department was, ‘Could I please wear the socks made by the Pope’s sock makers, the red ones?’ “Whether that made me still or not, I don’t know,” he added on how the costume detail affected his physical performance as the vampire. The papal dress code has remained roughly the same for the last 2,000 years, and Gerbert often gestures towards his religious past with elegant, black robes. However, the signature red socks were the icing on the cake for Trevor to fully embody the creature of the night who once felt at home as the head of the Vatican City. Trevor also explained how he managed to portray an all-powerful vampire without the benefit of special effects to enhance his performance. DON'T MISS:Dan Wootton rages at ‘woke’ FA who want Three Lions banned [COMMENT]The Last Kingdom’s Aelswith star recalls Alexander's final scene [INTERVIEW]Outlander boss shares disappointing update on season 7 episodes [UPDATE] “Vampires were meant to move really fast, they had the strength of I don’t know how many men,” he continued. Although Matthew frequently uses his speed and strength to aid Diana’s mission, Gerbert rarely uses his vampiric abilities to spread his influence across the Congregation. Trevor admitted: “I felt that he didn’t really need to do anything. “Juan Carlos Medina, the first director, gave me a wonderful note when I was calling to someone who’d walked out of the room.” “He said ‘you don’t have to call, because you can hear everything. You don’t have to shout, don’t do anything because your senses are so highly developed.’ “So, maybe he’s like a sort of pigeon? Pigeons can see everything at a fraction of a second so for him he didn’t need to move fast.” Gerbert’s reign of terror has come to an end, for now, although the next novel in Deborah’s All Souls world, The Serpent's Mirror, is expected to be released later this year. A Discovery of Witches is available to stream on Sky Go and NOW.