Hollywood A-Listers Helen Mirren and Harrison Ford were recently confirmed to lead the next chapter in the Yellowstone saga in an announcement which shocked and excited fans of the Western phenomenon. As the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star gears up to play another iconic role, Beth Dutton star Kelly has sung the praises of the first actress she starred with years before signing on to the Paramount Network smash hit. British actress Kelly has recalled working alongside Helen in Prime Suspect when she was first starting out as a teenage star. In one of her first-ever credited roles, she appeared as Polly Henry in two episodes of the crime drama, Inner Circles and The Scent of Darkness. “Helen Mirren is someone who I did my very, very first TV job with called Prime Suspect when I was 16 years old,” she said. Kelly added: “She was the first professional actor I worked with.” READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? “She was incredible, she was fierce and brilliant and everything I wanted to be as an actor. You know, full of courage and heart.” Helen has become one of the most decorated actresses over the course of her career, winning an Academy Award, three Golden Globes and four BAFTAs across film and television. She has won numerous accolades for her work on Prime Suspect, which introduced Kelly to the screen over two decades before she became part of Taylor Sheridan’s gripping Western franchise. After Tim McGraw, Faith Hill and Sam Elliott joined the Yellowstone throng for 1883, the universe will now expand even further with two more screen greats picking up the story half a century later. Kelly revealed she wants to be part of 1932, though she conceded it would be impossible for her character to appear almost 100 years in the past. She continued: “The fact that she is such a big fan of the Yellowstone universe and their writing — I mean who isn’t of this writing because it’s so juicy. “And the fact that she’s now going to be playing one of Beth Dutton’s ancestors…it’s a really sweet thing. And I’m so excited to see it.” Little is known about Helen and Harrison’s characters so far, though Kelly has confirmed they will indeed be portraying past members of the Dutton clan. DON'T MISS:This Is Us’ Mandy Moore pays tribute to co-star after finale [INSIGHT]NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey pens tribute to cast [COMMENT]Outlander’s Sophie Skelton on Brianna scene ‘pulled’ from series [INTERVIEW] Details are being kept under wraps by now, with Paramount only offering a vague synopsis to tide fans over until more is revealed. Their statement reads: “The next story will introduce a new generation of the Dutton family and explore the early twentieth century. “Pandemics, historic drought, the end of Prohibition, and the Great Depression all plague the mountain west, and the Duttons who call it home.” As 1883 was revealed to have been a one-off series by its finale, it’s possible 1932 will go the same route and Helen and Harrison will just be around for one season. Harrison is fresh from filming the fifth instalment of the Indiana Jones franchise, while Helen will next be appearing in a blockbuster of her own, Shazam! Fury of the Gods. Meanwhile, Kelly will be back alongside Kevin Costner soon enough as filming finally began on the highly anticipated fifth season of the mainline Yellowstone series this month. Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network on November 13.