With energy bills, food prices and the cost of living going through the roof, many people are looking for new ways to make savings. Anyone on a low income might be able to shave £500 off their water bill. Energy bills and council tax bills may be rising but there are other ways people can save money. When it comes to looking at the household budget to see where savings can be made, water bills are often overlooked. People on Universal Credit and other benefits can apply for a cap on their water bill. Lower income families can apply for the WaterSure scheme which could help them save up to £500 a year, depending on where they live in the UK. READ MORE: Virgin Money launches new prize draw where customers can go on safari  Who qualifies for the WaterSure scheme? Families with three or more children under the age of 19 living at home who they receive child benefit for. Households will need to have a water meter installed already. People who can prove they have a medical condition they need additional water for. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak announces pensioners to get £300 payment [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak announcement: Full list of handouts for Britons [ALERT]What are legacy benefits? Each benefit boosted by Sunak spending [INSIGHT] Additional financial help is also available from the individual water companies. How much help someone could receive depends on which company supplies the water in the area. Some people may also benefit from having a water meter installed if they don’t have one already. However, not everyone saves with a water meter. Martin Lewis regularly reminds people to check whether they should get a water meter to save as much as £500 a year. The general rule of thumb is if there are fewer people than bedrooms, people may save money with a water meter. Express.co.uk recently published 20 ways Britons can save on their bills. Readers can also save on their water bills by having shorter showers and trying to encourage family members to stick to five or 10 minutes. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It’s cheaper to shower than have a bath if it’s done in less than 15 minutes as a 15-minute shower will use almost the same amount of water as a bath. Replacing leaky taps can also save up to £100 a year. People can also claim freebies from their water companies, designed to help them save money. Some water companies offer accessories to manage water flow, showerheads that distribute the flow more efficiently and shower timers.