BBC Breakfast presenters Rachel Burden and Ben Thompson dedicated a large section of Sunday's instalment of the news programme to discuss the Eurovision Song Contest Grand Final. The presenters told viewers about Ukraine's heartwarming win and the UK's entry, Sam Ryder, becoming the runner-up. However, some viewers lashed out on social media over the coverage which they thought went on for too long.  One viewer who took to Twitter to vent their frustration over the coverage was @UnInterlocutor, who fumed: "18 minutes. #BBCBreakfast spent 18 minutes from the top of the hour talking about a talent show. "Their second story - a mass shooting event with a racist murdering 10 people. Priorities." (sic) Hugh Edwards added: "It seems ridiculous to ask you about Eurovision says Rachel Burden. "Yes, it is utterly ridiculous that the BBC has spent the first 15 minutes on its dedicated News Channel talking about nothing else. I’m switching to #skynews again. #bbcbreakfast" READ MORE: 'Nul points!' Fans furious as Mika mimes on Eurovision @Liarpolitician4, who also hit out at the coverage, said: "@rachelburden and @BBCBenThompson. The UK only came second in last night's #Eurovision because the senile "professional jury" is tone-deaf. The public vote gave the UK few points for their dirge compared to many other countries." Mr Parker remarked: "#BBCBreakfast is inexplicably obsessed with Eurovision." Despite the backlash, many other viewers were riding on the Eurovision wave following Ukraine's win. @NewPaulHearn said: "Uplifting to hear a #UkrainianArmy medic say on #bbcbreakfast that he thinks #Eurovision 2023 should be in Yalta. What spirit!"  @Spincatkitty added: "Yes love, the former band member and now army medic took time out from being bombed by the Russians to watch #Eurovision." During the show, Rachel and Ben spoke to a Ukrainian army medic called Tara Topolia about his country's Eurovision triumph. He told BBC viewers the support from other countries was "essential" to Ukraine as the war with Russia continues. Following the interview, Rachel said: "It is extraordinary, first of all, that we can have those lines of communication with him and his ambition that Ukraine hosts the Eurovision Song Contest next year from Crimea feels like a distant dream at the moment. DON'T MISS...Dan Walker's fears as UK tops Eurovision leaderboard 'Is it bad?' [LATEST]'Ignoring me again!' Naga Munchetty blasts Charlie Stayt in BBC rant [MUST SEE]Jennie Bond showered the Queen's granddaughter Lady Louise with praise [UPDATE]   The rap-folk band soared to first place with 631 points after being given special permission to leave their war-torn country. Stefania was originally written as a tribute to frontman Oleh Psiuk's mother, but it was repurposed as a rallying cry for Ukraine amidst the Russian invasion. Following their performance, they issued a plea to viewers, saying: "Please help Ukraine, help Mariupol, help Azovstal right now." BBC Breakfast continues tomorrow on BBC One at 6am.  