The rising cost of living is affecting everyone, making a wide potential pool of victims for these fraudsters. It is believed that they will pretend to be local councils, energy companies, retailers or loan companies offering Britons a way out of their dire financial predicament. Barclays reported this new tactic has seen fraudsters using “a range of issues affecting us all” to find their victims. The scammers impersonate legitimate companies or individuals and offer too-good-to-be-true discounts and deals or direct Britons to fake websites. One big concern is that scammers have been using the council tax rebate and energy loan scheme to target people desperate to stay afloat. Barclays cautioned: “If someone calls you pretending to be from the council and asks for your bank details so they can give you a refund, hang up. READ MORE: Martin Lewis gives Premium Bonds verdict as he highlights best savings account right now “If they text or email you, don't click on any links. Councils will never call or email asking for your bank details.” Some scammers have reportedly been contacting victims posing as energy companies, offering good prices, offers or even claiming that the victim is due a refund. Barclays advised people not to click on any links or give any personal information over the phone as genuine companies will usually not rush nor force customers to do either of these. Britons who are unsure whether they’ve gotten a genuine communication can usually find the company’s real number of contact information on their website. Barclays also warned Britons be vigilant around offers that appear too good to be true. They urged people using online shopping go directly to reputable discount websites or to the retailer. Another cautionary note was issued for people looking for loans as scammers have reportedly set up fake websites with low interest rates. Usually these sites will claim that customers need to pay an admin fee before any money can be released, Barclays highlighted: “This will be a scam”. They also advised Britons check if the company is fully regulated by the FCA, which can be checked on the FCA website. Barclays shared on their website some key signs which could indicate a scam, noting that they will never: They also added seven things scammers often do that Britons could look out for: