Stranger Things season four has just landed on Netflix for seven epic instalments. Chapter seven is called The Massacre at Hawkins Lab and it leaves the story on the ultimate cliffhanger. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when episodes eight and nine will air. Season four is five hours longer than any previous season, making it the most intense series yet. Volume one has just arrived and the seven supersized episodes feature a new kind of evil terrorising Hawkins. The gang is struggling to cope with the aftermath of the Battle at Starcourt as they find themselves separated for the first time. Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) is the group's only chance of saving the world once and for all. But fans will have to wait a little longer to see if the superhero saves the day. READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines Episodes eight and nine, which will both be feature-length, are due to arrive on July 1. This means viewers will have a five-week wait on their hands before the season finale airs. Shawn Levy, director and executive producer, explained why season four is the most intense yet. He said: "Season four is really complex because we have never had a season in multiple locations. "We’ve never shot our series in different states, in different countries — these are all firsts for us. "I’ve directed twelve movies, but I'm sitting here telling you, man, this is complicated. "We were built as a modest show about a kid named Will Byers who goes missing, and we are so much bigger than that now. "The cinematic dreams of the Duffer Brothers have grown so much more ambitious." He said it was his job as a producer to figure out how to deliver on this more ambitious vision. He explained: "It’s been fun growing together as a group. On screen, we see the kids maturing and growing and evolving. DON'T MISS... Stranger Things star Sadie Sink on ‘physically exhausting’ season 4 [INSIGHT] How did Eleven lose her powers in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER] Stranger Things season 4 cast: Who is Eddie Munson actor Joseph Quinn? [INSIGHT] "Off screen, we as producers and as a production team have also really had to grow and mature and evolve in how we think about and execute this show." Ross Duffer said the penultimate season will leave viewers feeling "the story barreling towards some sort of endgame or conclusion". Fans were sad to hear the series would be coming to an end after season five. He said: "That’s what is really exciting to us about this season. "We had a lot of fun in season three, but now it’s really serious in terms of actually starting to peel back the layers of this mythology. "And as you get these answers, you really see that we’re headed towards a very clear destination, and toward the end of Stranger Things. "Which is a little sad, but also exciting for us, and I think for everyone involved." There is plenty to be excited about with the latest season as it introduces some key characters. Joseph Quinn stars as Eddie Munson, the leader of The Hellfire Club, who finds himself caught in the middle of a tragedy in Hawkins.  Stranger Things season 4 will return for two more episodes on July 1.