It might not be too long until robots are whizzing around your home picking up mess and doing the daily dishes. Dyson has just announced that it's investing heavily in this futuristic technology with plans to create a new robotics centre at Hullavington Airfield in Wiltshire plus a huge recruitment drive which will see almost 1,000 new staff being employed over the next five years. This new breed of bots could help consumers with those tedious everyday chores such as cleaning, tidying and unpacking the dishwasher. To show the firm is serious about its plans it has released a video showing some of its upcoming inventions including a robot that vacuums the sofa and a hand that's capable of picking up objects without damaging them. There's no word just yet on exactly what Dyson has planned for the homes of the future or when they will arrive in your kitchen the company is clearly serious about its ambitions. This latest robotics makeover is the next stage in Dyson’s £2.75bn investment plan in new technologies, products and facilities; £600m of which is to be spent this year. Speaking about the new venture, Jake Dyson, Chief Engineer at Dyson, said: “Dyson employed its first roboticist 20 years ago and this year alone we are seeking 250 more experts for our team. This is a ‘big bet’ on future robotic technology that will drive research across the whole of Dyson, in areas including mechanical engineering, vision systems, machine learning and energy storage. We need the very best people in the world to come and join us now.” Of course, it's not just about robotics with Dyson also about to launch its new Zone headphones. These music-makers not only belt out your favourite playlists but also clean the air you are about to breathe in. Fans and filters in each earcup suck in the polluted air around you with things then purified before being blown into your noise and mouth via a face shield. They may look pretty whacky but with the latest figures from the World Health Organisation suggesting that billions of us are constantly breathing in highly polluted air, the famous vacuum might just be onto something. The Zone headphones are still in the final stages of development, so there are lots we don't yet know including how expensive they will be or how long the in-built battery will last. There's also no word on whether they will kill bugs such as Covid with Dyson still keeping that data under wraps for now. Express.co.uk recently tested the Dyson Zone and you can read our thoughts here.