Leave campaigner and GB News presenter Darren Grimes took to Twitter to comment on the scrapping of the deal, something which would allow the Government to take back control of the UK’s borders, allow Northern Ireland to produce goods to UK standards and keep the country's taxes in line with the rest of the UK. The comments come as Foreign Secretary announced a new Bill that would make some changes to the deal, without scrapping it altogether. Mr Grimes said: “Liz Truss might scrap the protocol and allow firms to choose whether to produce goods to UK or EU standards, put control of the border under UK jurisdiction and allow Westminster to make the same tax rate changes in Northern Ireland as the rest of the UK. “Also known as… Brexit?” The hated deal has seen an artificial border created inside of the UK between Northern Ireland and Great Britain and, in a nightmare scenario for trade, many goods must be checked before they cross the Irish Sea - within the borders of the UK. Mr Grimes has long been a vocal opponent to the Protocol, saying it stripped Northern Ireland of its “right to be British”  He said: “There is one constituent part of our United Kingdom that finds itself stripped of its right to self-determination. Of its right to be British. Of its right to unfettered trade with Great Britain, by far its biggest trading partner. “Of its right to have the same rules and regulations as the rest of the United Kingdom and its right to experience the benefits of Brexit that the rest of our country will enjoy.” “That’s right, folks, I was reminded of Northern Ireland and the dreaded Northern Ireland Protocol.” Writing for GB News, he added: “This farce cannot be allowed to happen. Article 16 of the Northern Ireland Protocol is a safeguarding mechanism that can be used if the Protocol leads to ‘serious economic, societal or environmental difficulties that are liable to persist, or to diversion of trade’. READ MORE: Liz Truss ready to override hated Brexit deal – announcement due  “I think it’s hard to argue that now isn’t the time to utilise this article and to unshackle Northern Ireland from this regulatory quagmire.” Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, today, announced new legislation in the House of Commons which would try and correct some of the “practical problems” presented by the deal. She said: “EU customs procedures for moving goods within the UK have already meant that companies are facing significant costs and paperwork, and some businesses have stopped trade altogether.” She claimed the Government's first priority was to uphold the Good Friday Agreement, however disagreements over the Protocol have meant a block on forming a devolved power-sharing government in Northern Ireland. Noting that the current deal wasn’t working, she said the proposed legislation would make changes to the deal unilaterally. DON'T MISS:Putin behaviour points to 'detachment' cancer side effect [ANALYSIS]Dad cleared of murder charges after death of burglar at his home [REPORT]Putin shame as soldier's messages show surprise at 'random' attack [REVEAL]  She said: “Our preference remains a negotiated solution with the EU, and in parallel with the legislation being introduced we remain open to further talks if we can achieve the same outcome through negotiated settlement.” The EU hit back, however, saying it would “need to respond with all measures at its disposal” if the Government went forward with the legislation. Irish foreign affairs minister, Simon Coveney, said the action was “damaging to trust.” The proposed legislation stops short of invoking Article 16 and completely scrapping the protocol, something which would see Northern Ireland return to UK rules as opposed to, as Mr Grimes puts it, being a “client state of Brussels”. 