The UK entry Sam Ryder was more than thrilled to place second in the Eurovision Song Contest on Saturday and admitted he wasn’t surprised Kalush Orchestra won for Ukraine with Stefania. Speaking on BBC Radio 2, Sam said it was “important” for Eurovision to show solidarity with Ukraine as Russia continues with its campaign to invade. It came after Sam landed back in the UK wearing a pink bucket hat in a sweet nod to Kalush Orchestra. Speaking to Radio 2 host Zoe Ball, Sam said of the Eurovision final: “I don’t know just I felt so much, just encouragement and support and love from home. “And not just home, but in the Eurovision community in general, because there’s so much love, sitting in that arena is like being in a church, it is just incredible. “I can’t explain it, and I can’t even begin to do it justice, the feeling that you have when you’re there. “But going on that stage, it just felt like, just trust in everything. READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat “Trust in the years that you’ve been singing and enjoying singing and music and take it all in.” Recalling sitting in the green room waiting for the results, he told the BBC: “We were sat there in the green room and absolutely engulfed in the energy of that arena, it was like being in a church because there was so much joy. “I’m sitting there with my friends who are also my team and that’s just so lucky. “I’ve just been swept up in the joy that is Eurovision, I’m just so excited.” Sam placed second after Kalush Orchestra were victorious with 631 points after the public vote changed the leaderboard. On what he thought of Ukraine’s win, Sam stated: “They needed to win that. “They were always going to win that. “It’s so important that we use the platform of Eurovision to celebrate solidarity and to shine light into darkness.” DON'T MISS...Eurovision's Sam Ryder grins as he lands back in UK to hero's welcome [PICTURES]Sam Ryder made UK Eurovision history with major award  [INSIGHT]Rachel Riley thrilled 'Europe doesn't hate us' as Sam Ryder triumphs [REACTION] Sam is also hoping to collaborate with the band in the future. “We’ve been chatting for a while and sharing demos and stuff like that,” he noted. “So watch this space. Hopefully, I’d love to do something proper like guitar-heavy Beastie Boys with them, I think that would be sick.” It came as Sam arrived back in the UK with a pink bucket hat which was a tribute to the winners Kalush Orchestra. Throughout the competition, singer Oleg Psiuk was seen donning an oversized pink hat. Sam also spotted a cream jumper with swirl pattern on it and patterned jeans. He was wrapped in a Union Jack flag and carried a champagne bottle balloon as he walked through arrivals. Breakfast with Zoe Ball airs weekdays on BBC Radio 2 from 6am.