Many motoring rules have already been laid out this year, with the intention of dealing with dangerous driving through the Highway Code and international driving laws in the aftermath of Brexit. In June, a handful of new driving laws will be introduced, dealing with a potential spike in driving fines as well as new legislation for electric car charging. From June 1, councils across England and Wales will be given new powers to charge drivers for traffic offences. The Department for Transport (DfT) will soon begin accepting applications from councils to issue fines for moving traffic offences. Successful applicants will be able to issue penalty charge notices (PCNs) for these offences from June 1. READ MORE: Older drivers slam ‘unacceptable’ maximum driving age proposals This will include infractions like yellow box misuse, making an illegal turn or driving the wrong way down a one-way street. This move is part of efforts to promote cycling and walking and make the roads safer for all who use them. The RAC claimed many motorists will be unfairly punished unless the Government improves its design, maintenance and enforcement guidelines for local authorities. Nicholas Lyes, head of roads policy for the RAC, commented on the rule change, saying: “[This] could lead to an avalanche of penalty charge notices being wrongly issued and then having to be appealed.” DON'T MISSUK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park [SHOCKING]Furious 20mph camera debate on GMB [ARGUMENT]EV owners 'not immune' from costs - charging prices rise 21 percent [WARNING] After June 15, all new homes and buildings will need to have an electric vehicle charger installed. Any new residential buildings with associated parking must have access to electric car charge points. The law will also require buildings undergoing large scale renovations to install EV charge points, provided they have more than 10 parking spaces. Tomas Edwards, Head of Marketing at GoWithFlow, told Express.co.uk that the new law is an important step to ensure the transition to EV vehicles is as smooth as possible. He added: “This law is a necessity as reliance on a roadside, on-demand fuel supply model will not be cost efficient, nor will it be possible for an audience of majority-electric vehicle users. “Electricity prices are rapidly increasing, and further national demand will only heighten this trend.” This law change is part of its wider plan to cut carbon emissions, with £1.3billion of investment being committed to electric vehicle charging infrastructure rollout. In addition to the new electric vehicle chargers, any homes and businesses which have existing EV chargers will be required to ensure they have smart charging capabilities. These regulations will be introduced on June 30, and are intended to help manage the strain on the National Grid with thousands of electric cars charging at once. It is hoped the change will encourage drivers to use smarter tariffs to avoid charging during peak hours, which tend to be through the daytime. While no official dates have been given, Bradford could announce the launch of its clean air zone, which is scheduled to launch in “spring 2022”. Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, Jason Longhurst, Strategic Director at the Department of Place at Bradford Council, said: “The Council is meeting with the Government in May where we expect them to give a start date for the CAZ.” Low Emission Zones in Scotland could also be rolled out in June, although charges for drivers in Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh and Glasgow would not be introduced until 2023 or 2024.