Bruno Tonioli has been a vital member of the judging panel on the BBC show since its launch in 2004. Despite not being on the show for the last two years due to the coronavirus pandemic, fans have called for his return. However, it has been claimed the Italian choreographer has quit the show to focus on other commitments. During the pandemic, Bruno couldn't return to the BBC series after staying in Italy with his family and filming Dancing With The Stars. Many fans were hoping to see the judge return to the upcoming series this year, but it has been reported he will not be taking back his seat from stand-in Anton Du Beke. Bruno will instead be focusing on judging the US show Dancing With The Stars, as a source told The Daily Mail: "Bruno has quit the show for good. "He's going to be a judge only on [the US version] Dancing With The Stars from now on." Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for a comment. READ MORE: ‘He was two dimensional’ Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises Cain Bruno's departure is the latest show shake-up after pros Aljaz Skornajec and Oti Mabuse announced their departure from the dance competition. During the first year of the pandemic, Bruno attempted to still take part in the show as he appeared via video link. However, last year he was replaced by Strictly professional dancer Anton Du Beke who has also been on the show as a dancer since its launch in 2004. Fellow judge Craig Revel Horwood recently teased that Bruno would be returning to judge alongside Anton and branded the pairing of the duo "iconic". In 2004, Bruno formed the first Stricly line-up alongside Craig, Arlene Philips and Len Goodman. Bruno has been a judge on Dancing With The Stars since the show's inception in 2005 and, prior to the pandemic, successfully balanced both dance programmes. With the latest series in the pipeline, it is yet to be confirmed whether Anton will return to the judging panel as he previously expressed that he hadn't "been told". Back in April, a list of professional dancers who would be returning to the show was released, which Anton wasn't part of, which led to speculations he will be judging once again. DON'T MISS...Anton Du Beke shuts down Strictly judge replacement news [INSIGHT]Strictly's Craig 'confirms' Anton Du Beke replacing Bruno [LATEST]Shirley Ballas: Strictly needs both Bruno AND Anton [WATCH] He previously told Sussex Life Magazine: "I'm hoping to get a call to say, 'Look, here you go, come back judging please'. "But we'll wait and see. I'd like to think I'd be on the show in one way or another." However, whilst many were speculating whether Anton will be returning, Craig accidentally let slip that he would be sitting alongside him once again. During his All Balls and Glitter Tour, he revealed that Anton would be returning as a judge and reportedly upset BBC bosses. A TV insider reportedly told The Sun: 'When Anton wasn't included on the announced line-up of Strictly pros, it was assumed he'd be back as a judge again. "But the BBC said nothing was nailed on yet, now Craig has blabbed the news, and they aren't happy." But despite the source’s claims, Craig also suggested that Strictly could accommodate five judges without the need to dump Anton or Bruno. He suggested to MailOnline: ‘Bruno adds something Anton can’t and vice-versa, if you look at it that way, so I think they’ve both got different opinions which I think is perfectly good." Strictly Come Dancing is set to return later this year on BBC One.