The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will travel from California to the UK to join members of the Royal Family at the celebrations next month. Pauline Maclaran, Professor of Marketing and Consumer Research at Royal Holloway, said Harry and Meghan need to maintain their royal connections so their brand in the US has a "competitive edge" compared to other celebrities. The PR expert told Express.co.uk: "I think they really need to top up their brand with a little bit of royalty and reinforce their connections. "Of course, there are the family connections too and I'm sure the families do want some kind of reconciliation. "But I can't help but think Harry and Meghan are definitely trying to reinforce their brand with the royal connections and being part of these very crucial celebrations. "If Harry and Megan don't keep up the royal connections then really their brand in the US has not got a competitive edge to differentiate them more strongly from other celebrities." Prof Maclaran added that a reconciliation between the Sussexes and the Royal Family would also benefit the monarchy. She said: "On the Royal Family's side if they don't have some sort of reconciliation with Harry and Meghan they are really lacking that diversity that they very badly need. "Especially with the increased pressure from the trips that were deemed PR disasters to the Caribbean both by Kate and William, and Sophie and Edward." Harry and Meghan quit royal duties in 2020 for new lives of personal and financial freedom in America. The couple made a series of bombshell claims about the monarchy in their Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021. They accused an unnamed royal - not the Queen or Prince Philip - of making a racist comment about their son Archie, while Harry laid bare his rifts with his father Prince Charles and brother Prince William. The Duke of Sussex is also releasing a tell-all memoir later this year. Harry and Meghan recently returned to the UK together for the first time since Megxit to see the Queen en route to the Invictus Games in The Hague in April. They are bringing their two children Archie and Lilibet with them for the visit in June. It was confirmed last week that Harry and Meghan would attend the Platinum Jubilee following intense speculation. But the Queen has banned them from Buckingham Palace's balcony during Trooping the Colour. It is not known which parts of the four-day weekend Harry and Meghan will make appearances at.