Mary Berry will return to our screens tonight for a special baking competition in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The former Bake Off presenter will chair ‘The Jubilee Pudding: 70 Years in the Baking’ tonight at 8pm on BBC One. Five talented bakers were selected out of 5,000 applicants to make an original culinary creation to mark the monarch’s momentous milestone. They will battle it out in the kitchens of the iconic London store, Fortnum & Mason, to impress the judges with their creations fit for the Queen. The winning recipe will then go down in history, among the likes of the Victoria Sponge and Coronation Chicken. Mary said it was a “very special and historic competition to be involved with.” The cook is known to be connected to the Royal Family, having been made a Dame Commander just last year; she is also one of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge’s biggest supporters and has spoken out about the couple’s commitment to their royal duties. In 2019, the celebrity chef described their charity work as “remarkable”. She explained: "They don’t just arrive and shake a few hands, make a few smiles and a speech, they want to get involved, and they want to see what they can do. “And it isn’t just one visit, they come back again and ask for the results and they remember who they spoke to last time. “I think that’s remarkable." The chef spoke to the BBC as part of a Christmas TV special entitled ‘A Berry Royal Christmas’. The episode followed the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge as they assisted Mary in preparing a meal for charity workers who are kept busy over the holiday season. Her comments came amid speculated tensions between William and Kate and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who had chosen to skip the Royal Family’s traditional Christmas at Sandringham and spend the holidays in Canada instead. Earlier that year, William and Harry had made the decision to split their households — while the Cambridges stayed in Kensington Palace, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex relocated to Frogmore Cottage. DON'T MISS:Sophie Wessex turns heads in £450 Victoria Beckham trousers in school [PICTURES]Sophie and Edward heaped with praise during tour of Channel Islands [INSIGHT]Queen interrupted while singing by Prince Edward's ex-girlfriend [ANALYSIS] Their staff were later moved to be with the Queen at Buckingham Palace, cutting all ties with Kensington Palace. The move led to speculation of a rift between the couples. This was further exacerbated by the Sussexes’ decision to spend Christmas away from the family in December 2019. Upon their return to the UK in January 2020, it was announced that Meghan and Harry would be stepping down from their roles as senior royals. At the time, the couple said in a statement: “After many months of reflection and internal discussions, we have chosen to make a transition this year in starting to carve out a progressive new role within this institution.” The Sussexes’ shock exit was followed by a bombshell interview with US chat show host Oprah Winfrey. Harry and Meghan spoke candidly about their experiences as working royals, and claimed that they had been unsupported by the Firm. Harry also commented on William and Prince Charles’ positions in the monarchy. He said: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that. Harry and Meghan recently made a brief visit to the UK, during which they met with Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and later the Queen. They did not manage to see William and Kate, as the Cambridges were on a family ski trip in France. The Platinum Jubilee next month will provide an opportunity for the so-called “Fab Four” to reunite. Her Majesty’s Jubilee celebrations will culminate in a four-day weekend at the beginning of June. On Sunday, June 5, the last day of the celebrations, The Big Jubilee Lunch will be taking place, encouraging communities to celebrate their connections and get to know each other a little bit better, coming together in a spirit of fun and friendship. People are invited to share friendship, food and fun with neighbours. It is then that people across the country will be encouraged to make the winning recipe from tonight’s ‘The Jubilee Pudding: 70 Years in the Baking’ at home to enjoy with family, friends and their local community. Fortnum & Mason said: “With delicious food being at the heart of these historic celebrations, we’re hoping the star of all street parties this year will be the winning Platinum Pudding.” You can watch The Jubilee Pudding: 70 Years in the Baking on BBC one and iPlayer on Thursday 12th May 2022 at 8pm.