Liverpool have made their first signing of the summer by announcing that Fabio Carvalho will join the club from July 1. The Reds are set to pay Fulham an initial £5million with a potential £2.7m in add-ons. Carvalho's contract at Fulham will expire at the end of June and then he will officially become a Liverpool player. The Merseyside club came close to signing the teenager in January. A deal fell through at the last minute on deadline day. But the worst kept secret has been confirmed the day after the final game of the Premier League season. Carvalho, 19, scored 10 goals and registered eight assists in the Championship this season as Fulham returned to the top flight at the first time of asking as champions of the second tier. Liverpool's official website described the attacking midfielder as an 'exciting talent'. READ MORE: Leeds reject £46m Raphinha bid after Premier League safety as star 'agrees terms'  Fulham boss Marco Silva recently stated his admiration for Carvalho as a player. And he insists he has a big future ahead of him. Silva said: "Look, you know how I love the boy, I don’t need to repeat again. I would love to have him with me more time as well at this football club, but it’s what you can do and it’s difficult sometimes for us to accept, that is football and that’s life. “You ask me if I would like to keep him here, I’m 100 percent sure. But we will see if it would not be possible. “About next season, he will not be our football player. It’s difficult for me, I can’t speak about the situation. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo and Mason Greenwood 'erupted' during specific Man Utd defeat [INSIGHT]Cristiano Ronaldo 'blocked' Man Utd from hiring Antonio Conte before Erik ten Hag [REPORT]Man Utd, Liverpool, Arsenal and others' prize money following Premier League conclusion [INSIGHT]  “I think he has a brilliant career in front of him. He is a top top talent in my opinion. “There were many clubs around him, a lot of rumours around him, and it was really tough for us to renew his contract. It is not normal for a boy of 19 years old, from the first two months of the season, to have a lot of rumours around him from clubs around Europe. “He never lost the focus, he let other people take care of it, and he really helped our football club to get promotion, to be champions. For a boy of 19 it is a fantastic sign and I believe that he has all the qualities to perform at a high level and to keep improving.” Carvalho has already made four appearances in the Premier League during Fulham's last season in the division. He scored in a 3-1 loss at Southampton in May 2021. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 