The Great British Bake Off has captivated a loyal audience since it first aired in 2010. Sandi Toksvig, 64, hosted the Channel 4 show from 2017 to 2020. As she chatted to Kate Garraway and Adil Ray about her upcoming comedy tour, Next Slide Please, she clarified the real reasons she walked away from the seasonal favourite, describing how she loves to take part in live TV and wanted to explore different opportunities.  "Why did you leave it, by the way?" Kate asked after a mention of the hit show. She added: "I don't think we ever worked it out, why did you go? Did you just get fed up of cake?" "I think you can only watch so much meringue dry," the comedian replied. "Right, got it," laughed Kate as Sandi added: "After a while you think, 'I need to move along now.'" READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money "You need to get on with your life!" Kate responded, but Adil probed further. "Was it that you got bored of it?" the presenter pressed on. "I did three years, I enjoyed it and I'm huge friends with Prue [Leith], we've stayed great mates and I had a lovely time," Sandi answered. "But the world is so exciting and so interesting, and what I love, I love live things. "I love when you don't know what's going to happen right now." She continued: "And the whole thing about being on the tour, every single show is tailored to the place that I go. "So, I talk a little bit about the history of the places I go, I talk about what happened on that day in history for example. "And there's a huge amount of the audience asking me questions and directing it onto me." DON'T MISS... ITV’s Ruth Dodsworth praised for opening up on coercive control [LATEST]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades speaks out after BBC cancel spin-off [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders theory: Callum Highway and Ben Mitchell split over secret [THEORY] After pulling out of The Great British Bake Off, Sandi was replaced by fellow comic Matt Lucas. Sandi recently opened up about how a frightening health scare led to her huge weight loss. After trimming her size down from a 22 to a 10 in just a year, Sandi explained how her dramatic weight loss was motivated by her family history of heart attacks. After her partner Debbie Toksvig voiced concerns about her health, Sandi decided it was time to make a change. “I was never interested in how I look. The number one thing in my whole life is my children and I want to be there for them,” Sandi said in an interview with Good Housekeeping. “My dad died of a massive heart attack when he was 59, as he didn't look after himself. My brother had a heart attack [a few years] ago... and you start thinking. “I sat on Louise’s sofa and told her: 'I’m going to die.' And she said to me: “Not on my watch, Sandi'.” The Great British Bake Off is available to watch on All4.