While Harry and Meghan have been snubbed from the Royal Family's appearance on the balcony at Trooping the Colour, royal biographer Omid Scobie has said the couple may be invited onto the balcony later in the weekend. Mr Scobie said: "We'll definitely see Harry and Megan at the Thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral." While he confirmed that Meghan and Harry "will not be out" on the balcony during Trooping the Colour, he said they could make a "surprise appearance" on June 5, when the Queen may emerge onto the balcony again with family members. Buckingham Palace announced that the couple would not be joining prominent royals on the balcony earlier this week. It said "the Queen has decided" that the iconic balcony appearance will be limited to "those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties". Prince Harry and Meghan will be flying back to the UK next week with their two children, Archie and Lilibet, for the celebrations. Announcing the move, a spokesperson for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." According to the Sun, they are expected to stay in their former home, Frogmore Cottage. Heightened security has reportedly been put in place ahead of their arrival. Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank, who currently live in the cottage, will reportedly be opening up the guest bedrooms for Harry and Meghan. READ MORE: Meghan could 'pull plug' on Jubilee return after bad publicity - claim Their visit will mark the first time the Sussexes have returned to the UK with their children since they stepped down as senior members of the royal family in 2020. A royal source claimed that Prince Harry and William have been messaging and FaceTiming each other in order to try and heal the reported rift that emerged between the two brothers. The source told the Mirror: "Prince William wanted to embrace Harry and they have been messaging each other every few days. "They've also had FaceTime calls with their children." DON'T MISS: Meghan's 'political gesture' analysed - 'First Lady' mannerism exposed [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'very much enjoying' Netflix cameras ahead of Jubilee [ANALYSIS]Queen heads to Balmoral as frail monarch taking 'break' before Jubilee [REVEAL] They added: "There is a strong feeling that what happened is in the past. "William sees that Meghan is a good mother and loyal wife and he is genuinely pleased for his brother. "It seems that the two of them have healed the rift and are very much back on their old buddy terms." The Queen is expected to have a diminished role at the upcoming Jubilee celebrations as a result of recent health issues. The 96-year-old monarch may not receive the Trooping the Colour salute for the first time ever, with Prince Charles, Prince William and Princess Anne taking her place. While the Queen's presence at each Jubilee engagement will only be confirmed on the day of the event, it is understood she plans to attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's on June 3. The palace said the monarch has been suffering from "episodic mobility issues".