Arsenal could let go of one record signing and bring in another this summer amid reports that they are tailing Bayer Leverkusen's £84million talent, Moussa Diaby. His prospective arrival would surely spell the end of Nicolas Pepe's troubled three-year stint at the Emirates, having spent most of this campaign watching on from the sidelines. Signing Pepe was one of Edu's first actions after taking up the role of Gunners transfer chief in 2019. Less than a month after his appointment, the Ivorian winger came in as a club-record signing having splashed out £72m for his signature. He had a growing reputation in Ligue 1 and appeared to be gaining momentum, hitting 23 goals in all competitions in his farewell season with the French outfit. Since moving to north London, his talent and trickery have surfaced in flashes but Pepe has broadly been unable to influence games on a consistent basis. This season, the 26-year-old has bagged just one Premier League goal in 17 appearances and Mikel Arteta would surely jump at the chance to move him on this summer. JUST IN: Chelsea takeover hopeful Sir Jim Ratcliffe 'plotting Todd Boehly hijack' in new twist A report from Bild linking Arsenal with an £84m move for Diaby, who plays in the same position as Pepe, could tell the whole story. A one-in, one-out arrangement would leave Edu red-faced as an alleged £25m price-tag attached to Pepe would land the Gunners with an eye-watering £47m loss. The unfortunate fact for the Ivorian is that Arteta's younger contingent have regularly come up with the goods this campaign. The likes of Emile Smith Rowe, Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli have all gradually established themselves as more reliable options out wide than Pepe. Nevertheless, West Ham have been touted to bite at the bargain price. DON'T MISS...Man Utd's Ten Hag has four transfer options with Rice deal unlikelyArsenal's five Jesus alternatives if Man City's Guardiola blocks dealRonaldo sparks confusion on Man Utd future by denying TV camera hint Diaby had been a steady option for Leverkusen until the season, when he has kicked it up several notches with 12 goals and 11 assists in 30 Bundesliga appearances. At 22-years-old, he is only one year older than Smith Rowe and would slot into Arsenal's crop of young whippersnappers. He would, however, eat up a significant chunk of their transfer budget amid questions over whether attacking wide players should be their priority this summer, particularly given the talent already at the club. Ushering Diaby through the entrance and Pepe out of the exit could still be a wise investment, however, given the former's massive potential.  The jet-heeled winger has been clocked at one of the Bundesliga's fastest recorded speeds, and would arrive at the Emirates with a hardened mentality after heading to Germany at the age of 20 while dealing with a significant language barrier. Diaby's upturn in form and output may not stop rising, either, as he becomes a regular fixture in the competitive French national team. That being said, Pepe's career trajectory was also heading upwards when Arsenal pulled the trigger in 2019, and they will hope the situation turns out differently if they opt to do the same with the Leverkusen starlet.