Chelsea are reportedly interested in a free transfer move for Ousmane Dembele when the Barcelona forward’s contract expires at the end of June. Thomas Tuchel is set to begin summer plans when Todd Boehly’s takeover is completed over the next few days. Dembele has run down his contract with Barca, much to the frustration of the La Liga outfit. President Joan Laporta has conceded that the Frenchman is ‘tempted’ by other offers despite Barca making a proposal. Chelsea are reportedly interested in signing Dembele but can only make a move once the government lifts sanctions imposed on the club. American businessman Boehly’s consortium is expecting to have his takeover ratified in the coming days. Dembele’s potential arrival would see him added to Tuchel’s incredible wealth of attacking talent. Express Sport picks out three stars who might consider their future if the 25-year-old is signed. JUST IN: Five players Chelsea need to sign after Todd Boehly takeover Callum Hudson-Odoi There was a time when Hudson-Odoi seemed destined to become the central figure in Chelsea’s attack. He made his first-team debut aged 17 and debuted for England a year later. But the now 21-year-old has struggled for game time under Tuchel. He has featured for just 966 Premier League minutes this season - the equivalent of just under 11 full matches. An achilles injury has kept Hudson-Odoi out of action for the best part of two months, but it still feels unlikely that he would have played regularly during the run-in. The academy graduate could seek a departure either on loan or permanent to kickstart his career. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel makes heartfelt promise to fansChelsea team news: Expected XI vs Leicester as Lukaku leads the lineChelsea's Cesar Azpilicueta in 'final talks' with Thomas Tuchel today Hakim Ziyech Ziyech has enjoyed fleeting highlights in a Chelsea shirt. There was the stunning goal against Tottenham earlier this season and the FA Cup semi-final winner against Manchester City last term. But the Moroccan has done little else to justify the whopping £40m fee Chelsea paid in 2020. Ziyech has often found his pathway to regular football blocked by Tuchel’s plethora of attacking talent. Dembele’s potential arrival could see Ziyech, 29, decide that he no longer has a future at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea could view an exit for the player as a chance to raise funds for a busy summer transfer window. Christian Pulisic American Pulisic was perhaps one of very few stars at Chelsea who did not benefit from the sacking of Frank Lampard and the appointment of Thomas Tuchel in January 2021. The winger was starting to develop into one of the Premier League’s best players towards the end of Lampard’s reign but has struggled for form of late. Pulisic has started for Chelsea in recent weeks and scored an important winning goal against West Ham at the end of April. He also struck in the 3-0 win against Leeds that helped the Blues move closer to Champions League qualification. But the addition of another winger might make Pulisic review his future at the club.