A survey of 10,000 voters showed Labour's best chance of winning the next election without the need of the SNP would be to form a pact with the Liberal Democrats. The formal deal would see the two parties stand aside for each other in constituencies they were less likely to win. In such a scenario, Labour would win enough seats to see Sir Keir become Prime Minister, propped up by the support of the pro-EU party. Earlier this year, the Lib Dems unveiled a four step plan to rejoin Brussels' single market. "We must stand tall with our European allies instead of needlessly antagonising them," the party's Layla Moran said in march 2020 when the roadmap was announced. "We believe Britain’s best future is at the heart of Europe - and our long-term ambition is to see the UK in that place once more." READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG The polling on a pact was carried out at a constituency level and was commissioned and published by Best for Britain, which opposed Brexit. The survey found that without an alliance being formed, Labour would win 307 seats, and the Lib Dems just seven. However, if the two parties worked together, Sir Keir would see 323 Labour MPs returned to Westminster and the Lib Dems return 13. It would take the parties over the 325 seat threshold needed to have a majority in the House of Commons. Ms Moran told The Observer yesterday: "In an election where the opposition vote is split, many voters will want to back the candidate who is most likely to win and deliver change. "To this end, we must be honest with each other about the situation in each constituency and ensure that the voters have the information they need to lock the Tories out of power." DON'T MISS:PM heads to Northern Ireland to demand its leaders 'get back to work!' [UPDATE]Coveney fumes at Boris for Brexit 'sabre rattling' as he issues fresh [REACTION]'Shameful!' Boris accused of 'broken promises' to fishermen in attack [INSIGHT] There were already suggestions of a pact between Labour and the Lib Dems ahead of the local elections which took place earlier this month. In the build up to the May 5 vote, Conservative Chairman Oliver Dowden accused the parties of working together to stand aside in order to try and oust Tory councillors. He said Labour had put up candidates in just 61 percent of seats in the south west compared to 97 percent in 2018, and 88 percent in the south east, compared to 99 percent at the previous ballot. Denying working with the pro-EU party, Sir Keir told Sky News: "There is no pact, everybody knows there is no pact." However, Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey admitted to having given Labour a clear run in some seats. The Kingston and Surbiton MP admitted it was "rational" to stand down in areas of the country where Sir Keir's candidates were more likely to succeed. Hundreds of the party's candidates were stood down ahead of election day. "Political parties need to make rational decisions," Sir Ed told LBC at the time. "You would expect us to make rational decisions and we put our scarce resources where we think we can win."