Photographer Rob Munday captured the stunning portrait during a photoshoot at Buckingham Palace in 2004 after being commissioned to create the first 3D hologram of the Queen - titled Equanimity. Mr Munday revealed the split second moment that captured the remarkable portrait - titled Platinum Queen: Felicity, that led to the natural smile displayed by the monarch. As the Queen was preparing for the shoot, her aide and close confidante Angela Kelly made an unscripted and amusing comment that led to the relaxed test shot.  Mr Munday said: “I had been in the yellow drawing room for several days prior setting up the studio and when the day arrived, the Queen walked in with Angela and I could immediately see there was this fantastic rapport between the two of them. “At the time, I was using a video camera to capture the shot and when you do these shoots, you take hundreds of frames at a time. When Angela made the comment, I was still preparing my camera system and did a short test shoot which led to a one second burst of 30 frames. “Angela said something funny and the Queen started smiling at the moment I pressed the button. “I went through each frame, but this one frame showed the Queen in an incredibly natural pose with a twinkle in her eye and a whimsical smile in response to whatever it was that Angela whispered in her ear.”  The original three-dimensional portrait was commissioned by the Jersey Heritage Trust to celebrate 800 years of the island’s loyalty to the Crown, with more than 10,000 images made. Mr Munday found the test shots when delving through his archives last summer and wanted to unveil the portrait to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. He added: “The test shots were stored on a hard drive where they stayed until I decided to look through my archive. “I found the image and remembered taking the short burst of images so went through each frame one at a time but this one frame showed the Queen in an incredibly natural state. Had Angela not whispered in her ear, that portrait would never have existed.” READ MORE: Meghan has 'nothing to show' as Queen withdraws  Angela Kelly was helping to rearrange the monarch’s clothes at the time of the test shot, with Mr Munday recalling the close bond between the two. He said: “I expected them to be quite formal but Angela was incredible at putting people like me at ease with her wonderful Liverpudlian accent. “They had this amazing relationship with each other. “I believe it’s coming up to Angela’s 20th anniversary of working in that position, so I thought the portrait was a wonderful way to celebrate their friendship, as well as the Jubilee.” DON'T MISS: Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry may return to UK, claims royal author [OPINION]State pension: Queen’s Jubilee means you could be paid early [REPORT]   Angela Kelly has served as personal assistant and senior dresser to the Queen since 2002, with her official title being Personal Assistant, Advisor and Curator to Her Majesty The Queen. The original holographic portrait of the Queen, by artist Chris Levine and holographer Rob Munday, was previously voted visitors’ favourite portrait at the National Portrait Gallery in London. Mr Munday unveiled the never-before-seen portrait earlier this week in London, with it going on display to the public at 45 Park Lane from May 9 to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant which is scheduled for June 5. Mr Munday said: “The Queen not knowing I was taking images meant in the moment, she reacted completely naturally. I thought it was such a beautiful portrait that I had to do something with it and with the Jubilee coming up, I couldn’t think of a better time to release it.” 