Yaya and Lloyd met at university. Their combined passion for travel led them on a journey around the world running their travel blog together. They run Hand Luggage Only, a travel diary following them around the world. The two, who met at Cambridge, have amassed some expert backing tops. Now they have shared these tips with Express.co.uk. Use block packing "Block pack instead of layered packing," the paid suggested. "Don't just pack all of one item (eg t-shirts) all along the base of the suitcase. "Fill up your luggage in blocks. This stops you from rummaging through your suitcase when on the road." Putting outfits together and packing them together means you will only need to take certain things out of the suitcase at any one time, all together. However, if you're suitcase is layered up in terms of items, you will find yourself digging through it and making your suitcase a disorganised mess. Limit shoe space Shoe boxes are unnecessary and take up far too much room, the experts say. They commented: "Don't pack shoes in cumbersome boxes that fill up your suitcase. "Use shower caps (placed on the base of the shoes) to be more efficient with space and keep your packed clothes clean." Shower caps keep your shoes together and compact, freeing up space. Pick the right luggage for you and your packing style If you have a preferred method of packing, why not optimise for it? "The expert said: "Some people like to pack everything in one space. Others like to segment and section off things (e.g. toiletries separated from electronics, in case of leakage). "It's best to buy a piece of luggage that suits the way you like to pack rather than trying to make the wrong suitcase work for you." It came after a Reddit user detailed a "folding" method that they claim will enable you to "carry more" as well as prevent clothes wrinkling. They explained: "I stopped rolling and folding and my clothes are less wrinkled when I arrive and I can carry more in the same space. I can pack for a week in just a few minutes." They detailed how they did it, and it basically involves making a pile. "I lay the first item on the bed or floor", they said. "Then I lay the next item rotated 90 degrees on top of that. I keep rotating 90 degrees and layering until I have everything in a pile. I finish with my underwear and socks on top in the middle. "Then I fold all four corners and shove it in my suitcase." Make a list Make a list, even of the things you assume you would never forget. In the rush of travel, you don't want to leave anything to chance. And the chance of human error is high amid stress. Pick fabrics that will travel well Choose fabrics that don't crease. This will make the need for a travel iron less and you will look much more put together on holiday. Pack what you'll wear first on top Save yourself messing up the rest of your packing and creasing other clothes by packing the first outfits you will wear on top.