Tottenham Hotspur forward Son Heung-min has made a surprise choice as his best player in the world. After scoring twice against Norwich City on the final day of the season to share the Golden Boot with Mohamed Salah, Son has dubbed Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar as the star he most aspires to be like. Son will take on Neymar on Thursday, as South Korea host Brazil in an international friendly at the Seoul World Cup Stadium. Son told reporters: "Neymar is the best player in the world, and I think I am working hard to become the best player in the world. So rather than being an issue like that, Brazil has a lot of really good players, and I think if our players do their best to show what we have to show in the game, then we can have a good result. "Brazil has a lot of world-class players. Our players are also very much looking forward to the match itself, and I think the most important thing is to play a good game by putting all our efforts into the match to show our best in front of a lot of fans.” The Brazil international was a surprise choice as Son’s best player in the world, as despite Neymar scoring 13 goals in 22 Ligue 1 games as PSG won the title, Karim Benzema, Salah and Sadio Mane are the frontrunners to win the Ballon d’Or this year. The quotes come after recent rumours suggested that if Son and Tottenham had not achieve top four this season, then Liverpool would have made a bid for the South Korea captain. Football London reporter Alasdair Gold said: “Another bonus of Son's goals and Conte leading Spurs to fourth place is that I understand it stopped Liverpool from making a big summer bid to test Tottenham's resolve to keep the South Korean star. I can't believe they would have accepted it anyway.” Son's brace vs Norwich saw him tie with Salah for the Golden Boot. The Egyptian international also scored that day as Liverpool defeated Wolves and the pair finished the Premier League season with 23 goals. Son became the first ever Asian player to win the award, and received a warm welcome when he returned to South Korea ahead of their upcoming friendlies with Brazil, Chile and Paraguay. With Son, Harry Kane and Antonio Conte all set to stay at Tottenham next season they will hope to build on their fourth-placed finish. Conte is set to be reunited with Ivan Perisic, who he coached to the Serie A title during their time at Inter Milan. Perisic is rumoured to be joining Spurs on a free transfer, as he and Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster look to be the first Tottenham signings of the summer.