The vacancy was advertised on LinkedIn this week and already more than 200 people have applied for the chance to work with the Duchess of Cambridge. The advert for a personal assistant to Kate’s assistant private secretary was listed on the professional social networking website three days ago. The specifications for the position were shared by The Household of TRH The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge which supports the official and charitable work of William and Kate. The advert noted that the role involved providing “wide-ranging administrative and operational support”. The job is positioned at Kensington Palace, which is the London address for Prince William, Kate and their three children – Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The personal assistant’s responsibilities include managing the secretary's diary, arranging meetings and monitoring correspondence. The role also involves offering support for royal visits and events, organising travel arrangements and taking minutes at meetings. The advert also specifies that the Royal Household is seeking someone with previous secretarial and administrative experience. Excellent IT, organisational communication and interpersonal skills are also essential for prospective candidates. Furthermore, the nature of the job means someone with a proven ability to work under pressure while remaining calm and meeting strict deadlines would be an advantage. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's Lilibet likely to celebrate first birthday in UK Also listed under the job's candidate criteria is the “ability to exercise tact and discretion and maintain confidentiality at all times”. The employers are also seeking someone with “knowledge of the diversity of communities in the United Kingdom, in the Commonwealth and worldwide”. The job is a permanent and full-time position, involving 37.5 hours of work per week. The candidate hired for the job will also be paid a salary of £27,500-a-year. DON'T MISS Harry slammed for taking attention away from Queen's Jubilee [INSIGHT] Sussexes ‘ripped up years of royal tradition’ with huge Archie move [REVEAL] Piers Morgan reacts to claim Kate Middleton invite 'got lost in post' [REPORT] The job's person specification goes on to add: “The Household believes that the diversity of modern society is its greatest asset. “We reflect this in policies to attract, employ and reward the very best talent, regardless of gender, race, ethnic or national origin, disability, religion, sexual orientation or age. “Our recruitment process enables us to recruit from the widest available pool with an approach which is fair, open and accessible. “It's important to us that all employees are able to contribute to their maximum potential and that we can draw strength from our diversity. “That's why we’re continuing work to make our organisation diverse and inclusive.” Furthermore, “an awareness of, and interest in, TRH The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's work and activities” also features in the list of criteria for candidates. Those interested in the position have until May 12 to submit their application. Click here to apply for the job.