Jailed former tennis star Boris Becker is reportedly complaining to friends about prison food at HMP Wandsworth. Reports indicate that the German, who was supposedly used to living a lavish lifestyle on the outside, is struggling to adapt to certain elements of jail life after being sent down in April. Becker was sentenced to 2.5 years last month after being convicted of hiding £2.5million worth of assets to avoid paying debts. Having been sent to HMP Wandsworth, he is likely to serve just over a year of that sentence and could move to a softer jail in a matter of weeks. The Sun claim that he has already complained to friends about the standard and portions of food after being served corned beef. The war-time classic may have hammered home the extent of Becker's fall from grace, having become accustomed to a frivolous lifestyle according to the details of his court case. One source said: "He is having a rough time and the worst thing of all is the food. He cannot believe how bad it is and how small the portions are. One of his first meals was corned beef, which wasn’t good. "But he will have to get used to it. He is also shocked at the lack of hygiene at the prison because it’s so overcrowded. The conditions are miserable, almost inhumane. It can get cold in the cells and there’s hardly any daylight." Becker is locked in his cell from 8pm at night to 7am the following morning in south-west London, just a few miles from Centre Court where he won three Wimbledon titles. The 54-year-old supposedly has his own cell, while standard practice is to share with another inmate. The reports adds that Becker is using a £10 weekly allowance to bag extra food and offset his disappointment at the standards behind bars. It is still some way from the steak and lobster that he may have been used to, and Novak Djokovic, who he coached between 2013 and 2016, has spoken out in support of the six-time Grand Slam winner. "Just heartbroken for him," said the Serb ahead of the Madrid Open, "He's a friend, a long-time friend, a coach for three, four years, someone I consider close in my life and has contributed a lot to my success in my career. I'm not going to get into details of the verdict, because I'm not in a position to do that, but, as his friend, I'm super sad for him. "It's not much that you can say. I just hope he will go through this period that he has to be in jail and that when he comes out he's able to live his life - I don't know if we'll use the word 'normal' because life is definitely changing for anybody going to prison, especially for that long of a time. "So I don't know how things will turn out for him. I just pray for him. I hope things will be well in terms of his health, his mental health, because that's going to be the most challenging part."