The Norfolk resident said she is not expecting to see any benefit from the Chancellor's rescue package because of her current living arrangements. Rishi Sunak said his new strategy would include a universal clause knocking off £400 from all energy bills from October, insisting he wanted all Britons to benefit from his new plan. However, pensioner Margaret expressed doubts on whether she would effectively ever see those benefits. Speaking to Jeremy Vine on 5, the pensioner said: "This thing they're saying, everyone will get £400, that's not true. "I will not be able to get that, or I'm pretty sure I won't because they're going to send it in vouchers, I think." Host Jeremy Vine suggested the £400 would be directly wired to energy companies to be taken off bills, to which Margaret replied that would effectively leave her cut off. She explained: "This is the point if you have a bill with your name on it but I don't so I'm not able to claim them. JUST IN: Middle class are finding it tough too!' Rishi Sunak defends £400 for every household  "I live on a farm, a converted property. And all properties are wired to the one account that goes to the landlord, to the farmer. "So I pay my bills through them and I don't get a bill with my name on it." Under the Chancellor's rescue package, almost all of the eight million most vulnerable households could receive at least £1,200 of support, including a previously announced £150 council tax rebate. Pensioners will also receive a £300 payment in November/December alongside the winter fuel payment in a move costing £2.5 billion, while £150 will be paid by September to individuals receiving disability benefits. READ MORE: Pensioners warned 850,000 older Britons may miss out on new £650 payment - check now  Rishi Sunak said £5 billion of the package would be paid for by a levy on the profits of oil and gas giants, and around £10 billion will be covered by extra borrowing. However, the Chancellor has been warned his policy risks missing out on helping over one million pensioners across the UK. Jon Greer, the head of retirement policy at Quilter, said: "While this is a much needed helping hand, according to Age UK nearly a million pensioner households are entitled to but do not receive normal Pension Credits and so could miss out on the additional £650 payment. "There are numerous reasons why pensioners don’t claim their credits including a lack of awareness, feeling like they would not qualify and simply feeling that they do not want to take up the benefit because of a negative attitude to asking for help or feeling like a burden to the state. DON'T MISSHSBC issues warning after widow loses £96,000 to cruel scam [WARNING]Mum, 76, borrows from daughter in 'difficult weeks' [EXCLUSIVE]‘Penalises savers!’ Sunak urged to abolish 55% pension tax [ANALYSIS]  “However, the message is clear if you don’t claim the credit, you won’t get the help and the government need to look at how they can publicise it effectively to qualifying pensioners." He continued: "Even Sunak in his speech recognised that people would still fall through the cracks and not benefit from this policy even if eligible. "There is at least a little light at the end of the tunnel for pensioners who heavily rely on the state pension, as once the triple lock is reinstated next year pensioner income will be uprated to match the unique inflationary environment, we are living in. "However, until then, pensioners are suffering one of the worst disparities in their income versus the inflation rate ever. Mr Greer added: "As the cold weather draws in after the summer and the huge rises in energy prices really start to bite, times will no doubt be incredibly tough for everyone, and this one-off payment is a laudable move from the Government.”