Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp may live to regret the Reds' decision to let go of Harry Wilson for just £12million in light of his dazzling performances for Fulham this season. Having been on their books since an eight-year-old, the club had plenty of opportunities to work him into the first-team fold. But after making his future plans clear, the 25-year-old could make his former employers pay when he turns out in the Premier League next campaign. Wilson had been on Liverpool's books for most of his life, despite notching just two senior appearances. No less than six loan spells have shaped his career thus far, and after several years of continued progress he made his future plans clear after Fulham's Championship title was confirmed in style with a 7-0 win over Luton Town. "I know now that I will be at a club that I will be at for the next few years after a permanent move," he said after the match, "That was what I wanted. I wanted somewhere to settle down off the pitch so I can enjoy it on the pitch. DON'T MISS: Five Man Utd legends who missed out on Roy Keane's all-time Red Devils Premier League XI "My first season here has been great, the club has been great with me, I settled in well with my teammates and set me up for a fantastic year. I have managed to get double figures for goals and assists, topping it off tonight by getting into the team of the year. This year has been my most enjoyable season. I have that stability now and have a great year behind me." Wilson has notched 10 goals and a mesmerising 19 assists in 41 Championship outings this term, with Marco Silva's Cottagers blowing the rest of the division away. Many of those created chances were finished off by Aleksandar Mitrovic, who has a staggering 50 goal contributions in 43 games. DON'T MISSMan Utd’s asking price for Cristiano Ronaldo is far too low ahead of Erik ten Hag arrival [OPINION]Arsenal could finally sign Arthur Melo as Juventus ‘plan swap deal’ involving Gunners ace [GOSSIP]Manchester United being ‘set’ for first Erik ten Hag signing is bad news for two players [COMMENT] The Welshman joined Fulham on loan last summer with a view to making the move permanent for £12m, and in light of those numbers, Klopp and co will surely be wishing that they set a higher price-tag for his signature. The Liverpool boss acted to tackle an ageing frontline at Anfield by signing Luis Diaz in January. While Wilson is not quite of his calibre, and would struggle to displace the established big dogs on Merseyside, he may have been useful to welcome back into the squad with Divock Origi and Takumi Minamino both potentially leaving. Wilson will have the opportunity to rub the Reds' face in it next season when they face off in the Premier League. At 25-years-old, the winger is entering his prime years and has already amassed 35 international caps.  "I feel like I am not so young anymore," added Wilson, "When you are younger, loans are great, they give you experience. My first couple really helped me but you get to a point where you want to settle down." Indeed, the outgoing Reds outcast has played for five different clubs since 2018, achieving decent goals returns at Hull City, Derby County, Bournemouth and Cardiff before joining the Cottagers.