Members of Trans Action Warwick shouted "Tory scum" at the Education Secretary outside the talk on Friday, as well as waving flags and placards stating "Trans rights are human rights". The Telegraph reported that one protester had struck one member of the university's Conservative Association on the head, although they were uninjured, while Mr Zahawi was ushered away by campus security guards. In a statement issued by Warwick Pride before the talk, they referred to comments made by Mr Zahawi regarding Kathleen Stock, a former lecturer at the University of Sussex who has been criticised for her views on trans rights and left the university following protests against her. Joel Cooper, the son of the shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper and the former shadow chancellor Ed Balls, was filmed interrupting Mr Zahawi's talk to challenge him over his stance on trans rights. Mr Cooper claimed on Twitter that he was "blacklisted" from the event. In response, Mr Zahawi wrote on Twitter: "This student [Mr Cooper] was very polite to me. "He made a reasonable point about how schools can help children which I was happy to debate. His right to free speech is vital too. READ MORE: M25 traffic misery en route to Heathrow airport "We will never deny biology but we must always show kindness, tolerance and love when discussing these issues." The minister had said it was "unacceptable that a scholar of her calibre should be hounded out of university". Warwick Pride said Dr Stock is a "notorious transphobe". The group added that Mr Zahawi "plays a significant role in institutional transphobia as Education Secretary for the UK" in working alongside the Equality and Human Rights Commission to produce guidelines for how teachers should treat trans students. The minister has said parents should be "front and centre" in decisions regarding their trans children. Warwick Pride said he "trivialises" the detrimental effects of outing LGBT+ young people to their parents, adding that he has used the "common transphobic dog-whistle 'adult human female'. A statement from the university's Conservative Association said it "supports the right to freedom of speech and expression for everyone regardless of political affiliation". DON'T MISS Jubilee fury explodes as ex-Labour MP fumes at 'gross' celebrations [INSIGHT]Blair eviscerated for comeback plan and told he'll make things worse [ANALYSIS]Khan sees Ulez slammed as 'clumsy mechanism' in tirade over expansion [VIDEO] It added: "It is a shame that, on this occasion, the intention of many protesters was not to express their own views but to prevent the Secretary of State from expressing his." The Warwick Pride committee said that it had tried "to attend as audience members to the speaker event in order to ask Nadhim Zahawi questions about the rights of trans people in the UK". "That is all. The protest outside the event was not organised by us," they added.