The streaming giant announced over the weekend it would not continue with ‘Pearl’, the children’s series following a 12-year-old girl that featured Meghan as an executive producer. The platform had previously revealed Netflix had fallen well short of its subscriber targets, and more than $50 billion was wiped from its market value as its shares tumbled by 35 percent. But in the wake of ‘Pearl’ being dropped, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex “have learned two lessons in quick succession”, journalist Ross Clark has claimed. He wrote in the Spectator that the first of these “lessons” was that “membership of the Royal Family opens the door to media deals less well-connected celebrities could only dream about”. He continued: “Secondly, they have learned that even royal fame will not, ultimately, help one of the biggest media organisations in the world sell a product that the public finds unappealing.” Mr Clark then wrote: “It must gradually be dawning on them that the world is only really interested when they are spilling the beans on the Royal Family. “Take that away and they become a rather dull pair spewing out woke platitudes.” The Sussexes, away from the interest and buzz surrounding the Royal Family, are “one of the first high-profile casualties” of Netflix’s cost-cutting initiatives, royal author Robert Jobson has previously claimed. He told the Mirror: "The cancelling of Meghan’s series proves one thing - their name and royal associations alone, doesn’t guarantee backing in the ruthless world of showbiz.” He then asked: "Will Netflix demand more royal tittle-tattle, from the prince and his wife? READ MORE: Prince Harry 'rethinking' breakaway from Royal Family "Are they prepared to sell out even more? Only time will tell. "But after much-publicised chats with Oprah and others, surely, they have exhausted their bombshell royal revelations by now." As Netflix struggles, the Sussexes "may now face increasing pressure" to produce the "royal-related goods" to entice back subscribers, Mr Jobson said. One of the ways they could look to lure back customers is through an appearance in London for the Queen’s Jubilee next month, Mr Jobson suggested. DON'T MISS: Royal LIVE: Meghan 'disappointed' after Netflix gives 'cold shoulder' [LIVE] Princess Diana was ‘taking back her life’ in years before her death [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry had to grapple with "lot of disdain' from royal aides [ANALYSIS] But this plan would have its obstacles. He said: "There has been talk of the Sussexes joining the Queen and other members of the Royal Family on the balcony of Buckingham Palace for her Platinum Jubilee. "But any Netflix cameras following them will be left at the door." Royal branding expert, Professor Cele Otnes, told Express.co.uk that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were struggling to establish their branding away from the royal bubble. She said the cancellation of their Netflix deal "does beg the question, what does the Sussex brand mean anyway, as a breakaway brand from the British Royal Family brand?” Professor Otnes, co-author of ‘Royal Fever’, said the recently-published Royal Family reveal-all by Princess Diana’s biographer, Tina Brown, nailed the Duke and Duchess’s mistake in evaluating their brand power. She said: “I think Tina Brown’s take on this in her new book is right on point — asserting that Meghan and Harry have WAY overestimated their appeal as a brand, once they severed their ties with the mother ship, so to speak.”