The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee marks the sovereign’s 70th year on the throne in a momentous celebration. The Prince of Wales, the Duke of Cambridge and Princess Anne are set to be in her stead during the military display at Horse Guards Parade.  It will be seen as another sign of the Queen, who is 96, delegating her duties in her advanced age. The Sunday Telegraph reports that it is still hoped the Queen will attend part of the June 2 ceremony, which is being modified with her comfort in mind for a momentous year of her reign. The monarch, celebrating her Platinum Jubilee, continues to experience “episodic mobility problems” and her attendance at events depends on her day-to-day health. As the first British monarch in history to achieve this, the UK will be celebrating with a special four-day bank holiday weekend in June.   Trooping the Colour is an annual parade to celebrate the Queen’s official birthday, and usually takes place in early June. This event has marked the official birthday of every British sovereign since the 17th century, and is held at Horse Guards Parade by St James’ Park - one of eight Royal Parks in London. The audience of the parade generally consists of the Royal Family, invited guests, ticket holders, and the general public. This year, the annual parade will combine with the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and kickstarting events on Thursday, June 2. READ MORE: 'Get a life!' American audience in stitches as Sussexes mocked on TV  Trooping the Colour enables the troops of the Household Division to pay a personal tribute to the sovereign. The event begins with the Queen travelling down The Mall from Buckingham Palace in a Royal procession escorted by Household Cavalry. After receiving a royal salute, the Queen will inspect the troops of the Household Division – including foot guards and horse guards – and the King's Troop. One of the foot guards regiments is selected to troop the colour, which means passing the Battalion flag, through the ranks of guards. DON'T MISS:Fury over plans to make former RAF base in tiny village asylum centreMinisters declare war on council red tape‘Big bully’ Nancy Pelosi blasted for blocking UK/US deal Then, the entire Household Division assembly will conduct a march past the Queen, who is saluted from the saluting base. The colour will be trooped by the first Battalion and Irish Guards, and more than 1200 officers and soldiers from the Household Division will put on this display of military pageantry with hundreds of Army musicians and around 240 horses. 