Paul Pogba is set to seal a sensational return to Juventus six years after leaving the club for Manchester United but Paris Saint-Germain are plotting a last-minute hijack that threatens the deal, according to reports. The World Cup-winning midfielder has left United's record-breaking contract offer - worth an eye-watering £500,000 per week - on the table while continuing to speak and negotiate with a host of top European clubs.  But now Pogba, who has remained tight-lipped on his future, is closing in on his United exit and could play his final match for the club on Sunday against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. Pogba is allegedly cautious about featuring for the Red Devils in south London due to the reception he may receive from the club's supporters after being booed in the 3-2 win over Norwich. The Mail are now reporting that Pogba is on the verge of sealing his return to Juve in a deal worth up to £30m over three seasons. However, the sentimental move is said to be threatened by the prospect of a last-minute hijack from PSG, who are preparing an improved offer in a bid to snatch him from the clutches of Juventus. READ MORE: Manchester United can kickstart Ten Hag era with sexiest of signings that ticks all boxes The 29-year-old had previously flirted with a switch to Real Madrid during Zinedine Zidane's time at the club but that ship has now seemingly sailed. It's left Juventus and PSG to battle it out for his signature and both clubs have been in extensive talks with Pogba since the turn of the year when he entered the final six months of his United deal. Pogba was initially prepared to wait to see who United's new manager would be before making a decision over his Old Trafford future but the club's turbulent season has pushed him closer to the exit door. It's been a tough campaign on a personal level too, despite assisting seven times in United's opening four Premier League matches. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football  A thigh strain suffered on international duty while away with France saw Pogba miss over three months of action. He was then forced off in the early stages of United's 4-0 defeat to Liverpool at Anfield in April with a calf problem. Pogba has not featured since and may now have played his last game for United, during his second spell with the club. His representatives arrived in Turin on Monday to advance negotiations with Juventus, who now look set to land their former player on a free transfer alongside PSG forward Angel Di Maria. Speaking last month, United's interim boss Ralf Rangnick questioned whether Erik ten Hag would even want to keep Pogba, given his failure to fulfil his potential since his £89m return to Old Trafford in the summer of 2016. "As it seems right now, he will not renew his contract and, I don’t know, maybe the club or Erik will not want to renew his contract. It’s most likely he won’t be here next season," Rangnick said. "He’s a player who won the World Cup; he’s such a good player that he was a regular starter for France. We all know what kind of potential he has and what kind of good player he can be. "He was like quite a few other players struggling to get his best performance sustainably on the pitch for a team like Man United. "This has not only been the case this season or in the past couple of weeks. As far as I remember, it was also the case in earlier years."