The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee marks the sovereign’s 70th year on the throne. As the first British monarch in history to achieve this, the UK will be celebrating with a special four-day bank holiday weekend in June. Events will kick off with Trooping the Colour, which will see millions gathering to watch across the globe, either at Buckingham Palace or on live broadcasts. Trooping the Colour is an annual parade to celebrate the Queen’s official birthday, and usually takes place in early June. This event has marked the official birthday of every British sovereign since the 17th century, and is held at Horse Guard’s Parade by St James’ Park; one of eight Royal Parks in London. The audience of the parade generally consists of the Royal family, invited guests, ticket holders, and the general public. This year, the annual parade will combine with the Platinum Jubilee celebrations; kickstarting events on Thursday, June 2.  There will be two rehearsals for the event during the lead-up and can be watched by the general public. The Major General’s Review will be held on Saturday, May 21, and the Colonel’s Review observed by Prince William will take place on Saturday, May 28. Those who have tickets will watch from the official stands, although there is a limited viewing space on The Mall and the edge of St James’ Park for those who don’t. Trooping the Colour enables the troops of the Household Division to pay a personal tribute to the sovereign.  The event begins with the Queen travelling down The Mall from Buckingham Palace in a Royal procession escorted by Household Calvary. After receiving a royal salute, the Queen will inspect the troops of the Household Division – including foot guards and horse guards – and the King's Troop. One of the foot guards regiments is selected to troop the colour, which means passing the Battalion flag, through the ranks of guards. Then, the entire Household Division assembly will conduct a march past the Queen, who is saluted from the saluting base. The colour will be trooped by the first Battalion and Irish Guards, and more than 1200 officers and soldiers from the Household Division will put on this display of military pageantry with hundreds of Army musicians and around 240 horses. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Will you tune in for Meghan and Harry's reality series? [POLL]Charles refuses to apologise for Queen over 'assimilation an genocide' [INSIGHT]Prince William has 'temper behind the scenes' but is open to criticism [ANALYSIS]    When the parade ends, the King Troop will fire a gun salute and the Queen will lead the Royal Family onto Buckingham Palace balcony to view the Royal Airforce flypast. The parade will start at Horse Guards at 10am and will finish by 12.25pm. The special military flypast featuring more than 70 aircrafts is expected to take place over Buckingham Palace between 12.40pm and 1.15pm - but exact timings for this are unconfirmed.  Tickets to watch the special parade from the seated stands around Horse Guards Parade were allocated by ballot in March. Successful applicants would have been informed via email, but if you were unsuccessful, it won’t be possible to bag any. However, the procession can be viewed along the route along The Mall or on the edge of St James’ Park. There will also be an opportunity to watch the parade on large screens in St James’ Pak. For those not able to attend the area of the event in person, the BBC and Sky will be broadcasting the parade live to see. 