Last week, it was announced that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be returning to British soil to attend events marking the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The couple will be joined by their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, who turns one in June. The occasion marks the first time the family as a whole will be returning to the UK since Harry and Meghan quit royal duties two years ago. The couple made a brief visit to see Her Majesty before attending the Invictus Games last month, but they weren’t accompanied by their children. A statement from a spokesperson said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are “excited and honoured” to attend celebrations in June. Details about which specific events they will be present at were not disclosed. Sources claim Prince William is “wary” of Harry’s decision to attend the Jubilee, and he and Kate are reportedly worried that the Sussexes appearance could steal the spotlight. It comes after a film crew from Netflix camera joined Harry and Meghan during the Invictus Games last month. Also, the Duke of Sussex is set to release his memoir later this year, and William is reportedly “fearful” that any possible interactions may be used for these projects. A source told The Sun: “William wants to talk to Harry to try to heal the rift between them but he’s fearful it will find its way on to Netflix, Oprah or into Harry’s upcoming book.” READ MORE: Prince Harry given plan to address hair loss after 'doomed' admission While royal biographer Tom Bower added: “William will worry that Harry and Meghan will pull a stunt to try to get the limelight. “Kate and William would be foolish not to be suspicious and would be unwise not to be cautious.” Buckingham Palace confirmed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will not join the Queen on the balcony of Buckingham Palace for Trooping the Colour. Her Majesty’s official birthday parade will kick off the four-day Jubilee weekend in June. DON'T MISS Charles edges closer to future role as he delivers Queen's Speech [INSIGHT] Queen's absence today is latest step in Charles's 'gradual takeover' [REVEAL]Princess Anne in bizarre exchange with officer used as footrest [REPORT] A palace spokesperson noted that the Queen would only be joined by working members of the Firm, a decision made “after careful consideration”. The statement said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." However, the monarch has made some exceptions, including allowing William and Kate’s three children – Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis – to join them for the occasion. Princess Anne's husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence and the monarch’s two youngest grandchildren Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn will also be permitted to watch the traditional fly-past from the balcony. The announcement came following widespread public speculation as to whether Harry and Meghan would make a trip to the UK for the monarch’s historic reign. In a recent interview with the Today show, Harry expressed doubts about the trip being possible due to his ongoing security issues. Harry said he was trying to “make it possible” so “that I can get my kids to meet her.” Since moving to Meghan’s home state of California, after quitting their roles as senior royals, Harry and Meghan have not returned the UK with their children. This means the Queen is unlikely to have seen the couple’s eldest child Archie since the family moved stateside. It also means the monarch has yet to have the chance to meet her namesake Lilibet.