Liverpool target Aurelien Tchouameni was watched by a number of scouts from the likes of Manchester United, Chelsea and Real Madrid as he scored a brace for Monaco against Lille on Friday evening, according to reports. The 22-year-old has been linked with a summer move to Anfield over the last few months, with the Reds having reportedly informed Monaco of their interest in landing the midfielder ahead of next season. Tchouameni has established himself as a regular at international level with France over the last few months and is thought to have no shortage of admirers from across Europe in advance of the upcoming transfer window. It seems as though Liverpool could be forced to join a bidding war in order to secure his services after a host of elite clubs were represented at the Stade Pierre-Mauroy on Friday, according to 90min.It is claimed that a number of scouts from Liverpool, United, Chelsea, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich were in the stands to run the rule over Tchouameni's impressive showing for Monaco against Lille. The likes of Arsenal, Tottenham and Barcelona also sent representatives to France in order to cast their eyes over the midfielder, who scored both of his side's goals in a 2-1 victory over last season's Ligue 1 champions.Tchouameni opened the scoring with a thunderous effort from outside the box on 42 minutes before former United man Angel Gomes fired home an equaliser for Lille shortly after the hour mark. The hosts dominated proceedings for the vast majority of the contest but were ultimately forced to leave empty-handed when Tchouameni struck again with just 15 minutes of normal time remaining. JUST IN: Ten Hag told Man Utd have better squad than Chelsea, Arsenal and Spurs Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Liverpool will be able to beat the competition for Tchouameni's signature when the bidding opens at the end of the season. The Reds have already reached out to Monaco with a view to striking a deal for the Frenchman but will reportedly need to pay around £50million to stand any chance of snapping him up over the coming months.Real Madrid have also been credited with a long-standing interest in Tchouameni and are said to be weighing up another raid on Ligue 1 in the near future after landing Eduardo Camavinga from Rennes last summer. Tchouameni has already hinted that he may be looking to stay at Monaco for at least another year, though, in order to play in the Champions League with his current employers next season. "I have a contract until 2024 with an option until 2025," he said earlier this week. "We will see what the future holds for me. A lot of things can happen in the transfer window."There is my case and that of the other players, some of whom are at the end of their contracts and have other desires elsewhere. The most important thing is the Lille match, not what will happen after."Later, when everyone goes on holiday, we will see who will be here when everything resumes. Why not stay in the Champions League?"Being eliminated by Shakhtar Donetsk in the preliminary round this season stuck in my throat. Playing in the Champions League with Monaco is not something that would displease me." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here