After the end of her 21-year marriage, Michelle began speaking to a man on a dating site who said his name was Michael, a single father of two daughters from Bristol. However, this relationship turned out to be a convincing romance scam which resulted in her giving away £49,000 in savings and loans to fraudsters. To get to the bottom of who stole from her, Michelle appeared on BBC One’s For Love or Money, a show which details the rise of romance scams in the UK. Speaking to For Love or Money’s Kym Marsh, the woman explained how scammers targeted her to educate other women on what to look out for. When asked how she felt about being scammed, Michelle said: “Stupid. Embarrassed. Ashamed. Any confidence that had been built up in me just went. “Obviously my marriage had broken down. I had to sell the house and find somewhere to live. Gone from being a house of four to me being on my own. “My mum was also diagnosed with lung cancer. He just took it all from me. He just stripped everything away from me.” READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years Only having talked for three weeks, the pair were finally ready to meet in person until Michael was called to America for a job contract he had been looking for. However, upon arriving in the States, his credit card was declined when he attempted to purchase a new suit. Citing issues with his bank which could only be resolved if he visited his local branch, Michael asked Michelle for help paying for certain expenses while he was working in Seattle. Originally gifting her online significant other between £2,000 to £3,000 to begin with, Michelle ended up spending £3,300 for machinery and £5,000 to address problems with the job’s contract. She was promised she would be paid back once Michael returned the following Friday. After being sent a screenshot of his UK bank balance and having videocalled with him and his daughters, Michelle was confident this would be the case. Despite this, on the day of his supposed return, Michael did not arrive back on the flight from Seattle. Michelle was then sent a message from him explaining that he had suffered a stroke, which included a picture of him in a hospital bed. Soon enough, the divorced mother of three was spending tens of thousands of pounds to pay for Michael’s medical bills. Overall, Michelle sent Michael over £49,000 from her savings and a mixture of loans for his work and medical treatment. Soon after this, her bank card was declined and account frozen. Upon visiting her local branch, Michelle soon realised that she was likely a victim of a romance scam and detailed her situation with the police. Speaking to For Love or Money co-host Ashley John-Baptiste, Michelle discovered the extent to the fraud she was victim to, which included false financial information and doctored photographs. The man who she believed was in a relationship was using the pictures of an actor and former rugby player from Argentina, and all of the personal information he shared with her was fake. Furthermore, the picture of him in hospital was taken from a soap opera that the actor had appeared in. The screenshot of his financial statement had also been edited and was fake. In regards to the video call she received from “Michael”, the scammers had used Instagram Live clips from the actor’s account to trick Michelle into believing she had spoken with her online partner and his daughters. Upon this shocking revelation, Michelle slammed the man she had known as Michael as a “parasite” who targeted vulnerable women. For Love or Money is available on BBC iPlayer.