He was jailed for 11 years at the age of 17 for armed robbery after becoming leader of the Ghetto Boys Brockley gang in south London. The musician, who is also an actor, emerged from prison aged 28 ready to put music at the forefront of his life. Vic, now 35, says our crusade to transform the way music is taught in our schools could be “life-changing” for children who are not traditionally academic but could flourish under a more creative approach. We are calling for music to be made a core subject in schools so it can compete with other courses when pupils come to select their GCSE options. We are also urging primary schools to take part in the “five a day” plan – where pupils sing daily for at least five minutes. Vic, who says music was his salvation, said: “There is this thought that music is not a proper subject. When I was at school the hour of music lessons was what I lived for. I couldn’t wait. “But nobody ever said to me, ‘Music could be your career’, nobody ever said, ‘That’s how you could make a living’. It was just something else that I did, mainly out of school. “It wasn’t just teachers, I think my family and friends all felt the same. ‘Yeah, you’re good, you can play the piano but what about the real subjects? ‘What about getting grades to go to university, what about getting a proper job? Music, is that even a thing?’ “We have to change that mindset. All of the creative subjects are as important as the maths and sciences of this world. We need it all – but don’t keep music as something of lesser importance.” Born in Cameroon, Vic moved to the UK aged nine and grew up in a tough neighbourhood where he fell into trouble. He feels that if he had more opportunities with music as a teenager then his life may not have taken such a drastic turn. Vic is seizing his second chance by forging ahead as one of Britain’s most highly-rated independent acts. He has a Bafta award for the BBC Two film Gun No 6. Also, through using music to campaign on social issues, he has been invited to speak to Parliament – something he says he would never have had the courage to do had he not taken part in live performances. He said: “Music has given me so much. It’s not really about money – it could open the door to so much more for a child who is struggling with other subjects. “In schools especially, where it can be really awkward for teenagers to express themselves, the arts can help open you up and create friendships.”