Sales of EVs continue to surpass expectations in the UK with the latest figures showing a huge percentage increase in new EVs purchased this year compared to 2021. And it seems the wider population are following suit according to new data. Research by JLR Essex showed Google searches for ‘best electric car for 2022’ were up a staggering 5,000 percent as high petrol and diesel prices forced drivers to look for alternatives. More second hand electric vehicles were sold in the UK in the first three months of 2022 than ever before as sales of all used cars increased by 5.1 percent. But the most dramatic jump was in sales of used battery electric vehicles (BEVs), which run purely on electric power, growing from 6,625 to 14,586 in the first three months of the year, a rise of 120.2 percent from a year earlier. Plug in hybrids (PHEVs) and hybrids (HEVs) which together make up a larger share of the used car market also sold in greater numbers, totalling just under 50,000 vehicles. READ MORE: Loophole allows dodgy dealers to sell deathtrap cars Neil Hutchinson of JLR Essex told Express.co.uk exclusively: "Electric cars are still an emerging trend and many people have never had an electric car before but are set to become more and more popular as the years progress. “Electric vehicles should be seen as a long term investment and therefore proper maintenance is paramount. “Not only are they an investment personally, but also an investment for our planet, as we move towards a greener environment." The company also put together a list of tips and benefits for those looking to buy an EV. DON'T MISSParking nightmare as ‘every single car’ on street is ticketed [SHOCKING]Driver who refused parking fine as it was in English wins court fight [INSIGHT]Electric car popularity may see shipping fires spike - 'catastrophic' [WARNING] No Carbon EmissionsIn urban areas where traffic often becomes gridlocked, traffic creates smog as a result of the build-up of traffic atmospheric pollutants. EVs are currently road tax exempt and don’t have to pay to enter low emissions zones. Reduced Fuel CostsA full charge on an EV costs approximately £3.40 for a full charge, which would allow you 100 miles range. If you took the same journey in a petrol or diesel car, this cost would be greatly increased. Low Tax CostsSince April 2017, electric cars that cost more than £40,000 when new will incur a yearly charge of £360 for the first five years. That’s still less than you’d pay on other non-electric cars within the same price range, which also experience charges based on CO2 emissions. Health benefitsElectric cars do not produce emissions through the exhaust, so they help improve air quality in built-up areas. Air pollutants are extremely dangerous, and diesel engines specifically generate noxious particulate emissions. This can lead to serious respiratory problems such as asthma for residents in areas with heavy amounts of traffic. Quiet driving experienceAlthough not completely silent, electric cars are considerably quieter than standard petrol and diesel vehicles. They are also a pleasant driving experience, as they can give you full power almost instantly. PracticalityDue to the lack of engine, gearbox or exhausts; electric cars often have more room for passengers and luggage. Some electric cars even have space for luggage under the bonnet, in addition to the traditional boot.