Sam Kittle, whose dog Chaos is the mother to the four-week-old puppies, woke up to discover the puppies were stolen from their home in the Charminster Road area of Bournemouth early on Tuesday. The adorable puppies can be worth thousands of pounds, with some charging upwards of £2,000 for the popular breed.  Dorset Police said the victim was woken by “male voices” but by the time they got downstairs, the raiders had fled. Ms Kittle said she was “hoping and praying” the puppies would be found.When speaking of her dog Chaos, she added: “It’s heartbreaking, she’s lost… she’s so sad, she’s just staring into space. “I’m just hoping and praying that someone hands them in.” The nine dogs that were staying at the owner’s home were from two litters, with six aged just four weeks and three aged eight weeks.  The puppies were still feeding on their mother’s milk, meaning their health could be significantly impacted. Efforts to find them on social media have attracted hundreds of responses.Sam said: “Thank you for the support, it’s overwhelming – I just need them home.” Officers are looking to talk to anyone with CCTV footage from the area at the time of the burglary at around 4.20am. This latest theft is one of many as dog thefts hit a record of 2,760 across England and Wales last year. READ MORE: 'Chaos' hits Heathrow Airport as 'huge queues' stretch  Recent data released by the Metropolitan Police shows there were as many as 422 dog thefts in the capital last year, with London having a significantly higher number of thefts than other parts of the country. The next hardest hit area was West Yorkshire, with police reporting 199 thefts, closely followed by Kent Police reporting 182 thefts. French bulldogs appear to be the most commonly stolen dogs, along with Jack Russell Terriers. Veterinary Nurse Madeline Pike said: “It’s devastating to see the number of dogs stolen continues to increase across the country. DON'T MISS:Queen 'gradually breaking free from the past' as monarchy evolves [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Queen warned Harry and Meghan risk 'overshadowing' [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton's 'royal etiquette hack' for carrying handbag - expert [PICTURES]  “Unfortunately, the increase in dog ownership since the pandemic began and the subsequent rise in prices of these animals seems to make the crime even more appealing to thieves. “The law will soon recognise dogs as members of the family with feelings, not just owned property and we hope that this will deter criminals, especially if they can be punished more severely if prosecuted.” She added: “Anyone considering buying a dog should thoroughly check its provenance and see the dog with its mother, to ensure they’re not buying from a criminal organisation. “And taking simple precautions such as not leaving your dog tied up outside a shop, left inside an empty car or keeping it on the lead when in busy areas, will help reduce the likelihood of being targeted. “It’s also vital to keep microchipping contact details up to date in case your dog does go missing and is handed in.” 