Speaking to Express.co.uk about Prince Harry's appearance at the Invictus Games, body language expert Judi James implied that Prince Harry is like a "duck" to "water" when it comes to performing in front of cameras. She said he "seems to be very much enjoying the high profile" life. Prince Harry and Meghan were followed around the Invictus Games by a crew of Netflix cameras, for their upcoming TV show with the streaming platform, Heart of Invictus. Ms James said: "Considering they've had a child and they've had lockdown and everything, they seem to have come out not much different. "He has moments of nervousness but as a performer, in front of the Netflix cameras, the words duck and water come to mind. "And [Meghan] is just good anyway. "But he seems to be very much enjoying the high profile and the cameras and everything." This comes ahead of their appearance at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee next week. The couple is due to fly back to the UK for the celebrations with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. While they are expected to take part in many of the events, they will not be appearing on the balcony as the Palace has announced that the iconic appearance will be for working members of the Royal Family only. As well as being followed around by cameras at the Invictus Games, which took place at The Hague earlier this month, Prince Harry also appeared in a new advert to promote his sustainable travel campaign, Travalyst. READ MORE: Royal Family 'brace' for Sussex docuseries 'Have to deliver headlines' The advert, broadcast on a New Zealand TV station, saw the Prince approached by a "rating agent" who claimed the Duke left a lolly wrapper behind during his official tour with the Duchess of Sussex in 2018. During the comedy sketch, the Duke of Sussex was given a positive rating for turning the tap off while brushing his teeth but had points deducted for dropping litter on the beach. Referencing Harry's appearance in the advert, Ms James claimed he now sees himself as being a "high-level performer". She said: "Even that comedy thing he was doing recently, he was advertising one of his causes and the advert was him playing himself. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry hire Michael Jackson's 'loyal' ex-bodyguard [REVEAL] Meghan Markle’s father rushed to hospital following fears of 'stroke' [REPORT] Royal: Sussexes' balcony moment 'blocked by Charles and William' [INSIGHT] "It was straight comedy and he actually plays himself quite well. "As a performer, he is actually now seeing himself as being potentially high level. "I mean, wait for the chat show." Ms James' comments come amid speculation that Meghan and Harry are planning to welcome Netflix cameras into their home for a docuseries as part of their multi-million dollar deal with the streaming platform. According to US news outlet Page Six, the cameras will capture life at home with the Sussexes in Montecito, California. A Hollywood insider told the outlet: "I think it's fair to say that Netflix is getting its pound of flesh". A producer added: "The timing is still being discussed, things are up in the air."