They could also help British consumers have cheaper food, thanks to the Government’s Genetic Technology Bill to be introduced into Parliament this week. With these diseaseresistant crops, British farmers will produce more food in this country, helping to reduce the cost-of-living crisis. UK food and energy security must be the number one priority for Prime Minister Boris Johnson and this bill is a clear benefit of Brexit as the EU has banned genetically modified crops for decades. Demonised as “Frankenstein food” by green campaigners, many of the same protesters have now come to realise that genetically edited crops are actually good news for the planet as they mean crops demand less land, water and fertiliser to grow. Fewer pesticides are needed to protect them, as resistance to insects is embedded in their DNA, ensuring bumper harvests for parts of the world currently threatened by grain shortages because of the war in Ukraine and the Russian blockade of its ports. An estimated 1.7 billion people in 100 countries are at risk of food scarcities that could also destabilise their governments. Sri Lanka is on the verge ofeconomic collapse due in part to an ill-advised experiment in nationwide organic farming that led to harvests plummeting by a third, meaning the impoverished country had to import more food and fertiliser from abroad. If developing world farmers are less able to exploit their land because of organic constraints, they are more inclined to cut down forests to expand their growing areas. Gene-editing is a win-win solution to a global problem that could have enormous economic benefits, too, for the UK, whose scientists are at the forefront of developing these hardy seeds. Britain is too reliant on foreign food imports – up to 80 per cent, amounting to £48billion, of food and drink a year recently – making consumers vulnerable to inflationary rises in world food prices.  British farmers are keen to embrace the new technology, promising bumper crops with less expenditure on fertilisers and pesticides, but to make the most of this we need to preserve farmland for food production. “We have government policies that are making us plant wildflower meadows,” said one farmer recently in the Express. “We’re ripping up wheat crops that could reduce the price of wheat.” Because of the world-wide food crisis caused by war in Ukraine – the world’s fifth largest exporter of wheat, dubbed the bread basket of Europe – even Germany has abandoned its net-zero farming policies in order to help its citizens weather the food storm. “In Germany, they have cancelled their green farming policies and put a million hectares back into production,” says Berkshire farmer Colin Rayner. “Why are we not doing this?”  The National Farmers’ Union is right to call for a delay in the Government’s Environmental Land Management schemes, which intend to pay farmers not to produce food but create forests and ponds instead. Rewilding is a pet cause of wealthy green campaigners like Lord Zac Goldsmith but at a time of food emergency that ambition needs to be put on the backburner while we make the most of the food-producing land we have and help farmers maximise harvests. There is a clear health benefit, too, as gene-edited crops can include vital ingredients. Vitamin D is necessary for healthy bones, but, coming naturally from sunlight, many Britons do not get enough of it, so the John Innes Centre in Norwich is geneediting a new range of “super” tomatoes so the fruit produces more of the vitamin. Similarly, genemodified “golden” rice, with added vitamin A, has saved millions of children from blindness in South East Asia. “I find it surprising that groups that are very supportive of science when it comes to global climate change,” says Nobel Prize-winning scientist Randy Schekman, “can be so dismissive of the general views of scientists” on biotechnology in agriculture. The Government is to be congratulated on seizing the opportunity created by Brexit to get fully behind the bounty promised by gene-editing. With their bill hopefully made law by the end of this year, gene-edited foods could be in supermarkets as soon as next year. Let’s hope they come with a healthy discount that helps us all combat the cost-of-living crisis. 