Chelsea's government-imposed sanctions denied them the chance to compete for the signing of AS Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni. But Thomas Tuchel could look within the club to bolster his midfield options next season as a flurry of loan stars return. The Blues were firmly interested in Tchouameni, but Liverpool, Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain pressed on with their pursuits while the club was out of action. And despite Todd Boehly's takeover finally going through, the 22-year-old is now destined for a dream switch to the Santiago Bernabeu. It's a blow for Tuchel to miss out on one of Europe's most promising midfielders in his bid to freshen up the middle of the park. But the German coach possesses ready-made quality he can inject into a squad that will want to enjoy a better 2022-23 season than the campaign just gone. The Athletic report it would be a 'big surprise' if Conor Gallagher hasn't earned a spot in Tuchel's team next season. Gallagher seriously impressed on loan at Crystal Palace last term, becoming an England international in the process, and will eye a starting berth at Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel can save millions in transfer window Tuchel is a known admirer of the 22-year-old and only shipped him out on loan last summer because he was convinced that guaranteed minutes elsewhere would serve his development better than competing for places at Chelsea. And he'll be itching for his return to add much-needed energy to his ageing midfield regiment. Billy Gilmour, 20, didn't enjoy quite as much success on loan at Norwich City, making 24 Premier League appearances as the Canaries finished rock-bottom. But, while another loan is likely, Gilmour will have the chance the turn Tuchel's head in pre-season. READ MORE: Newcastle have four targets Dan Ashworth can make his first signing Chelsea's budget in their first summer transfer window under new ownership is currently uncertain. However, Tuchel is expected to receive financial backing, with a large chunk going towards the likely signing of Sevilla centre-back Jules Kounde after last year's failed swoop. The German coach will be desperate to guide Chelsea to an improved campaign after they suffered a frustrating hangover from last season's Champions League triumph. But despite falling short in both domestic cup finals against Liverpool, the Blues have Champions League football on offer again and will be confident of attracting top talent to west London. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.