Last month Brooklyn Beckham, 23, married Nicola Ann Peltz, 27, in a lavish ceremony in Florida with a list of star-studded guests in attendance. Victoria Beckham, 48, has given a rare insight to her son's wedding day as she spoke in a recent interview of how overcome with "emotion" she was. The newly-wed couple married in a multi-million pound wedding in Palm Beach, Florida on Nicola's family estate. At the wedding, Victoria looked stunning in a slinky silver gown, complete with an elegant lace detail on its plunging neckline. Victoria, along with her husband, David Beckham, were proud parents as they watched their eldest child walk down the aisle. The former Spice Girls star has spoken in a new interview about the day in question, sharing a rare insight to the goings ons of the extravagant nuptials. READ MORE: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes She said: "It's a big deal, your child getting married. I was very emotional. "David's speech was beautiful." The mother-of-four admitted she struggled to "figure out" what to wear for the event. Those in attendance included Serena Williams, Eva Longaria, Gordon Ramsay and fellow Spice Girls Mel B and C to name a few. Victoria continued: "It took me quite a while to figure out what I wanted to wear. "The day wasn't about me, it was about Brooklyn and Nicola. So I wanted to look appropriate, and really to be comfortable and to feel like myself", she told Grazia Magazine. Victoria took to Instagram on Sunday to share a picture of Brooklyn with his youngest sibling Harper Seven. The lookalike siblings can be seen smiling at the camera while holding a dog each in the tender snap. In view of her 30 million followers, Victoria captioned the post: "Harper Seven loves her big brother xx Kisses from Nala and Label @brooklynpeltzbeckham #HarperSeven." DON'T MISS... Coleen Rooney is 'different mother and wife' after her famous tweet [TRIAL] Sir Ian McKellen brands Jake Daniels a ‘hero’ after coming out [COMMENT] Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [INSIGHT] Many social media users rushed to the comments to compliment the siblings and the wedding insight. Mrskeeber88 said: "Wow they look so alike, bless them." Mrsjohnston1305_ added: "They’re both the image of David!" This comes as the newlyweds looked as loved up as ever as they shared a glimpse into their first trip to London since tying the knot. The newlyweds also caught a snap outside the Glassblower pub in Soho as Nicola placed a tender kiss on her beau's cheek as he gave her a piggy-back. Brooklyn isn't the only sibling with marriage in the air with rumours circulating earlier this month that second-eldest Romeo Beckham, 19, was "ready to marry" his girlfriend Mia Regan. The young couple recently celebrated their second anniversary, and are reportedly looking to the future. However, a source claimed Romeo is holding off on proposing so soon after his big brother’s wedding to billionaire’s daughter and actress Nicola, so as not to steal their thunder. "Mia is close to Romeo’s mum Victoria. It was clear the couple want a long-term future together and have already spoken about being soulmates," said the insider to The Mirror.