Lord Howard dodged repeated questions from BBC World at One host Sarah Montague over calls from former attorney general Jeremy Wright that the PM should step down from office “for the good of this and future Governments”. Asked by Ms Montague if he wanted to “voice confidence” in Mr Johnson, Lord Howard refused, saying he was “content” to leave these matters in the hands of Conservative members of the House of Commons.    Ms Montague asked: “The former attorney general Jeremy Wright has published a piece saying he believed the Prime Minister misled Parliament. "'I have therefore, with regret, concluded that, for the good of this and future Governments, the Prime Minister should resign.’ Is that a view that you have sympathy with?” Lord Howard said: “Look Sarah, I’m an old fogey in the House of Lords and I’m more than content to leave these matters to members of the Conservative Parliament in the House of Commons who are close to their constituents and much better placed than I am to make these decisions.” The interview then reached an impasse, with the former Tory leader repeatedly dodging requests to state his opinion on the matter.  Ms Montague said: “You are still a member of the [Conservative] Party.” Lord Howard then responded: “I certainly am and fully intend to remain so.” Ms Montague said: “And a former leader. It seems surprising that you don’t want to comment.” Lord Howard responded: “I have said what I have said.” The World at One host continued: “Right. So, you’re not prepared to go any further, even to voice confidence in the Prime Minister?” Lord Howard then repeated his assertion that he was “content to leave these matters” to the House of Commons, before the interview was abruptly ended. READ MORE: Johnson is a 'warrior!' Russian dissident hails PM over 'EU muppets' [REVEAL]  The awkward interview took place in light of comments made by Conservative lawmaker Jeremy Wright, a former British minister and attorney general. Mr Wright said today that Prime Minister Boris Johnson should resign, joining a growing number of MPs who have withdrawn their support over the "partygate" scandal. The damning report, published last week, detailed a series of illegal gatherings at Mr Johnson's Downing Street office during COVID-19 lockdowns, prompting a new wave of calls for him to step aside. Mr Wright said he found it impossible to accept the PM did not bear some personal responsibility for setting the tone in Downing Street, which he said had shown a "routine disregard for the spirit, and often the letter of the Covid rules". DON'T MISS: Brexit POLL: Has Boris failed to deliver your expectations of Brexit? [POLL]‘Polls spell concern for Tories’ Boris warned ‘brand damage to linger' [REVEAL]Boris eviscerated for failing Britons as Labour storm ahead [REPORT]   He said: "I fear, too, that these events have done real and lasting damage to the reputation not just of this Government but to the institutions and authority of government more generally.” He said restoring accountability and faith in good government required more than apologies, and Johnson remaining in office would hinder crucial objectives. More than 20 Conservative lawmakers have publicly called for Mr Johnson to quit after reports of Partygate first arrived. At least 54 are required to formally request a confidence vote for one to be triggered. Another lawmaker in Johnson's party, Nickie Aiken, said that Mr Johnson should call a confidence vote himself to end the speculation around his future, though she did not say if she had submitted a letter. She said in a letter to constituents:"I fear that the continued reporting and constant speculation will continue to damage both the Government and the Conservative Party.”   