While our Queen is set to mark her Platinum Jubilee in 2022, Queen Margrethe will celebrate her Golden Jubilee. ITV royal editor Chris Ship quipped on Twitter that it was “a mere 50 years as Monarch compared to Queen Elizabeth’s 70 years”.  Speaking to ITV’s Lucy Watson, Queen Margrethe shared her admiration for Her Majesty and listed her many lauded qualities, including her “very attractive voice”. She reminisced about a trip the Queen and Prince Philip made to Denmark in 1979, saying: “It was a great occasion. “They came on the Britannia and we received them at the quay down by the harbour, and then we drove in open carriages through Copenhagen. “It was a lovely occasion. We have, as you have in Britain as well, a tradition for special occasions that we do come out on the balcony and there will be lots of people in the square.  “It’s a very warming moment, people are frightfully kind and you can feel it.” When asked how Queen Elizabeth had “inspired” her, the Danish monarch continued: “[In] the way she has faced her duties, the way she is dedicated, but also that she does it with a smile.” Speaking on the qualities she most admired about the 96-year-old, Queen Margrethe added: “I think the tone of her voice is very special. “It’s a very clear and very attractive voice to my mind, to my ear.  READ MORE: Royal Family members who have had 'surprising' jobs “You can feel the humour through it, there’s no doubt that she has a marvellous sense of humour. “She can look very serious but one knows that underneath it, and she’s aware about everything that happens around her, I can’t exactly point out a particular thing, but I do know that when something funny happens in the background she will see it.” Queen Elizabeth II and Queen Margrethe II are the only two reigning Queens in the world currently. The Danish Royal Family resides at Amalienborg Palace in Copenhagen, made up of four identical buildings placed around a large square.  DON'T MISS:Trump swats away speculation ex-VP Pence could launch 2024 bid [LATEST]Joe Biden calls for action on gun laws following school 'massacre' [SPOTLIGHT]Boris facing ‘witch-hunt’ as Left want his ‘head on a platter' [ANALYSIS] Being 14 years younger than our Queen, at 82 years old, Queen Margrethe understandably has looked up to her over the years. She said: “[Queen Elizabeth] was 26 when she became Queen. When I was growing up, I hoped I wouldn’t be as young as that when my father died. “It made an enormous impression on me. The fact that she was dedicating her life. “I understood what that meant. This is for life. That is the whole point of my life. And I know she sees that too.” 