Although it’s a crucial part of maintaining the condition of your washing machine, many are prone to missing the rubber seal when carrying out a clean. The rubber seal gathers an unfavourable amount of bacteria and dirt, and can contribute to damp smells in your machine. Failing to scrub this spot can lead to bad odours or grimy marks imprinting on clean clothes after the spin. The rubber seal wraps around the door of your washing machine. There are a number of causes for an increased grime build-up, but it most notably includes consistent washing at low temperatures, as well as excessive use of enzyme-based detergents. Combined with the fact the washing machine generally has substantial amounts of water passing through it regularly, it’s no wonder the drum can be a breeding ground for mould. However, it’s important to abolish the grime soon after it festers because if left, it can cause blocked hoses and maintenance issues, and as mentioned, dirty clothes and bad smells in the machine. Experts advise you to deep clean your washing machine at least once a month. However, the rubber seal should be maintained much more frequently, due to its susceptibility to grime build-ups. Read More: Royal fans divided over Princess Anne's 'crowded' living room Fortunately, there are some simple ways to clean the rubber seal, and here are three cheap ways to do so. Bleach and bicarbonate of soda A simple and incredibly effective way to blitz the rubber seal of your washing machine is to mix up a homemade solution of one cup of bleach and one cup of bicarbonate soda. Pour this solution into the detergent draw, then add an extra cup of bicarbonate soda into the washing machine drum, making sure to sprinkle it around the seal. Next, run a wash cycle with the drum completely empty at a temperature of around 90 degrees. When this is complete, mix a few dashes of washing up liquid into warm water and wipe down the machine using a cloth doused in the soapy solution - ensuring you scrape inside the seal, too. Apple cider vinegar and water Many suggest using white vinegar to clean the rubber seal however, if you’re not a fan of the pungent smell, you could opt for less potent apple cider vinegar. Mix half a cup of apple cider vinegar into half a cup of water and spritz or rub a generous amount of the solution into the seal using a clean cloth. Leave the solution to sit for around two to three minutes before wiping the seal down with a dry cloth. DON'T MISSWallis Simpson's interiors in old home in Windsor are 'a nightmare' [PICTURES]How to clean inside of your kettle using baking soda [EXPLAINED]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easiest’ way to clean washing machine drawers [TIPS] Bicarbonate of soda If bleach isn’t a favourable cleaning detergent for you, just bicarbonate of soda will easily do the trick. To do this, simply tip around 100g of bicarbonate of soda directly into your washing machine drum and run it on empty on a 90 degrees cycle. Once this finishes, wipe down the drum, paying special attention to the seal, with a soapy cloth. Daily tips to prevent mould and dirt build-ups in your machine To reduce the dirt and mould build-ups, there are a few quick and simple things to tack onto the task of unloading the washing machine. Keep the washing machine door ajar or fully open when you’re not using it. This is will help the drum dry out quickly to prevent mildew from festering. You can also wipe down the drum with a dry towel after every use, and lastly, unload your washing as soon as the cycle is complete. Like the above, this will prevent damp odours from formulating and gives bacteria less time to develop.