The 47-year-old broke both her legs after the paramotor, or motorised paraglider, which she was flying was involved in a mid-air collision with that of cameraman Dan Burton in September 2021, as the pair completed the Round Britain Climate Challenge to highlight awareness of climate change. Tragically, Mr Burton, 54, was killed in the accident, which is the subject of an ongoing inquest. Undeterred, dual Australian/British national Sacha, dubbed “the human swan”, is gearing up for another conservation project - The Flight of the Osprey, during which a team of experts will track the bird of prey’s migration route through 14 different countries, from Scotland to Ghana in west Africa - a distance of 6,200 miles. Conservation Without Borders unveiled details of The Flight of the Osprey at a launch event at the National Geographic Society in London on Friday attended by actress and campaigner Joanna Lumley, who presented an ITV documentary about the Round Britain Climate Challenge last year.While her injuries prevent her from travelling by paramotor, as originally planned, Sacha, a champion freediver who can hold her breath underwater for more than six minutes, nevertheless intends to dive beneath the waves to investigate wetland sites vital to the fish-eating ospreys.Speaking earlier, she said: “I'm kind of up and walking on crutches. My right leg is in a boot and I can walk on it, and my left leg is still in a frame."“The pins were supposed to start to come out yesterday but the surgeon ran out of time. The wire will come out of my leg in a few weeks’ time and then I'm back in the water for physio and aiming to be ready for the expedition.”Given the seriousness of her injuries, Sacha has no immediate plans to get back in her paramotor - although she remains optimistic.She explained: “The big aim is to be able to fly again, but at the moment the best thing is to keep an eye on the big goal while focusing on what I can do.” Sacha could be forgiven for being anxious about undertaking such a marathon voyage - but if she has any doubts, she hides them well. She added: “Nerves? Not really. It's a big undertaking, but I've not got nervous about the expedition going ahead. The key thing with an expedition is to have a good team that can all hold it together. I'm very much driven by the outcome of the project.”Asked what the Conservation Without Borders team was hoping to achieve, she explained: “The osprey was extinct in the UK and many countries in Europe. It's trying to make a comeback but it needs help.”The expedition would gauge how well-protected the various wetland stopover sites the birds rely on are, and the extent to which they were being impacted by climate change, she said. Drones will track the ospreys, literally offering a birds’ eye view of their journey. Sacha added: ”What I would normally be doing on the expedition if I'm flying is basically trying to get inside the head of the bird. There's only so much you can get from Google Earth because it takes an image and is just a snapshot in time."“The idea is to get a look from the air and see why birds might be doing what they're doing. We will be able to do that pretty well with drones.”Sasha will also use her diving expertise to get a closer look at the impact of human behaviour on the seabed.She said: “Along the north coast of Morocco, there's an area where there used to be significant use of dynamite for fishing underneath where the southern-most osprey nesting sites are. In other areas we'll be looking at seagrass beds impacted either by large or smaller shipping.” Speaking at the launch event, Sir Tim Smit, executive co-chairman of Eden Project International and the executive vice-chairman & Co-founder of the Eden Project, said: “This whole project has been created by ordinary people and organisations putting their hands in their pockets." “They need more funding support, so those who can give in the knowledge that if together we can arrest the decline, our grandchildren will be able to thrill at the nobility of this beautiful creature, rather than see it in the pages of books about dodos.”Ms Lumley added: “Since her life-threatening accident, Sacha has somehow transformed herself into the ‘Human Phoenix’, rising above her dreadful injuries and facing the world with even more determination than before; and now at last the thrilling journey will go ahead. If bravery has a mortal form, it is to be found in Sacha.”The expedition is scheduled to get underway in August, and will finish in November.