Each week, Alex Jones and her The One Show co-stars take time out to say “One Big Thank You” to an unsung member of the public making a difference in their area. Emma Brock from Norfolk was nominated by friend Hazel this week for her volunteering and fundraising efforts within the community. And Antiques Road Trip’s Paul Martin was just the man to surprise her. Emma volunteers at a local community shop to help those without much money, Ronan revealed. The volunteer had also implemented a “worry” chair in her shop which gives residents the chance to sit down for a tea or coffee and get things off their chests. The One Show guest also raises money for local children’s trips away and creates packages for the elderly in winter. Paul turned up at her shop and said to the camera: “I’m just about to drop in to reveal some rather surprising news to Emma about her ‘worry’ chair. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final “I’m gonna pretend it’s a mid-century design classic, and even more special than she already thinks it is.” Paul then entered Emma’s shop and began perusing through her ties on sale, before telling her he was in town to film a new episode of the Antiques Road Trip. After Paul clocks the chair in question, he pretends to be impressed before Emma quickly comments: “That’s my worry chair, you can’t have that!” This doesn’t deter Paul from studying the item of furniture, before flagging it’s an “OBTY” chair - a play on The One Show’s “One Big Thank You” segment. Paul spends the next few minutes reeling off a fake backstory about the “rare” chair while Emma watches on before the BBC host suggests he gets the camera crew in to do a feature on the chair. The antique expert even finds an “authentic” OBTY tag on the chair, surprising Emma. Paul even went as far as to find the exact chair online, to which he shows Emma a fake advert praising the chair and its value, Emma takes all the new information in before Paul eventually breaks cover and reveals the entire discussion was a ploy on behalf of The One Show. DON'T MISS:Antiques Road Trip’s Natasha Raskin Sharp on how she nearly lost role Antiques Roadshow expert uncovers staggering value of Lucky RabbitAntiques Roadshow expert blown away by 'most expensive glasses' “I’m not here for the Antiques Road Trip,” Paul confesses. “I’m here on behalf of The One Show and we would just like to say One Big Thank You for all the work you’ve done here in your shop for your local community. “The chair is special but you make this chair so very special,” Paul commended as an emotional Emma began to cry and reply: “Thank you, thank you.” Paul then had “one more surprise” for Emma outside the shop where her family and friends had gathered. Still wiping away tears, Emma was overwhelmed before her husband Dean planted a supportive hug and kiss on his other half. Jermaine Jenas was the first famous face to appear on the big screen to thank Emma for all she did. Soon after, a number of locals who’ve been affected by Emma’s selfless efforts also praised her. And Antiques Roadshow star Fiona Bruce even made an appearance to laud Emma for all she’d done in Norfolk. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.