The Met Office has warned that most parts of the country can expect heavy rain over the course of Wednesday and into Thursday. However, there is some hope for drier weather over the weekend, particularly for the south of England.  The Met Office has forecast for Wednesday: “Early cloud and rain in the north and west giving way to brighter weather while showers, heavy at times, break out over eastern, central and southern England during the afternoon.” Then for Thursday until Saturday it predicted: “Mainly fine and rather warm Thursday, though some rain for northern and perhaps western areas. “Band of rain, locally heavy, moves southeast across the UK Friday, with settled weather following.” Conditions look setter to be wetter down south on Wednesday, although temperatures should remain warm.  The forecast for London is: “A wet morning, with light and patchy rain. Sunny spells and scattered showers in the afternoon, locally heavy and thundery with a risk of hail. “Feeling warmer than recent days. Maximum temperature 18C.” A mix of sunshine and showers is forecast into next week, with potentially wetter conditions in the north.  READ MORE: Farage warns of failures of Rwanda policy - 'Overwhelmed by crisis' The Met Office says: “Dry weather is likely for most throughout much of this period, bringing variable cloud and sunny spells to most areas. “Northern regions are more likely to see a scattering of showers at the start, interspersed by bands of more persistent or heavier rain at times.” “Winds should be generally light to moderate, and coastal areas may also experience periods of low cloud or fog.”  DON'T MISS:German businesses hammered by Brexit [BREXIT NEWS]Sturgeon slammed by Anas Sawar ahead of local elections [POLITICS]Emma Raducanu details severity of latest injury after Madrid Open loss [SPORT] Warmer than average weather has been predicted for the summer months, as the Met Office says chances of a heatwave are “higher than normal”. According to National World, the Met Office has said chances of a hot summer are 40 percent, two times higher than average. In contrast the chance of a wet summer season has been put at 15 percent and the chance of cooler weather at 10 percent. 