A Place in the Sun star Danni Menzies has revealed the tricky moments she has faced on the show, ahead of her departure. Besides putting followers "in their place" after she was called out on her outfit choices, Danni has also had an eventful time persuading property viewers to sign on the dotted line while nursing an alcohol-fuelled sore head. "Selling a house on a hangover - that was quite tricky!" Danni told Express.co.uk. "[I also] had couples fall out and nearly break up and you end up playing a presenter and therapist all at the same time!" Meanwhile Danni often launched her fighting spirit, deliberately wearing a pair of boots on the show twice after some fans deemed them inappropriate and akin to "hooker wear". She argued that females in the public eye were subjected to worst scrutiny than men and chose to be loud and proud about wearing whatever she chose, to prove a point. Danni has since announced her intentions to quit A Place In The Sun and start on new TV projects, including a show that she described as being like "X-Factor for female racing drivers". However she has fond memories of her time filming on the show, where she can still be seen on-screen throughout this year. Asked which country was her favourite out of over 35 that she's visited, she replied: "We did a show years ago in Costa Rica [which] was amazing [and] the Caribbean was incredible too. "When I first started doing the show, we were going quite a lot and I took it all totally for granted." However she won't let her departure from A Place In The Sun stop her travelling - in fact, filming abroad has given her a voracious appetite for what the world has to offer. "There's like 280-whatever Greek islands," she marvelled. "I've been to about four or five of them - and when I'm not working, I'm planning on seeing much more of them because the Greek Islands are absolutely amazing." Back in 2020, it seemed the islands hit the spot for property buyers on the show too, after one emotional couple burst into floods of tears when being shown around a holiday property in Kefalonia.  Yet Danni won't be signing up to buy her own home away from home just yet. "Personally, I've still got lots of places that I'd like to see so I'm not really thinking like that yet," she told us. "I think when I find the right place, maybe, [but] I'd like to see more of the world [before I make a decision]." That shouldn't be a problem, as recent working holidays have seen her whisked away to the likes of Sweden in the aftermath of her A Place In The Sun departure. Reflecting on her history on the show, Danni recalled: "Obviously some people that come on there aren't too bothered about whether [their property purchase] happens or not but when somebody's dream comes true, it can be very emotional. "I had a couple called Chris and Mary on the show and it was such an emotional thing for them. "He broke down crying when it happened and so did she, it was really beautiful." She added: "All those little moments where it's meant so much to people and we've managed to make it happen - they will stick with me forever."