Emma Heming Willis, 43, has revealed that looking after her ailing family has taken a toll on her mental health. It comes after her husband, Bruce Willis, 67, was diagnosed with Aphasia. The model opened up in a recent interview about her difficulties. She said that she doesn’t feel like much of a hero. The star said: “I put my family’s needs above my own, which I found does not make me any kind of hero. “That amount of care for everyone else within my household had taken a toll on my mental health and overall health. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain “It served no one in my family.” The model - who shares daughters Mabel, 10, and Evelyn, eight, with the actor - said she has since been trying to make more time to meet her own needs. “Someone told me not long ago that when you over-care for someone, you end up under-caring for yourself. “That stopped me in my tracks and really resonated with me,” she continued, in her interview with The Bump.  She added that she doesn’t “mother herself perfectly” but that she has some basic baseline needs which are a must.  Emma said that exercise is absolutely essential for her.  Bruce's other half insisted it's vital to find one thing that makes you feel good and “build from there.”  Emma tied the knot with Bruce in 2009. DON'T MISS... Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] The revelations about her mental health concerns came roughly six weeks after she released a joint statement with Bruce’s ex-wife, Demi Moore, 59, revealing his diagnosis. They said on Instagram that the Hollywood icon “has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities". The family added: “As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him. “This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. They continued: “We are moving through this as a strong family unit. ‘We wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him. “As Bruce always says, ‘Live it up’ and together we plan to do just that.” A source told People last month that everyone is focused on the happy moments they have with Bruce, and that Emma is “especially grateful” for the daughters she shares with the actor.