The low-cost airline and holiday agent Jet2 offers a new holiday to bid on every week, and some destinations include the Balearics, Canary Islands, Bulgaria, Greece, Cyprus and Turkey. How can Britons get this promotion? Holidaymakers just need to download the Jet2holidays app and add in their bid. If the traveller's bid is the lowest and the only one for that specific amount, a holiday will be available to purchase for that same price. The Jet2 campaign launched last year and a total of 23 customers managed to get holidays in the Canary Islands, Greece, Cyprus, Spain, the Algarve and Turkey with winners' bids starting at just 2p. READ MORE: Flight attendant explains 'how to ask' for free upgrade - 'I'd give' This week's pick is Gara Suits Golf & Spa in Playa de las Americas, Tenerife. The current weekly promotion ends tomorrow May 12 at midday. Jet2 said: “Bid to be in with the chance of winning a seven-night holiday for two adults to the four-star Gara Suites Golf & Spa in Playa de las Americas, Tenerife. "What are you waiting for?  "Download our app and bid before midday on May 12, 2022!” Some of the upcoming bids are Aqua Nevis Club Hotel in Sunny Beach, Bulgaria or Kiani Beach Resort in Chania, in Crete. A holiday in Abora Catarina by Lopesan Hotels, in Gran Canaria, will also be available at the end of May. Steve Heapy, CEO of Jet2.com and Jet2holidays, explained: “With international travel now fully unlocked, we know how much UK holidaymakers want to get away to enjoy some much-needed sunshine, and we are delighted to relaunch our Bid for a Break campaign. “The campaign was hugely successful last year and now, thanks to its return, we are once again giving holidaymakers the chance to get away in a fun way for potentially only a few pence. “Based on the popularity of the campaign last year, we know that holidaymakers will be equally excited to see Bid for a Break return. “With some fantastic holidays available to bid on, make sure you get involved and place your bid.”  In other travel news, face masks will no longer be needed on any planes and airports in Europe from May 16. The European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) and European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) have dropped the recommendation for mandatory medical masks for travellers in airports and on board a flight. However, both organisations still note that a face mask remains one of the best protections against the transmission of the virus. 