Calls for a Scottish republic have been growing on social media ahead of the Jubilee celebrations later this week. Hitting out at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee on Twitter, one social media user, Linda (@linannlum) wrote: "While England is going overboard with Jubilee fever Scotland is looking forward to a #ScottishRepublic". Another user, nicknamed Rebellious Mr-Wolf (@AnnonymousAm) agreed, writing: "I’ll not be partying as I couldn’t give a flying f*** for over-privileged families having fun wearing £4billion hats for to say look what I’ve got and you don’t… if you agree with me hit like." A third, Dorothy Wilson (@Dorothy90237074) added: "Enough of being a subject. "It’s time to be a citizen of an independent #ScottishRepublic". Oor Tracey (@trangpang) added: "I look forward to the day where I wake up in an independent #ScottishRepublic"  Ruth Ritchie (@ruritchie) agreed, writing: "I quite like Betty (queen of Englandshire) but the more sycophantic coverage of the jubilee I see, the more I am reminded how many people can barely feed, clothe, or warm themselves, and the more I think a #ScottishRepublic is the best future after independence." Meanwhile, Patch Bruce (@patch8652) said: "65 percent of those in the UK and 75 percent of people in Scotland don't give two f***s about the jubilee. Cheers." This comes ahead of the Queen's Jubilee weekend, which begins on June 2. A poll conducted by the British Future thinktank, conducted in May, found that only 45 percent of people in Scotland want to retain the monarchy. READ MORE: Queen health update as packed Jubilee weekend schedule sparks doubts More than a third (36 percent) said the end of the Queen’s reign would be the right moment to move to a republic. Nearly 60 percent of people across Britain wanted to retain the monarchy for the foreseeable future, the poll found. Only a quarter of them said that the end of the Queen’s reign would be an appropriate time for Britain to become a republic. A total of 85 percent of Britons expect that the country will still have a monarchy in ten years' time. DON'T MISS: Meghan's 'political gesture' analysed - 'First Lady' mannerism exposed [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'very much enjoying' Netflix cameras ahead of Jubilee [ANALYSIS]Queen heads to Balmoral as frail monarch taking 'break' before Jubilee [REVEAL] However, the SNP has said that it is committed to retaining the monarchy should Scotland vote for independence. The criticisms of the Jubilee come as the country gears up to celebrate the Queen's 70 years on the throne. A record 12million people are set to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee at street parties, the Daily Mail reported. More than 200,000 lunches are expected to be held this Sunday to commemorate the milestone. A total of 85,000 people have registered an interest in holding a lunch, significantly more than the 64,000 that registered an interest in doing the same for the Diamond Jubilee ten years ago. Many more last-minute bids are expected to be lodged in the days leading up to the weekend. Two neighbouring villages from adjoining counties in England plan to break the world record for the longest Jubilee street party, with a kilometre (0.6miles) long picnic. The party, which is taking place across Oxfordshire's Goring and Berkshire's Streatley, is set to include more than 500 tables spanning the length of both villages.