Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has taken a sly jab at Manchester United fans by welcoming them to the club's Premier League title celebrations if they beat Aston Villa on Sunday. Guardiola is on the verge of guiding Man City to a fourth title in five years, an outcome most United supporters would unbelievably prefer. The Red Devils have endured a diabolical season, topped off by hoping their neighbours prevent Liverpool, enjoying a golden era under Jurgen Klopp, from levelling their 20-title tally. And after already lifting both domestic cups this season before next week's Champions League final against Real Madrid, Liverpool threaten to surpass 1999's treble success. If Klopp's side beat Wolves at Anfield and Man City drop points at home to Steven Gerrard's Villa, they will be crowned champions and one game away from an unprecedented quadruple. So Guardiola has admitted he was wrong when claiming 'everyone supports Liverpool' in the title race and invited United fans to the Citizens' potential celebrations. He said: "Are you sure? Yeah? So United likes City more than Liverpool? Oh my God, I didn't know it. Is it true? So I was wrong when I said everyone wants Liverpool to win the title in this country! I was wrong. Yeah, [United fans are] welcome if they want to join us in the street. But they have to wear the blue shirt, yeah. They have to wear it!" JUST IN: Liverpool given Nketiah transfer advice as Arsenal ace ponders future  Earlier this month, Guardiola made the comments after Man City responded to Liverpool dropping points against Tottenham Hotspur by thrashing Newcastle United 5-0. He also added a league title-themed dig, welcomed by United fans clinging onto one of a few bragging rights they have left over their bitter North West rivals. "Everyone in this country supports Liverpool, the media and everyone," Guardiola told beIN Sports. "Of course, because Liverpool have an incredible history in European competition. Not in the Premier League, because they have won one in 30 years, but it is not a problem at all." READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'to miss Man Utd's match with Crystal Palace'  While a large section of the United faithful will appreciate City stopping Liverpool win the league - threw the grit in their teeth - there won't be many in the city centre to celebrate. After decades of Manchester being dominated by red shirts at end-of-season parades, it's been only blue in recent years. The stakes of United's game at Crystal Palace compared to City's on the final day is yet another reminder of the clubs' current statuses. Suppose they don't match or better West Ham United's result against Brighton & Hove Albion. In that case, they will be condemned to Europa Conference League football next term, while City will once again be one of the Champions League favourites. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here. While a large section of the United faithful will appreciate City stopping Liverpool win the league - threw the grit in their teeth - there won't be many in the city centre to celebrate. After decades of Manchester being dominated by red shirts at end-of-season parades, it's been only blue in recent years. The stakes of United's game at Crystal Palace compared to City's on the final day is yet another reminder of the clubs' current statuses. Suppose they don't match or better West Ham United's result against Brighton & Hove Albion. In that case, they will be condemned to Europa Conference League football next term, while City will once again be one of the Champions League favourites.