Nicky (played by Kimberly Hart-Simpson) had been caught in a love triangle with Daniel (Rob Mallard) and his former girlfriend Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan) on Coronation Street. Last week she mustered the courage to tell Daniel she was falling in love with him following his split with Daisy, but his feelings were not mutual. However, Nicky has come to realise she has a lot in common with her love rival Daisy - so could an unlikely romance be on the cards for the pair? Former sex worker Nicky had been getting close to her former flame Daniel since returning to the cobbles earlier this year. He took her under his wing when she lost her job as a teaching assistant and she has been living under his roof with her daughter Maisie Wheatley (Lucia Aliu). Daniel, who was recently dumped by Daisy, was struggling with his career and last week he told his boss he did not think he was cut out to be a teacher. Nicky tried to comfort him when he returned home, but he was taken aback when she confessed her true feelings for him. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star Unfortunately, Daniel did not feel the same and Nicky attempted to shrug off the rejection. It may take Nicky some time to move on from Daniel, especially as the pair are living together, but could she be more suited to her love rival Daisy? Nicky actress Kimberly hinted to Express.co.uk and other media Daisy and her character could form an unlikely romance. When asked whether the characters could become friends, the 35-year-old actress said: "Could you imagine us behind the bar, we’d have a ball."  She also said there would be "fireworks" if the women worked together. Kimberly described her character's relationship with Daisy as "frosty", but now Daniel is out of the picture romantically, will the women get closer? Kimberly said: "As it stands, it’s frosty, 100 per cent, she’s going to have some anger towards Nicky, understandably. "But there are just these moments between them which is like, a complete meeting of minds. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street sees important change at Rovers 'Could be powerful' [LATEST]Corrie's Simon Gregson reacts to 'awful' acting claim [UPDATE]Coronation Street's Imran Habeeb's exit confirmed  [SOAPS] "We know something has gone down in the past [with Daisy] and they share that in common, there are just little looks between them. "Both myself and [Charlotte] can feel that when we are on set. "They could either fight or they could hug and you just wonder which one they are going to do. "I think they want to hold each other but punch each other while they are doing it."  If Nicky secures a job soon she and Maisie will be able to move out of Daniel's home and allow her to move on from his rejection. Will Daisy and Nicky start to grow closer in upcoming episodes now they are not vying for Daniel's attention? Perhaps one will ask the other to have a drink together to see if there is a spark there. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 