The school has a three-week-menu cycle that is repeated once throughout the school term. It prides itself on offering seasonal, nutritionally balanced meals for students, that provide them with fuel to get through their academic day. Rather than bringing in their own packed lunches, the children are served food curated by world-class chefs, using the finest seasonal ingredients. The young royals can expect to see dishes such as hearty lamb ragout with wholewheat pasta or Mediterranean couscous with baked smoked mackerel appearing on the elite school's menu. Another lunch option featured on the menu is a turkey and ham pie served with steamed broccoli and cauliflower and oven-baked herby rice. Fish options include roasted salmon on a bed of puy lentils, while vegetarians can enjoy dishes like chickpea, spinach and sweet potato curry. There is also a freshly made soup of the day and bread on offer each lunchtime. The school has been known to serve luxury steamed jam and coconut sponge with vanilla bean custard for dessert. Sweet options also include fresh fruit platters, yoghurts or dishes such as a Portuguese egg tart, tropical fruit smoothie or oven-baked oatmeal and raisin cookie served with a banana milkshake. Students at Thomas's, which charges up to £23,430 per year, are also given a mid-morning snack. This can include organic milk or water with fresh fruit or a pain aux raisin. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte shares key trait with Kate 'Like her mother' Eight-year-old George has been enrolled at Thomas's Battersea since 2017. Charlotte, aged seven, joined two years later in 2019. George and Charlotte are in year four and year two respectively at the southwest London prep school. But rather than being referred to by their royal titles at school, the children are referred to as George Cambridge and Charlotte Cambridge. DON'T MISS: Queen health update: Monarch holds meeting virtually but Boris John... [REPORT] Princess Charlotte shares key trait with Kate 'Like her mother' [REVEAL] Meghan 'came from nothing' but 'trampled on others' - Claim [INSIGHT] Thomas's Battersea is part of a chain of independent schools in London. The group's website describes itself as a "family-run group of co-educational independent schools in central London, which seek to give an exceptional start in life to more than 2,000 children between the ages of two and eighteen." It says it is a "lively, welcoming and supportive community, an extraordinary and far-reaching family of families, so much more than just a group of schools." The school's motto is to "Be kind" but it also encourages students to "become independent learners; to work hard; to be responsible, organised and to manage their belongings effectively." The website adds: "In the classroom, we would like them not only to make valid contributions but also to be good listeners, who respect and encourage the efforts of their peers. "We hope that, as a result of their lessons at school, our pupils will begin to take responsibility for their personal learning, reading around subjects that interest them, carrying out their own research and making full use of the many excellent resources available to them. "As a result, we would like our pupils to gain a growing sense of enquiry and wonder about the world around them; about the vast body of knowledge and skills that has brought mankind to where we are today – and about how much there is still to learn."