Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid spoke to Boris Johnson on Tuesday in his first interview with the programme in five years. As she challenged the Prime Minister over the cost of living crisis and noted a sad example of an elderly woman forced to sit on a bus during the day to save money on heating, his immediate response was to point out that he introduced the 24-hour Freedom Bus Pass. Reflecting on this on Wednesday, Reid told Richard Madeley how she had been stunned by Johnson's "lack of human response". "I think in these situations where you are challenged by an individual case, rather than claiming credit for the fact that she can travel on the bus in order to not to have to switch off from her heating, lighting and kettle and television at home, I think leaders should say, 'That sounds desperate, I do not want to be in a country where someone like Elsie feels that she has to do that, let me find out about that case, let me find out about Elsie. "'Let me talk to her and we will see what help we can get her.' "That seems to me the more human response to that sort of story." READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue She continued: "And all the party leaders, I mean we've got Sir Keir Starmer coming and we've also got Ed Davey coming in. "So you know, these moments are a challenge for parties of all different political views." It comes following the Prime Minister's reaction to hearing Elsie's story yesterday. After hearing the pensioner's situation, Johnson replied: "I just want to remind you, the 24-hour Freedom Bus Pass is something I introduced." Reid responded: "So Elsie should be grateful to you for her bus pass?" Johnson went on to state: “There are plenty more things that we are doing. “We want to make sure we have people who are in particular hardship to be looked after, so we are putting more money into local councils. “We have the particular payments to help elderly people in particular in the cost of living." DON'T MISS... Boris shamed over Elsie, 77, forced to stay on bus for warmth [LATEST]Carol McGiffin addresses Loose Women feud 'Pressure to deny a rift' [VIDEO]Strictly's Giovanni Pernice pays tribute to Anton Du Beke [INTERVIEW] At one point, Reid explained: "People right now who are paying their energy bills to be told you need to leave. Your job is to help people pay their bills!" Johnson snapped back: "So what we're doing right now is helping people with the cost of energy with the £9.1 billion that we put in was a £350 support that we're giving back straight off. "Those contributions from the taxpayer because that's what it is taxpayer's money isn't going to be enough immediately to help cover everybody for support that isn't going to work in there is more that we can cite the crucial thing.  "That crucial thing is to make sure we did with the prices over the medium and long terms." Several viewers took to social media to express their shock over the conversation. Many claimed the interview was "painful", with some claiming the Prime Minister was "shocking and embarrassing". Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.