The take-up of EVs has rocketed in recent months amid a surge in petrol and diesel prices following Russia’s war in Ukraine. Nearly 13,000 new pure EVs were sold in April – an increase of 40.9 percent on the same month last year. But new car sales overall fell 15.8 percent. People across the country have shifted gears to green cars with EV sales during April 2022 making up 10.8 percent of the market, up from 6.5 percent last year. But there is a growing North-South divide when it comes to who can afford them, with around a third of all EVs being in the South East and London. Motorists in regions further up the country, like the North East, appearing more reluctant - or unable - to make the switch. Ben Nelmes, co-founder of transport research organisation New AutoMotive, said: "From Bristol to Newcastle, Brits are discovering that EVs are a great way to beat eye watering rises in petrol and diesel prices. “For example, one in five new cars in Newcastle is an EV, Lancashire has almost tripled its EV sales since last April. “Although areas across the UK are switching at different rates, the important thing is that motorists are making the switch and these figures are only going to increase. “As the cost-of-living crisis drives motorists away from polluting ICE vehicles, second-hand EVs will help even more people make the switch. “As prices continue to rise at the pump, Ministers in London should be looking north of the border to see how they can help even more people access the benefits of switching to an EV." Quentin Willson, founder of the FairCharge campaign, said drivers across the country have begun to see the benefits of driving EVs, with a surge in sales outside of the South of England. But he added: “There is still an unfortunate perception of EVs as middle class - and expensive - even though the total cost of ownership over four years is less than combustion cars.”  “The Government isn’t helping with their divisive VAT policy. Those with driveways and garages who can charge at home only pay 5 percent VAT, but those who have to use public chargers pay 20 percent. “This fiscal policy is creating a new class barrier – those with driveways and those without.” The divide may widen as fewer people might commit to buying electric vehicles amid the cost of living crisis, despite the Government’s plans to end the sale of new petrol and diesel cars by 2030. The average cost to buy an EV in the UK is around £44,000 but prices range from around £15,000 up to over £135,000. A report by Volkswagen Financial Services said: “The cost-of-living squeeze will probably mean some potential EV purchasers may not commit to a switch this year, particularly as such vehicles are perceived to be more expensive in relative terms when compared to combustion engine alternatives.” A lack of access to public charge points has aso halted the roll out of EVs in some parts of Britain. EV “range anxiety” is the fear of running out of power on a journey and not being able to find a charging point. Consumer groups Which? has called for an electric vehicle charging overhaul when it revealed drivers only use the public network for 13 percent of charging. The Daily Express has called for everyone to do their bit for the planet through our Green Britain Needs You campaign.  Grandfather Anthony Hibbs has saved over £3,000 on vehicle running costs since switching to an electric vehicle. He financed his £23,300 eGolf by selling his second car more than two and a half years ago. Anthony, 60, from Newcastle-under-Lyme, in Staffordshire, said: “I retired early two years ago prompted by family illness and I am now on a fixed income. “I shudder to think how I would afford to run an ICE vehicle at my current use with the high petrol and diesel prices, maintenance and VED. “I have replaced only my tyres and a windscreen wiper in over two years, so the EV is saving me a considerable amount. I’m so pleased I chose to switch to an electric vehicle in 2019.” Anthony used to spend £100 on fuel each month and £38per month on his lease, and now spends £16 on his lease and no road tax. Before committing to a pure EV, Anthony drove a hybrid for seven year. He said: “I played ‘could I live with an EV?’ for several months. On my travels I looked for chargers, I noted my mileage - what range would be required? How convenient would it be to charge? “After a while I convinced myself an EV would be a practical and cost effective choice." To find out more about switching to an EV, visit electriccar.guide/ Jane Zdanowski switched to an electric vehicle when she was forced to take her 10-year-old car to a neighbouring town for refuelling. The 70 year old drives a Peugeot e-208 which she charges mostly at her Nottinghamshire home. She said: “Buying my Peugeot was a significant expense, but it was an investment that has paid off significantly. “Peugeot also provided me with a free charger for my driveway. Of course, maintaining an EV is also cheaper, so that’s a bonus!” “We live in a semi-rural area, and we had to drive to the next town over to refuel our 10 year old Toyota Yaris. “This meant that I was using petrol and spending a fair bit of time, just to refuel my car. “I was already concerned with air quality, so when it came time to replace our petrol car, we decided to see if our solar panels could charge an EV for free. They could!" 1. Electric cars should cost hundreds of pounds less to charge compared to filling the same size car with petrol or diesel. But pick an inefficient car or a pricey charger, and you could end up paying more to run your electric vehicle. 2. Those who have off-street parking (eg, a garage or driveway) and can charge at home should be able to get the cheapest rates unless they are able to consistently use free charging points. 3. You will have to pay more to charge your car using some public charging points. Some chargers are so pricey that you could end up paying more than you would to fuel the equivalent-sized petrol or diesel car. 4. Various businesses and attractions do offer free charging, as well as retail parks and regular car parks. Zap-Map is a useful resource. Its app and website has mapped over 95% of the available chargers in the UK.