The Eurovision Song Contest is returning to screens with the countries singing live from Turin in Italy. This year is expected to be extra special as fans are celebrating the first post-Covid competition. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how to watch all the action. Eurovision is back for another year under the theme The Sound of Beauty. All of the countries will be taking to the stage either in the semi-finals or, in the cast of the Big Five, on Saturday's final. There are two rounds of semi-finals to come, with 17 countries taking part in the first round. The remaining 18 will sing on Thursday, May 12, with the Big Five - Spain, Italy, France, Germany and the UK - performing on Saturday. The first semi-final will take place tonight, May 10, from 9pm CEST, which is 8pm UK time. READ MORE: Norway’s Eurovision 2022 win 'sealed’ with ‘novelty’ Subwoolfer song Hosted by Rylan Clark and Scott Mills, the event will be available to watch in the UK on BBC Three and BBC iPlayer. The same can be said for the second semi-final on Thursday. As for Saturday's final, Graham Norton will be leading the proceedings over on BBC One. There will also be coverage on BBC Radio 2 and BBC Sounds. As for those who are not living in the UK, the competition will air live on a main terrestrial channel in all of the participating countries. There will also be a live stream on the official Eurovision YouTube channel. There will be three hosts for the competition this year, who will be reporting back live from Turin. They are Italian television presenter Alessandro Cattelan, singer Laura Pausini and singer Mika. TikTok star and singer-songwriter Sam Ryder is representing the UK with his single Space Man. After viewers have cast their votes, each national spokesperson from the 40 participating countries will present the points of their professional jury live to the world. DON'T MISS... Sophie Ellis-Bextor warns of ‘nul points’ score’ at Eurovision news [INSIGHT] Eurovision fix row: Italy singer Mahmood's experience exposed [EXPLAINER] Portugal Eurovision 2022 song: What does Maro’s performance mean? [INSIGHT] Strictly Come Dancing star AJ Odudu will be the United Kingdom’s spokesperson. After the presentation of the scores, the televoting points from all participating countries will be combined, providing one score for each song. These results will then be announced by the hosts and the winner will be announced on Saturday night. Sam Ryder opened up about how he has found the process so far and his thoughts on winning this year. Speaking to officialcharts.com he said: "For me, it can't be something that I think about. "I can't be thinking about my name on that scoreboard - because I've been singing for so many years and never had my name on any scoreboards, you know? "I'm not changing that approach. I can't. Some of my favourite Eurovision memories have nothing to do with the final results. "But then again, this wouldn't exist without the scoreboard and that moment. So you, again, have to find a balance. "I'm going into it with positivity and joy and happiness. Everything else is out of my control."  The Eurovision semi-finals air on BBC Three tonight and Thursday, with Saturday's grand final airing on BBC One.