Tube staff have threatened to throw London transport into chaos over the Platinum Jubilee weekend with strike action at Euston and Green Park stations. The National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers has announced a proposed 24-hour strike for Friday, June 3 with the aim to cause “significant disruption.” A GB News panel discussing the suggested strike action slammed the threats of bank holiday disorder from the rail union.    Host Simon Evans said: “It wouldn't be a bank holiday without a tube strike  - a gift to her majesty.” Scottish comedian and writer Leo Kearse added: “Mick Lynch, the RMT general secretary has said that staff at Euston and Green park have suffered years of sustained bullying by a manger who has created a toxic working environment. “Oh boo hoo, you big babies.” Mr Kearse mocked the announced of Mick Lynch, general secretary of the rail union, RMT. In a statement issued by RMT, MR Lynch said: “The union has tried in vain to reason with management, but they now will not let local representatives be part of a review into dismissals at the stations, instigated by the manager in question.”    Mr Evans asked: “Has he just dug around to find some excuse for a tube strike?” “Well, you know what unions love? They love not doing any work.” replied Mr Kearse. He continued: “The only reason to join a union, there’s no other reason, is to not do any work so you’ve got an excuse and you get some sort of extended bank holiday. “This is the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday, it’s going to be sunny out, you might want to be out in the sunshine, frolicking around in a paddling pool instead of under the ground driving a tube train.” Read more: Prince Edward takes the Tube after Duke of Edinburgh engagement   The GB News host highlighted the specific choice by RMT to target the weekend of the Queen’s Jubilee ceremony. He said: “I do think it is extraordinary that they want to strike on a bank holiday and I would’ve thought they’re probably on double pay anyway.” Mr Kearse added: “And it’s not just any bank holiday, it’s the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, probably one of her last big appearances. “It just shows that the RMT and Mick Lynch have no respect for the Queen and no respect for this country.” Don't miss:London Jubilee Tube strike chaos: Drivers to SHUT DOWN station [REVEAL]Queen makes surprise appearance at Paddington to open new rail line [PICTURES]Tube map blunder features incorrect information for Elizabeth Line [REPORT] In his press statement, Mr Lynch said: "Our strike on June 3 will cause significant disruption to people wishing to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee. “However, if tube bosses do the right thing, and deal appropriately with the manager in question, we can find a just resolution to this dispute." The strike focus on Euston and Green Park, two major connecting stations, is certain to cause major disruption across the London transport network. The walkout by staff would cause chaos across tube services involving the Northern, Victoria, Piccadilly, and Jubilee lines.   