The digital bank is rewarding existing customers for each of the first 20 family and friends they refer. Additionally, the people being referred will also receive £20 if they deposit £20 within 30 days of opening their Chase account.  Britons have to be customers of Chase and  successfully refer a person in order to claim the £20. The scheme, announced today, will provide customers with a unique referral link in their Chase app. They can then share this link with family and friends. The reward scheme, which is added to an array of others provided by Chase, is meant to allow customers to easily share and refer the digital bank.     Deborah Keay, chief marketing officer of Chase in the UK, commented: “The new refer-a-friend offer is just a small token from us to reward our customers and make it easy for them to share and recommend the Chase experience to their family and friends. “With our new refer-a-friend offer and the recent launch of the Chase Saver, customers banking with Chase can enjoy one of the most competitive current accounts on the market." Alongside the reward scheme, Chase has also announced a new savings option with a competitive 1.5 percent interest rate. The easy access savings account has been hailed by Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis as the best on offer at the moment.  He appeared on ITV’s This Morning earlier in the week, noting that Britons may be better off using savings accounts than Premium Bonds. He said: “The best easy access savings account right now is with Chase Bank which pays 1.5 percent.” Interest rates are steadily turning in favour of savers, as the Bank of England announced a fourth rise since late 2021. The base rate sat at a record low of 0.1 percent for most of the pandemic.  It has since risen at several intervals, now standing at one percent. Chase's debit card cashback offers customers one percent cashback on everyday spending. Lastly, their unique roundup savings options rounds up spending to the nearest pound and automatically sets it aside. These savings are provided with an intensely attractive five percent interest rate.  This method has been a popular savings tactic for Britons to help beef up their savings without impacting their spending. As the bank is entirely digital, customers can open a current account on the app in a matter of minutes. Support is also available to customers through the app 24/7. Chase is the consumer and commercial banking business of JP Morgan Chase & Co.