A Negroni cocktail is one of the best drinks to enjoy outdoors in the summer. With the Platinum Jubilee happening soon, celebrate Her Majesty The Queen with afternoon tea and accompany lunches with the delicious drink. Distinctive with its bitter and slightly cherry-like taste, Negroni is one of the simplest cocktails to make. It simply consists of three ingredients which are gin, sweet vermouth and Campari and can be enjoyed topped with ice and an orange slice. You can also add soda water to make it a touch more sparkling. While you can make the drink at home with a cocktail kit, you can also buy pre-mixed Negroni bottles which make it even easier to bring to parties. And if you fancy having other drinks, find the best deals on Pimm's and Aperol Spritz here. Here are the best you can find on Negroni in the UK. Amazon is currently selling the cheapest bottle of Negroni from Campari and all you'll need to do is add ice and an orange peel. On sale for 24 percent off, shoppers can buy a 50cl bottle with 26 percent ABV for £14.49. In addition, a small 30cl bottle of Tayer Vetiver Negroni on The Bottle Club is on sale for £14.99. Amazon shoppers can also get a bottle of Coppa Cocktails ready to drink Negroni for £17.09 and with a lower ABV of 14.9 percent, it makes it a good daytime option. Marks and Spencer also has a bottle of its Golden Negroni with a 23 percent ABV and available for £19.25. Other popular pre-mixed bottles include the Myatt's Field Negroni bottle which has 27.6 percent ABV and priced at £25. Buy: Campari on Amazon (£14.49) Buy: The Bottle Club (£14.99) Buy: Coppa Cocktails on Amazon (£17.09) Buy: Marks & Spencer via Ocado (£19.25) Buy: Myatt's Field Cocktail on Amazon (£25) If you're looking to buy a Negroni bundle with bottles of gin, Campari and vermouth, then Amazon is selling a bundle that has Bulldog London dry gin, Campari and Cinzano Vermouth for £39.70 and it should last a long time. Buy: Amazon (£39.70) Save on a bottle of Campari on Amazon and buy a 70cl size for £14. You can also gift this beautiful Campari Liqueur limited-edition art pack which has an elegant illustrated poster and it's £15.89 on The Bottle Club. Buy: Amazon (£14) Buy: The Bottle Club (£15.89) Plus, to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee, Campari has also launched a special "Platinum Jubilee Negroni Cocktail" which combines the queen's favourite Dubonnet wine instead of vermouth, with gin and Campari. Paolo Tonellotto, bartender and Campari Cocktail Expert said: “The Negroni was created for an Italian count, so it seems fitting to create this version for a British monarch. It brings a touch of Milan to Windsor, combining two of her favourite drinks with CAMPARI. We’re sure this regal take on the world’s favourite cocktail will surprise and delight the British public over Jubilee weekend”. Here's the recipe for the drink. Pour the CAMPARI, Gin and Dubonnet into the glass with ice, stir, add the garnishes, and enjoy!