The Prince of Wales is stepping in to represent the Queen at the State Opening of Parliament. The heir to the throne will be joined by his son, Prince William. The ceremony will mark the start of the parliamentary next year and is the main ceremonial event in the Parliamentary calendar. It is understood that The Prince is Wales will read the Queen's Speech on behalf of his mother. Speaking on GB News, the panellists discussed the upcoming speech and how Charles could be told to step down if he fails the Queen's Speech "audition".    Speaking on GB News, comedian Sajeela Kershi said: "The reason why she [the Queen] can't make it [to the Opening of State Parliament] is because she has got episodic mobility problems. "They decided that Prince Charles is going to speak instead. "He is the heir to the throne and, I guess, this is going to be a chance to see if he's up to job [of being King]". She added: "I have to say, I don't know about you but I don't know if Charles and Camilla are really cut out. "I would like to see William [be King]". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: This is urgent! Queen sent warning over Harry role as William steps in Comedian Leo Kearse said: "Do you think they should, if Charles fails the audition, they should just skip and go direct to the next generation". Prince Charles is the eldest son of Queen Elizabeth II and her late husband, the Duke of Edinburgh. The speech is due to be delivered at around 11am on May 10. This is the first time the Queen is due to miss the event in 53 years. READ MORE: Meghan Markle should bid for US president: Biden's sister backs Duchess to lead USA The Queen missed the State Opening of Parliament in 1959 and 1963,  when she was pregnant with Prince Andrew and then Prince Edward. Although the 73-year-old has previously accompanied Her Majesty to the State Opening a few times before, this will be the first time he has acted in place of the monarch. At the event, the Queen's throne will remain empty in the House of Lords DON'T MISS The Prince of Wales and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall will sit in their usual seats, whilst William will be sat on the opposite side to Camilla. This is the latest in a number of events the 96-year-old has been forced to miss in recent months, due to ill health. The Queen was forced to miss out on the Maundy Thursday service last month. Prince Charles attended this service on her behalf.