The 30-year-old, who wishes to remain anonymous, said she "lost control of her bladder and began being sick" when she started "struggling to breathe" while in Manchester Royal Infirmary's waiting room. The mum-of-one went to the hospital at around 11.30pm on May 12 after feeling "nauseous, quivering and suffering vertigo". When she arrived, she says nurses told her it would be an eight-hour wait, which she says she understood as the hospital was very busy at the time. After waiting for two hours she claims she began feeling like she could "hardly breathe". She told the Manchester Evening News: "I began to be sick in the A&E corridor and began to also lose control of my bladder and urinated on my sleepwear. "Two men who were also in the waiting room saw what happened and got me towels from the toilet to clean myself up. "I was so grateful to them but felt quite embarrassed because I was being sick and wetting myself at the same time." The woman said a nurse then took her through to a ward, where she received an anti-sickness tablet. She claims she was then told to go back to the waiting room - to sit in the clothes she had been sick and urinated in. Despite "not feeling any better," the woman claims she was still not seen by a medic for any observations to be taken. "I used what little energy I had to take myself to speak with one of the nurses and explained how I felt,” she added. "They did my observations, which showed my heart rate and blood pressure were raised. I wasn’t even offered a gown or anything to change into while I was wet." The woman, from Trafford, Greater Manchester, claims she was in the waiting room until 8.30am, only to be told by a "very kind" doctor that none of the tests could give an indication as to why she was in pain, or suffering the symptoms which brought her to A&E, and will now be sent for further neurological investigations. "I suffer from panic attacks, severe anxiety and depression, and that made me ten times worse. I wouldn’t have been bothered had they given me a gown to sit in," she added. "If I am ever really poorly now I will think twice about going to the hospital as I feel traumatised by how I’ve been treated, it’s taken away what very little confidence I had." A spokesperson for Manchester University NHS Foundation Trust said: "We sincerely apologise to the patient for their poor experience when attending our emergency department and we will be discussing this with them."