It did not take long for the hard Left of the Labour Party to react to what was going on in the country. Diane Abbott went out and blasted Starmer for failing to make a real impact with voters, the hard Left Momentum was not far behind. Then the Techne UK/Express tracker poll confirmed that the national picture shows the Conservatives are still very much in contention in a general election despite midterm blues and Partygate while Labour will need a Rejoiner alliance to form a Government. Already the leftwing social media and chat platforms are abuzz with how they can remove the Labour leader. The hard Left took Starmer’s decision to purge them badly - not surprisingly - and now they sniff a chance for revenge. Like a man struggling for his political life on a sinking ship, Starmer will no doubt desperately hold on to councils his party took from the Tories in London. And it is true to say that Westminster (Conservative since it was formed in 1964), Wandsworth (Margaret Thatcher's favourite council) and Barnet (with a significant Jewish vote) are all iconic in their own right. But all this has confirmed is the Remainer/Leaver divide that now exists as the political faultline in the UK and will do for some time. Wandsworth 75 percent Remain, Westminster 69 percent Remain and Barnett 62 percent Remain tell their own story now the horror of a Corbyn government is a reason not to vote Labour. But beyond that the impact and gains in former Labour Red Wall areas were mediocre at best and in some cases negligible. Polling expert Sir John Curtice noted that Labour had not done enough to win those areas back. A source close to the Prime Minister told me: “It will be very different when people’s minds are focussed at a general election. Our vote will go up significantly.” Another pollster Matt Singh tweeted about how the results were typical midterm blues. Starmer has failed to make an impact beyond removing some of the toxicity which came with Corbyn. Unfortunately for him he has also removed the charisma which also came with Corbyn and inspired many on the Left. Then there is the issue of beergate. READ MORE: Darren Grimes tears into Keir Starmer after Labour London win Starmer’s strategy for two months has been - in the words of his own colleagues - to “bang on” about Boris Johnson having to resign over Partygate in Downing Street. But now Durham Police have confirmed that they too will have another look at the event on April 30 when Starmer, his deputy Angela Rayner and other Labour activists devoured more than £200 of curry, washed it down with beer and carried on past the 10pm deadline. If he is fined then by his own definition Starmer will be a criminal and should resign. DON'T MISS Brexit-bashing London loves Labour... but Starmer has failed abysmally [INSIGHT] Local elections 2022 results in full - who won in your area? [REVEAL] POLL: Should Boris Johnson resign over local election results? [REACT] The decision to focus on the Prime Minister’s mistakes over drinking in Downing Street was already a mistake because few people really cared because they are more focussed on the cost of living crisis. Now it looks like it could spectacularly backfire. Starmer is not a man who inspires great loyalty, he is quite bland, but he has had few real answers to the genuine issues in people’s lives. Now he looks like the party leader in most peril and it is all of his own making.