The political landscape has transformed to a great extent since the last vote was cast in Scotland in 2017. Both Labour and Conservatives have new leaders, the UK has now left the European Union, and with the nation facing a pandemic and the worst cost of living crisis in recent history on top of this, the results of this election will paint a very clear picture of the national mood. As the first local election since partygate unfolded, which saw Prime Minister Boris Johnson and a number of Tory MPs fined for their attendance at lockdown-busting Downing Street parties, this will be a major test for Conservative leadership. This year’s election will also likely be a verdict on Mr Johnson and First Minister Nicola Sturgeon’s handling of national crises, such as the spiralling cost of living and the Covid pandemic. Despite these factors, what decides the verdict of a local election is of course more localised, such as policies on vital services in the defined areas, which include social care, environment, waste collection, schools, and so on. In Scotland, many councils are led by a number of political parties. READ MORE: Local elections: Labour warned over underestimating Boris  This is due to councils in Scotland using the single transferable vote (STV) system, which allows voters to rank candidates and the results are confirmed based on these preferences instead of the winner-take-all system used in England, known as first-past-the-post. The parties that each reach the set quota of votes will share leadership over the respective councils. As the new political and economic landscape continues to disrupt the nation, typically favoured parties may have diminished since the last election, meaning the upcoming election might see new leadership in a number of areas. Here are the three key battlegrounds in Scotland to watch in May 2022’s local election.  Located southwest of Glasgow, the East Renfrewshire local authority was formed in 1996. The administration is currently a coalition between the SNP, Labour and Independent Councillor Danny Devlin. However, this election will see a three-way battle between the Conservatives, Labour and the SNP, with each aiming to become the largest party. The declaration of this result is expected around 2pm on Friday, May 6. DON'T MISS: Scottish election polls: Voters turn on Nicola Sturgeon [INSIGHT]How to find out where you are registered to vote [EXPLAINED]Sturgeon's independence dream could SHATTER after local election [ANALYSIS]     The SNP and Labour have jointly run the administration of Edinburgh for the last five years, however, the Conservatives are currently the largest party on the council. The Lib Dems and Green Party both have a smaller proportion of councillors, but they still hope to make gains from the larger parties in this election. The declaration of this result is expected around 3:30pm on Friday, May 6.  The Aberdeenshire council is made up of 70 elected councillors spanning nine parties, with a higher proportion of councillors belonging to the SNP, the Conservatives, and the Liberal Democrat parties. Whether or not this leadership continues will hinge on the popularity in Scotland of the Conservative UK leader, Mr Johnson. All 70 councillor’s seats will be up for grabs, and the declaration of this result is expected at 3pm on Friday, May 6. To find out where your local polling station will be to cast your vote, click here. 