Facts4EU.Org has crunched the latest numbers for food price inflation from the EU Commission’s statistics agency and compared these to the latest official figures from the UK’s Office for National Statistics. When comparing April 2022 with April 2021, the UK has a food price inflation rate of 6.7 percent, while the average of the 27 EU member states comes in at 8.9 percent. Rejoiner claims are being destroyed as the summary reveals most of the EU27 are suffering far more pain than the UK and in some cases, their rate is three times worse. In a further blow to them, Britain's food price inflation is below not just the Eurozone average and the EU27 average, but also below that of a staggering 20 EU member states. Spain's is 54 percent higher at 22 percent in the year-long period, while Germany - home to the EU's largest economy - has a food inflation figure that is 27 percent higher at 8.5 percent. Lithuania tops the list with food price inflation of 22.1 percent, followed by Bulgaria (21 percent), Latvia (17.7 percent), Hungary (17.3 percent) and Estonia Estonia (14.9 percent). Other countries with higher food price inflation include Poland (12.3 percent), Greece (11.3 percent), Portugal (10.7 percent), the Netherlands (8.5 percent) and Austria (8.1 percent). Only Ireland (3.6 percent), France (4.3 percent), Finland (5.1 percent), Belgium and Luxembourg (both 5.5 percent), Italy (6.7 percent) and Sweden (also 6.7 percent) are above the UK in the list. In its analysis, Facts4EU said these latest figures show that while the UK does not have the lowest food price inflation, "it is well away from having the worst compared to the EU, Eurozone or EU member states". The research firm also launched a furious attack on Rejoiners looking to pin the blame on anything negative - including rising inflation hitting the UK. Facts4EU.Org said: "No Brexit supporters ever went around saying that leaving the EU would result in the lowest or just lower inflation, nor did we deny at times it might go up – it was never an issue. "Inflation comes and goes and is the result of many variables. The key was always to ensure the UK had control over as many of those variables as possible. Thus, inventing straw men - such as there ever being a possibility that inflation will not change after Brexit so it can then be knocked down - is a pointless and absurd claim. "The key issue is that Brexit has not caused food price inflation. "Economists are recognising that the expansion of Quantitative Easing (the Bank of England creating money) as a result of funding expensive Covid policies is what has fed into food price inflation. "Add to this other influences such as the Ukraine War and we can expect food price inflation to last for a while yet. The research firm concluded: "Again, neither Covid nor war has anything to do with Brexit. "Overall Consumer Price Index inflation is the influence of high energy prices that have a huge influence, as well as the impacts of Putin’s war in Ukraine on a wide variety of other commodities. "So, let’s have less of the blaming Brexit. The figures show Brexit is not making food prices dearer." Last week Simon Clarke, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury insisted "throwing money" at the inflationary crisis and could in fact make it worse. He told the House of Commons, “On the cost of living, we’ve put together a £22billion package of support – including a £9billion commitment specifically on energy bills. “But we’re absolutely clear: you do not solve an inflationary crisis by throwing money at that problem, you could worsen the issue which you’re seeking to address. “The Chancellor will keep all of these issues under close review – I can assure you he most certainly does – and we will bring forward a programme of measures at such time that they’ll make the right difference in a targeted way which does not make the very problem worse that we all need to solve.”