On Tuesday, Meghan Markle's estranged father, Thomas Markle was admitted to hospital following a stroke. The health scare has reportedly left the 77-year-old unable to speak. Although Meghan has not spoken to her father since 2018, journalist Dan Wootton discussed how he hopes Mr Markle's "brush with death" will give Meghan "the opportunity to reconsider" her feud with her father. Speaking on GB News, Mr Wootton said: "Now I have got to know Thomas over the past few years, he is a good soul, whose family means everything to him. "I pray for his recovery, and even more, I pray this brush with death will give Meghan the opportunity to reconsider her decision to freeze out the dad, she used to publicly praise, as her beloved daddy on social media websites. He added: "It's just too short, isn't it. "To treat your blood relatives with such cruelty". READ MORE: 'She's no fool' Queen is 'breaking free from past' as she prepares William and Kate Mr Wootton sent a message to Thomas, he said "London will be waiting for you [Thomas] when you recover". Last month, Mr Markle announced that he was planning to fly to the UK in June for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. During his revelation, he said he has hopes to meet members of the royal family and his grandchildren – Archie and Lilibet – for the first time. During his interview with GB News last month, Mr Markle said it was "very rude" of Prince Harry and Meghan not to have brought their children to see the Queen. READ MORE: 'Good PR for Duchess' Meghan Markle urged to make peace with ailing dad after stroke The time he is referring to was when the couple made a UK pitstop to visit the 96-year-old monarch on their way to The Hague for the Invictus Games in April. Meghan and her father had not spoken since 2018. Their relationship became strained in 2018 after Thomas was caught on CCTV staging paparazzi photos. DON'T MISS During Meghan and Harry's Oprah interview in 2021, Meghan said her father “betrayed” her by talking to the tabloid press. Prior to the wedding, it was initially announced that Thomas, who was previously close to his daughter, would walk Meghan down the aisle at her wedding to Prince Harry. Thomas was forced to pull out of attending the wedding after suffering a heart attack and had to undergo surgery. Prince Charles took on the role of walking his daughter-in-law down the aisle.