The new Elizabeth line is represented by a white-and-purple line on the new map, but many online users have wondered why it has been added to the Tube map at all as it is an overground service. The Elizabeth line will open to passengers on May 24. Londoners will see new signs across stations with the updated directions. Julie Dixon, interim customer and revenue director at Transport for London, explained: "When we open on Tuesday, May 24, the new Elizabeth line will begin providing greater connectivity and step-free access from Reading and Heathrow to Shenfield and Abbey Wood through the centre of London. "This latest Tube map is a real credit to the team who have put it together. READ MORE: Simon Calder shares essential tip amid passport chaos "It has been both a challenge and a privilege to update Harry Beck’s original design to literally put a new piece of transport history on the map." After the release of the new underground map, travellers took to social media to comment on the changes with many saying it's "a mess". Twitter user Chris Curtis commented: "What on earth is going on at Paddington?"  Another one, Jim Waterson, said: "Already a mess and Crossrail isn't opening a through line so temporarily they have to show a split, because there are no direct trains through the station for first timetable. "A good decision to get the thing launched faster." Matt Wells commented: "Ugh that's a mess around Liverpool St, Moorgate." Social media user @taraconlan agreed: "Ugh! You’re right. "There and Paddington giving off toy connected straws vibes!" Nikolaj Steen Møller said: "Wow, Paddington's a hot mess!" @Mint_Steer said Goodge Street and Tottenham Court Road are "confusing as heck". The Elizabeth line will run 12 trains per hour Monday to Saturday between Paddington and Abbey Wood. The Elizabeth line, named in the Queen's honour, was due to be completed in December 2018. However, the launch was postponed indefinitely when as its construction took longer than expected. The total cost has been estimated at £18.9billion.