Apparently she combs car-boot sales for mugs featuring her mum-in-law, snaps up bargain biscuit tins festooned with corgis and just like the rest of us has a soft spot for a three-tiered cake stand embossed with the features of the late Queen Mum. OK... I might be embroidering the details, but who didn’t embark on a bunting-adorned flight of fancy at the thought of the Duchess coughing up actual legal tender for majestic merch, when she is, bar the rubber stamp, Queen-in-waiting? It’s like Justin Bieber buying a tombola ticket with an “I’m a Belieber” sweatshirt as the star prize. Is she pulling a fast one, claiming to be a collectibles hound for PR purposes? Does she want to appear to be “down with” we normal folk? I don’t think so. We know she can’t wait to leave the gilded Highgrove halls to charge back to ciggies and comfy slippers at her own family home, Ray Mill House. We know she’s a hands-on grandma – not especially royal, a devourer of books – not very royal, and rarely seen on horseback – distinctly unroyal! Is she really just like us? Camilla told her foodie son Tom in an interview that her favourite dishes are not, as we might expect, quail, crêpes Suzette and boeuf en croute. Top of her delicious hit parade are Heinz baked beans on toast. Coming a close second, fish and chips wrapped in paper. We know she’s telling the truth because she doesn’t say “newspaper” which is now strictly prohibited. Delightfully, she says her mother Rosalind Shand, who taught her to cook, was frustrated by her propensity to eat frozen chicken pies and admits she could fill a book with her cooking disasters. Note the absence of the words “organic” or even “free trade”. Note the brand loyalty of generations of impressionable telly-watchers programmed to believe “Beanz Meanz Heinz”. Note the lack of “wokeness”, absence of veganism and disregard for fad or fashion, not a jot of quinoa to be seen here, thank you. I wouldn’t call myself a Camilla convert but I am coming to admire the cut of her jib. ---------- Dame Mary Berry says she’s delighted by the unbridled inventiveness of the 5,000 entries to the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Pudding competition. Subjects of all ages have been inspired to concoct confections of cream, fruit, marrons glaces and sugar of the spun, crystalised, icing and caster varieties. The five finalists will be put through their paces on Thursday on BBC1 and an enthralled nation is itching to try its hand at creating and most particularly consuming the winning recipe. We are agog to watch Mary sampling the winning dish. Will she confine herself to a trademark single sideways chew? Or will she be so transported by gastronomic ecstasy that she scrapes the sides and demolishes spoonfuls of the delightful delicacy in full view of us all? ---------- Imagine this... you’re pretty nifty at acting. It is your forte and calling. Yet your mum just happens to be Dame Judi Dench. Should you do a course in welding and give the stage a wide berth knowing you’ll forever be compared and found wanting? Or should you stick doggedly to your thespian guns and pursue a career on stage trying to transcend comparisons on an hourly basis. Dame J’s charming daughter, Finty Williams, 49, has managed to retain her sense of humour in the face of multiple rejections by the RSC. “They still don’t want me, which is fine,” she says, adding: “I do think a certain member of my family has got in there and played all the parts I could now play. And amazingly rather well.” Finty sounds utterly delightful. ---------- Let's hope Victoria Beckham who posted a snap with Harper, captioned “weekend shopping with mummy” enjoys harmonious shopping with the pre-pubescent sweetheart while she can. Mums of teenagers will attest to the perils of retail therapy with hormonal offspring inclined to tears and tantrums not to mention bouts of self-loathing, demands for entirely unsuitable attire and a sudden desire for inappropriate piercings. Online purchases made in a relaxed manner from the comfort of the sofa knock spots off the interminable schleps around Brent Cross in search of the perfect outfit we all knew from the outside did not exist. ---------- After four months on the “Gram” I now understand the urge to film your children, or in my case grandchildren, and stick their adorable faces and delightful antics up on Insta for the whole universe to cherish. Obviously my grandbabies are the most gorgeous ever created and I am desperate to share their enchanting adventures with my 157,000 followers. My daughters are much less keen. One will only allow her offspring to be seen if their faces are hidden by emojis, the other reluctantly agrees occasionally but quite clearly doesn’t like it. Now MPs are calling for tighter labour laws to protect child influencers who might be exploited by parents. Guilt is subsuming me. I’d better speedily stop fighting the fatwa and while systematically invading my own, give my descendants their privacy. ---------- Do you want proof of a looming cost-of-living crisis of Dickensian proportions? Look no further than the warning from London Fire Brigade about people resorting to making wood fires in their living rooms despite the almost inevitable dangerous conflagration. So far the LFB has been called to more than 100 out-of-control wood-burning fires. We’ve heard about the choice between heating or eating. Making the potentially fatal decision to build a rudimentary fire rather than turn on the heating is surely one of the most alarming examples of families engulfed in the pure panic of escalating inflation?