The video, released by the Ukrainian military, purportedly shows images of Ukrainian forces successfully shooting and blowing up a Russian super-tank worth £4m just a few days after it was first rolled out in the ongoing conflict. The tank, with reinforced steel and a special automatic defence system, is believed to be a highly advanced Russian T-90M and it seems to be the first to be destroyed in Ukraine. The video shows the moment the £4m Russian T-90M super-tank is blown up and successfully destroyed by the Ukrainian army. The tank is believed to be one of Russia’s most advanced tanks, protected by a special reactive armour. The armour is designed to automatically explode when hit to decrease the power of an incoming round. Besides the armour self-explosion system, the tank is also protected with an automated defence system, which is designed to release fire smoke grenades when pointed by an incoming missile through a laser beam. The drone that captured the explosion images was monitoring the T-90M tank in the middle of a missile attack. The tank is seen heading towards the woods and consequently being blown up by the Ukrainian army engaged in the attack. Together with the tank, the footage also shows images of a Russian thermobaric rocket system being targeted by the Ukrainian forces and consequently being destroyed. The Ukrainian military said the attack took place in the north-easter Ukrainian region of Kharkiv Oblast. READ MORE: Putin could 'tip' France into war with Russia, security analyst warns Intelligence officers identified clusters of Russian equipment in the region, and the Command of the Special Operations Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine also confirmed the reports on Monday. They said: “In the Kharkiv region, during reconnaissance operations, our soldiers discovered clusters of enemy equipment, including heavy armoured and lightly armoured vehicles”. The region is believed to be under constant and sustained Russian attack since the begging of the war in late February. Kharkiv is Ukraine’s second-largest city, and reports from Ukraine seem to confirm that the city went through a heavy bombardment a few days ago as part of Russia’s renewed push in the east of the country. DON'T MISS: ‘Desperate’ Starmer abandons Partygate attack on Boris [WATCH]Truss prepares 'mad-man' strategy to torpedo hated deal [LISTEN]Newsnight: Nicola Sturgeon branded ‘liar’ over Ferry Fiasco [INSIGHT] In light of the attack, Kharkiv’s regional military administration said that one person was killed and five were injured “as a result of enemy artillery and mortar strikes”. Referring to Kharkiv, President Volodymyr Zelensky also said: “The situation in Kharkiv is tough. “But our military, our intelligence, have important tactical success”.