George Russell has warned Mercedes were ‘hurt’ by battling with Red Bull during parts of the Spanish Grand Prix. The Mercedes rookie enjoyed an intense battle with Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez but was unable to hold onto the Red Bull’s pace. However, he benefited from a mechanical failure from Charles Leclerc to ensure he finished third for the second time in Mercedes colours. Russell said: “It hurt us a lot to be honest but when I had the Red Bulls in my mirrors all I was doing was everything to keep them behind but it was an enjoyable couple of laps and I'm pleased to be able to bring it home for P3 and the points for the team. Well done to Max, he did a great job." Russell's podium comes after an impressive uptick of pace for Mercedes at the Spanish Grand Prix. The team appeared a lot closer to Red Bull and Ferrari all weekend but still seemed to be a fraction slower on Sunday. Lewis Hamilton made contact with Kevin Magnussen on the first lap but fought back to score points for the Silver Arrows. READ MORE: Hamilton tipped to make Russell worry as he heaps pressure on Mercedes  Russell's podium and Leclerc's retirement means the Mercedes rookie has been brought closer to the title fight. He now lies just 36 points behind new leader Verstappen with more upgrades yet to come. Russell added: "Today was very tough, I gave it everything I could, just so proud to be standing here as the guys have worked so hard. Pleased to be able to bring it home in P3, lots of points on the board for us. Very difficult last few laps, it was a survival race.” DON'T MISSMercedes predict they will 'close down' Ferrari and Red Bull  [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff shares Lewis Hamilton's private message about car [ANALYSIS]George Russell agrees with Carlos Sainz and compares F1 health risks [COMMENT] Mercedes suffered some late mechanical issues with both drivers given stark warnings from their race engineers. Russell and Hamilton were forced to coast around the final two laps which cost Hamilton fourth place. Mercedes had warned the issues could have been terminal and led to both drivers being forced to retire. The double points finish has also pushed Mercedes further away from the midfield in the constructors' standings. They lie now third with 120 points, 75 behind Red Bull but 70 ahead of nearest rivals McLaren.