Piers Morgan, 54, has taken to Twitter in response to the furore surrounding Prime Minister Boris Johnson and the so-called Partygate scandal. The Talk TV presenter shared a post by political editor, Steven Swinford, who issued an update on the controversial matter.  In view of Steven’s 78,800 followers, he shared an article that gave insight into Sue Gray's report, in response to a post by Allie Hodgkins-Brown, who released the front page headline of a newspaper on her Twitter account yesterday.  According to multiple reports, Mr Johnson is alleged to have attempted to meet with Ms Gray in the run-up to long-awaited report into lockdown-breaking parties in Downing Street  Allie captioned the post: “Tuesday’s TIMES: “Partying PM ‘misled Commons’ “. #TomorrowsPapersToday  Steven retweeted the article with the caption: “Exclusive with @oliver_wright READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain “Boris Johnson suggested Sue Gray should drop her full report given police investigation during secret meeting earlier this month, TheTimes told. "He is said to have asked her if there was much point in publishing it given that ‘it’s all out there’.” The Uncensored host slammed the Conservative leader after a photo was released showing Mr Johnson raising a glass at a leaving do in No 10 – an event for which others were fined but not the prime minister. In view of his 7.9 million followers, Piers responded to Steven's initial tweet, saying: “I knew it… corrupt as f***. Boris Johnson has to resign.”  Some followers rushed to the comments to share their thoughts.  @Steve5624 wrote: “How is having a drink in your house / office a sackable offence they were all there all day then had a drink it is not like they drove 250 miles to a miners club then all started drinking explain please .”  @ScottElliott10 said: “It’s a matter of TRUST and I don’t trust Boris.”  It comes after Chief Secretary to the Treasury Simon Clarke spoke on Sky News on Monday. DON'T MISS... Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] He suggested that the prime minister had privately spoken to Ms Gray, the Cabinet Office Second Permanent Secretary. It is at this meeting reports have claimed the government leader asked Ms Gray to drop the report. She is responsible for looking into and filing a report on the lockdown partygate scandal which involved certain government ministers' meeting up -  despite the strict regulations forbidding private gatherings at the time. Simon spoke with news presenter Kay Burley about who called the meeting. Kay asked: “Even if it was Mrs Gray that called the meeting, which she categorically says was not the case, and both sides saying it wasn’t them, why would [Mr Johnson] attend the meeting? “Why didn’t he just say ‘You know what, let’s wait until the report has been published, and then we can talk about it’.” Simon said: “It will have been, in essence, to receive an update. “It would have been improper or somewhat churlish to decline to have met.” Kay continued probing the MP: “But you understand the optics are not good when the head of an allegedly independent report has a private meeting with the Prime Minister?” He then concluded: “Well, the civil service is independent. “I think it’s really important we reaffirm that this process is totally independent of any political pressure.”