Cleaning window glass is a troublesome chore, with too much water or the wrong cloth running the risk of smears and smudges no matter how much you clean. However, according to Adam Pawson, head of digital at Safestyle UK, baking soda could be your best friend. The expert listed the leavening agent, traditionally used in baking, as one of his "top tips" to "keep your windows looking brand new". Also known as bicarbonate of soda, this white powder is recommended for cleaning a multitude of surfaces around the home thanks to its dirt dissolving capabilities. The mineral structure of baking soda also works as a gentle abrasive, to scrub away stubborn build-ups without running the risk of leaving harsh scratches behind. Mr Pawson explained: “Smears on windows can be very frustrating and ruin the appearance of your property but there are plenty of ways to ensure that they disappear. READ MORE: Lawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’ "Most importantly, make sure that you’re using microfibre or paper cloth to remove any dust before you begin. “Then, I’d recommend using a spray consisting of one part distilled white vinegar to 10 parts warm water which can be applied directly to a cloth before being rubbed evenly against the glass." The acidic composition of vinegar makes it an efficient natural solution to break down the kind of film that frequently accumulates on glass surfaces. Experts from Great Day Improvements said: "When you wash a window using a solution that contains vinegar, the results will almost always be free from streaks and sparkling clean." DON'T MISSWhen to deadhead lupins to 'prolong the display' [COMMENT]Laundry tips: How to soften hard towels using kitchen staple [EXPLAINER]3 ‘natural scents’ to deter rats from your garden [INSIGHT] However, it is baking soda that holds the key to a glistening shine. Mr Pawson said: "For a bit of extra sparkle, sprinkle some baking powder onto the cloth before you add the solution and it will aid the cleaning process. "If you have stubborn streaks which don’t seem to disappear, try going over the area with clean water to help remove any of the remaining solution.” Once you have cleaned the glass inside your home, be sure to pay attention to the exterior panes too. Mr Pawson explained: “This time of year brings many changes for our plants and trees, meaning that shrubbery and leaves can easily make their way to your windows. "There’s no point in cleaning the inside of your window if the outside is full of muck, so get outdoors and clear your windows of any leaves or petals to give them the perfect finish.” In the same way as the inside windows, begin by wiping away any dust or dirt which has accumulated on the glass. A mixture of vinegar and water can then be used to wash the window panes.  Mr Pawson explained: “This time of year brings many changes for our plants and trees, meaning that shrubbery and leaves can easily make their way to your windows. "There’s no point in cleaning the inside of your window if the outside is full of muck, so get outdoors and clear your windows of any leaves or petals to give them the perfect finish.” In the same way as the inside windows, begin by wiping away any dust or dirt which has accumulated on the glass. A mixture of vinegar and water can then be used to wash the window panes.