The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are returning to the UK this week to join in with the celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Speaking on GB News, Ms Levin discussed the Sussexes' return and the lack of trust surrounding them and their visit. Ms Levin said: "The Queen has handed out a sort of a peaceful olive branch to them [Harry and Meghan]. "[This is] because she wants everyone to be one of a family". She added: "I understand that because she wants everyone to be together, everyone in this country, everyone in the Commonwealth. "You can't then, sort of, allow your family to have a big row and be difficult so I think she is trying to say, to the press and everyone, please be kind and let us all try and get together". READ MORE: 'A cheat they called her Lilibet' Harry and Meghan used name to 'reinforce royal brand' Ms Levin continued: "But I don't think Harry and Meghan can be trusted anymore. "They want, like, can have somebody there who's quite clever at getting into a room". She added: "We don't know if the Netflix people are there, but I do know that they got extra security". She added that, because of this "they're not going to let them into Windsor Castle, or anything like that". READ MORE: She makes him melt! Kate Middleton branded Prince William's 'saviour behind closed doors' Ms Levin did point out that the visit will bring one "very nice moment". She said: "I think it'll be wonderful for the Queen to meet her little great-granddaughter". Meghan and Harry's daughter Lilibet was born in June last year and will celebrate her first birthday over the Jubilee weekend. She is named after the 96-year-old monarch as Lilibet was a nickname given to her by her father. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS] Her middle name, Diana, is a tribute to Harry's late mother, Diana, the Princess of Wales. Harry and Meghan now reside in the US with Lilibet and her brother Archie, who turned three earlier this month. They moved to the US after making the decision to step down as senior working royals in 2020.