Real Madrid signing Mohamed Salah this summer is a "no-brainer", according to European football expert Julien Laurens. Real have missed out on both Erling Haaland and Kylian Mbappe and Laurens says they must now make a statement signing such as Salah. The Liverpool forward is out of contract at Anfield at the end of next season. He has publicly stated he wants to stay at the club but has not put pen to paper on a new deal. Real have been linked with Salah in the past but Mbappe and Haaland were their main targets this summer. However, Haaland has agreed to join Manchester City and Mbappe rocked the Bernabeu by signing a new contract with Paris Saint-Germain. Laurens says Real now must sign Salah to get over the pain of missing out on two of Europe's hottest young talents. He said on the Gab and Juls podcast: "This is humiliation, let's be honest here. This is a humiliation. READ MORE: Liverpool have Thiago injury 'belief' but one player already confirmed to miss Real Madrid  "Not only you lost out on Erling Haaland, because you thought Mbappe was there so you didn't really push for Haaland the way you would have pushed now knowing Mbappe was not coming. Then you miss out on Mbappe. Now you have to go and make a statement. "So whether you go and try Mo Salah, which for me is a no-brainer. He would fit so well because of where he plays with Vinicius and Benzema. "And for who he is, for the market that he has, for the form that he's been in for the last five years even at his age, you go for him." Salah won the Premier League Golden Boot this season alongside Tottenham's Heung-min Son. DON'T MISSPau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transfer [GOSSIP]Four experienced players Tottenham could sign as Conte demands change in policy [TRANSFERS]Chelsea given clear indication on Ousmane Dembele as Barcelona chief speaks out [QUOTES]  Laurens' podcast co-host Gabriele Marcotti believes Liverpool may not be completely against the idea of selling Salah. But he does not expect any contact from Real before this weekend's Champions League final. Marcotti said: "So Mo Salah and Sadio Mane, for obvious reasons, I think it's inevitable that their names are going to come up because they haven't extended [their contracts]. I think if you're Real Madrid you want to keep this quiet, you don't even go there, because obviously you're playing Liverpool in the Champions League final. "After the final, if I'm Salah's agent, you say 'hey, I haven't signed the contract with Liverpool yet, I want to stay' but you're entitled to do that, that's now negotiations work. If you're Liverpool, maybe you're not even so averse if you can get a decent fee in for him, rather than losing him for potentially a free in a year's time."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here