Buckingham Palace announced on Friday, May 6, that the Queen will be joined only by “members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties”. This means Meghan and Harry are not expected to make an appearance as they stepped back as senior royals two years ago. Despite not appearing on the iconic balcony, Meghan and Harry are still due to travel to the UK for the Jubilee from their home in Montecito, California. They are expected to bring their two children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, 11 months, with them. The couple said they were “excited and honoured to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations”. However, Daily Express Columnist Carole Malone has claimed that the Sussexes would be “booed” if they appeared on the balcony. She wrote earlier this month: “Of course, Meghan and Harry will hate the fact they’ve been lumped into the Bad Royals Box with Prince Andrew.  “Because comparisons will be made that all three of them have disgraced the Royal Family, trashed its reputation and hurt people who did nothing to deserve it. “And it’s a good thing they won't be on the balcony – it might have been the first time ever that a royal has been booed by the crowds.” Prince William faced boos from thousands of football fans during the FA Cup final between Liverpool and Chelsea at Wembley Stadium on Saturday, May 14. In response to Ms Malone’s comments, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether they would boo Meghan and Harry.  In a poll that ran from midday on Saturday, May 7, to 10am on Monday, May 16, Express.co.uk asked: “Would you boo Meghan and Harry if they appeared on the palace balcony?” A whopping 40,645 people cast their votes with the vast majority – 87 percent (35,230 people) – answering “yes”, they would boo Meghan and Harry if they appeared on the Buckingham Palace balcony. A further 12 percent (4,822 people) said “no” they would not boo and just one percent (593 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their views on Meghan and Harry attending the Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  One reader, username Radiotimes said: “As the Queen steps out I would cheer followed by other senior royals who would also be cheered but as this pair stepped out (if they were going to) I would certainly be tempted to boo.” Others commented that they would boo Meghan and Harry with username Tommy Boyde writing: “Absolutely!!!!” Another, username UK_Warrior said: “Got my loud boos ready for the Sussexes.” Username FannyAnne said: “I definitely would boo them regardless of where they are, in a crowd, amongst royals.... anywhere in fact.” And username Heidi 611wrote: “Yes boo them and turn my back on them.” DON'T MISS'All feel lonely' William and Kate open up as Meghan speaks out [LIVE BLOG]Prince William steps up to represent Queen as Duke jets to UAE after death of Sheikh [LATEST]Royal Family: Harry and Meghan face Netflix pressure to break Queen's 'ring of steel' [INSIGHT]  Some were in agreement that they considered silence more powerful than booing. Username Tia2 said: “I think a more dignified complete silence of no cheers no clapping would make a much stronger point.” Another, username Heffalump wrote: “Yes, I believe they would be booed, or at the very least there would be a near silence.” Username Viking4 wrote: “Just ignore them is a far better response.” And username Pb55 said: “Don’t boo it’s childish just go completely silent, that would be more powerful.” Meanwhile, username Margaretfan said: “Although I may wish to boo I would not, because I wouldn’t want anyone to think I was commenting on the rest of the royals.”