A capacity crowd will be in attendance to watch Manchester United's promising young stars face off against Nottingham Forest in the FA Youth Cup final tonight. Express Sport provides all the details on how to watch and follow the game live. Travis Binnion has helped lead United's youngsters to the FA Youth Cup final with the club looking for a record 11th trophy. They booked their place in Wednesday's showpiece with a 3-0 win over Wolves in the semi-finals. Charlie McNeill and Alejandro Garnacho have been the two standout performers for United in their route to the final, both scoring five goals apiece. Garnacho, 17, has recently been called up to United's first team to feature in their matchday squad. And Ralf Rangnick showed his trust in the teenager by bringing him on for his debut in the recent 1-1 draw with Chelsea. But Nottingham Forest will be no pushovers for United after they defeated Chelsea in their semi-final match 3-1. JUST IN: Wan-Bissaka tipped for Atletico move after becoming Man Utd scapegoat  Dale Taylor and Detlef Esapa Osong are both being tipped for bright futures from their displays with the youth team this year. The 2022 FA Youth Cup final will see 65,000 fans packed inside Old Trafford with tickets being sold for just £1. But for those not in attendance, the match will be available to watch for UK-based fans via stream on the FA Player. MUTV subscribers can also watch the match live online via the club's in-house TV channel. Coverage begins at 7pm BST with kick-off scheduled for 7.30pm. DON'T MISS  United haven't won the FA Youth Cup since 2011 and there were some superstar players in that team. Back then, the FA Youth Cup final was played over two legs with United facing off against Sheffield United. Sir Alex Ferguson was in the stands to watch United win their 10th FA Youth Cup with Ravel Morrison and Will Keane scoring in the second leg. Current West Brom shot-stopper Sam Johnstone played in goal for United that season. But most notably, Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard were also in the side with both players becoming internationally-recognised stars.