North facing rooms get virtually no direct sunlight, which means that the light it does receive, even if it has large windows, is bluer-toned. This can lead to the wrong colours contributing to a stark, drab atmosphere for north-facing rooms. To help pick the perfect shade for your space, experts have cited the top colours to avoid in north-facing rooms, and shared some clever tricks on how to get paint to work with you, not against you, in these spaces. Whether it's the living room or bedroom, those who have picked paint before, they’ll know it's not as easy as choosing a colour and simply painting it on your walls. Along with giving some serious consideration to the exact colour you want and its undertones, thoughts need to be made on about what the paint looks like at different times of the day and the aspect of the room can have a big impact on that. Benjamin Moore's Helen Shaw explained: “All light, especially natural light, impacts how paint colour appears on a wall and ultimately, how the paint colour looks in a room. “Cosy snugs, intimate dining rooms and small-sized rooms can lend themselves to a strong colour palette, especially when they don’t benefit from a huge amount of natural light. “Painting the rooms from floor to ceiling in rich colours can look particularly striking and you can play with light sources to create a certain mood and ambiance. “When deciding on a colour combination opt for colours with similar undertones that complement the light available in the room.” READ MORE: Home interior: The ‘unappealing’ paint colours to avoid now - ‘dingy’ Subtle, calming and inoffensive, grey has been tipped as one of the most popular paint colours of choice on countless occasions. But when it comes to north-facing spaces, grey can leave your room looking cool and crisp, rather than warm and inviting. Helen said: “North facing rooms can highlight the cooler undertones, so if you want the room to look brighter, then avoid tones with grey undertones. “For example, if you select a colour with a grey undertone, it can appear cool in a north-facing room, whereas opting for a grey-green with more green pigment will help to warm a north-facing room – yet may feel too green in a south-facing room. “Ultimately, it depends on how you want the room feel like.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Highly effective’ method to get rid of moths in homes [COMMENT]Gardeners warned to avoid planting tenders until the end of May [EXPERT]Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly [TIPS] Picking the perfect shade of white is harder than it sounds. Yes, the white paint can breathe new life into dark spaces. But in north-facing rooms, if the wrong shade of white is chosen, it can look too creamy or yellow rather than brilliant and bright. Interior designer Marie Flanagan explained: “Since north-facing rooms tend to receive light for the majority of the day, take advantage of the natural light and keep the space bright. “Of course, it’s smart to avoid deep or dark colours, but conversely, test any whites you’re contemplating for the space. “A lot of whites can turn too creamy or yellow depending on the amount of sunlight in the room, so find one that has the right balance for your space.” The colour green has made a comeback over the past couple of years. The natural, calming hue symbolises rebirth and renewal and while the best green paints have a rightful place at the interior table, in north-facing rooms, some greens can look washed-out rather than full of life. Marc Sporer, Senior Architect at SieMatic explained: “When planning a kitchen or any other room facing north, the incoming light will intensify the cooler sub-tones of all colours. “This means you should avoid all colours based on grey, green and blue tones. “Instead, you should work with ‘warmer’ tones which are based on yellow or creamy white. “A highly effective option is our warm-coloured veneers like Smoked Oak, Hazel Brown Oak or Natural Walnut.” To help brighten the effects of the cooler natural light, interior designer Irene Gunter recommends painting colours with warming yellow, red, or orange undertones. She said: “My current favourite colours for north-facing rooms include blush shades, particularly in a bedroom where they create an incredibly soothing and inviting atmosphere.” Those who are a fan of grey, why not consider painting the walls a creamier tone that will counteract the more grey natural hues, suggests interior designer Francesca Grace? She said: “If your north-facing room has many windows you can choose a darker paint colour to enhance the moody grey lighting. “Make sure you have enough additional lighting throughout the space to help make the room feel cozy instead of cold. “These subtle changes will help enhance your room from being grey and drab to welcoming and eye-catching.”