 The AA reported that yesterday, May 24, the average price of petrol reached 170p per litre for the first time ever. It peaked at a high of 170.35p a litre, while diesel also reached a record of 181.32p a litre.  Just a month ago, petrol averaged 162.08p a litre while diesel stood at 176.32p. This is a staggering distance from prices this time last year when petrol was 128.96p a litre and diesel at 131.33p. It means that, 12 months ago, filling a typical 55-litre car tank cost £22.76 less (£70.93 versus £93.69). Luke Bosdet, the AA’s fuel price spokesperson, analysed the data, saying it made for grim reading for drivers around the UK. READ MORE: UK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park  He said: “Yesterday, petrol passed yet another milestone of misery along the road of record pump prices. “There is still quite some variation in pump price among fuel stations in most areas and particularly between many towns. “It is particularly galling when supermarkets of the same brand are charging significantly more at one superstore compared to another not that far away.” According to the AA app, petrol and diesel prices were fluctuating heavily in towns and cities. DON'T MISSFury over parking fines handed out to elderly drivers [SHOCKING]Tourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis shows drivers how to save money on airport parking [ADVICE]  In Newbury, a Shell station was selling a litre of petrol for 189.9p per litre, while Sainsbury’s and Tesco, which are on the same road, were charging drivers 170.9p a litre. The same was found in Reading, with a Morrisons supermarket setting prices at 163.7p per litre, compared to a Shell garage which was charging almost £1.70 for a litre. Alex Kindred, car insurance expert at Confused.com, said: “It’s clear to see that rising costs are having an impact on drivers. “Our research found that two in five UK drivers are making a conscious effort to drive less to save on fuel.  “However, it’s not always possible for all motorists to reduce their driving, so are having to look for ways to make their tanks last a bit longer. “Making some simple changes to the way you drive can reduce the amount of fuel you use and therefore the number of times you need to top up. “Fluctuation in fuel prices, as well as varying costs between regions and suppliers, can be confusing to know when and where we’re going to get the best deal.” This comes after MPs dismissed calls to implement a 40 percent cut in fuel duty and VAT rates.  A petition was launched in October 2021 which received more than 102,000 signatures, and called on the Government to address the skyrocketing fuel prices. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams called it "another unfortunate landmark". He added: "While wholesale prices may have peaked for the time being last week they are still worryingly high which means there's no respite from the record-high pump prices which are so relentlessly contributing to the cost-of-living crisis. "We badly need the Government to take more action to ease the burden on drivers, which we hope will feature in its announcement expected this week. “VAT at 20 percent on fuel is currently benefiting the Treasury to the tune of around 30p a litre which seems very unfair when you consider it's a tax on a tax as fuel duty - despite being cut to 53p a litre at the end of March - is charged at the wholesale level."