The Duke of Cambridge will carry out the Colonel's Review on Horse Guards Parade on Saturday, May 28. The review, taking place at the final rehearsal, will see the Prince undertake a "final evaluation" of the parade "before it goes before Her Majesty the Queen". The last time The Duke carried out this inspection was in 2017. An operational note, published by Kensington Palace, said: "The The Duke of Cambridge, colonel of the Irish Guards, will carry out the Colonel’s Review on Horse Guards Parade on Saturday, 28th May at Horse Guards parade. "The Colonel's Review is the final evaluation of the parade before it goes before Her Majesty the Queen during the Trooping of the Colour on the 2nd June as part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. "This year, the honour of Trooping their Colour falls to the Irish Guards, and as Colonel of the Regiment, the Duke will lead the final review. "The first review was conducted by ajor General Chris Ghika on Saturday 21st May." It added: "During the parade more than 1,500 soldiers and 350 horses will carry out complex battlefield drill manoevres to a programme of music. "In this Platinum Jubilee Year, various elements of the music will nod to Her Majesty The Queen with song such as 'Long Live Elizabeth'." Trooping the Colour, a ceremony performed by regiments of the British Army, will take place on the first day of the Queen's Jubilee weekend on June 2. Prince William's inspection of the parade will take place during the final rehearsal for the event. There have been two other rehearsals so far. The second rehearsal was rocked by chaos, as three people were left in hospital after a stand collapsed. The incident, which occurred at 11am on Saturday, unfolded when spectators rose for the national anthem. Two other people were treated by paramedics at the scene, the London Ambulance Service said. According to eyewitnesses at the scene, one woman fell through the stands entirely. She said the woman "seemed fine" but was "badly shaken", adding that there was "complete confusion" and "chaos". Speaking to the Mirror, the eyewitness said: "We were told to stand and heard a scream and then there was chaos in the section. "Turned out part of it had collapsed and a woman had fallen through. "The paramedics rushed in but started yelling ‘we can’t find her'. "She was extracted after several minutes and seemed fine but badly shaken and was put on a stretcher and loaded into an ambulance. "The crowd was calm but was later moved out of that section." 