Chelsea are set to pocket a substantial amount of money following Real Madrid’s win over Liverpool in the Champions League final. The Blues sold Eden Hazard to Real back in 2019 but the deal is still earning them valuable transfer funds thanks to a variety of clauses which were added in.   Thomas Tuchel’s side were cursing Real earlier this season when the Spanish giants knocked them out of the Champions League 5-4 on aggregate in the quarter-finals. But Chelsea would definitely have been rooting for Los Blancos on Saturday night due to Hazard’s involvement. Hazard did not even get onto the pitch at the Stade de France – and yet Real’s 14th European title following a 1-0 win meant a great deal to his former club. The Belgian attacker was sold for an initial fee of £89million (€100m) back in June 2019, but the deal was structured in a way that meant the transfer fee could exceed £150m, according to BBC Sport. That is because Chelsea inserted performance-based add-ons in the agreement, which meant Hazard’s success in Madrid would benefit them. And while the 31-year-old has largely endured a frustrating time in the Spanish capital due to injuries and a lack of form, the team’s overall success has brought in the cash for his former club.  JUST IN: Gary Neville brutally twists knife after Real Madrid beat Liverpool Chelsea earned a reported £20m when Hazard’s side won La Liga in 2020 and his maiden Champions League medal has seen them scoop another hefty lump sum. Hazard has scored just six goals in 66 appearances for Real over the past three seasons – and yet he is continuing to cost them a whole heap of money. He has been a peripheral figure once again this season, contributing just one goal in 22 appearances across all competitions. But he remains under contract with Real for another two seasons and recently explained his intentions to see that time out.  DON'T MISS Sadio Mane shows he's a class act after Liverpool lose to Real Madrid Rio Ferdinand perplexed by Michael Owen's 'disrespectful' comment Real Madrid Champions League hero Courtois fires back at humble claims “The coach knows that I still have a contract until 2024," Hazard told HLN this week. "My first three seasons at Real have not gone well, so I want to show everyone what I can do. Starting with this Saturday. It has always been a dream to play for Real. It still is.” While he made it onto the bench in Paris, Hazard has been beset by fitness issues recently. He played 26 minutes as a substitute in a 1-1 draw against Cadiz on May 15, but before that had been sidelined for three months while his team-mates secured La Liga. 