Netflix's award-winning science fiction horror series Stranger Things is expected to make its highly anticipated return to screen this month. With fans eagerly waiting to find out the fates of the favourite characters, Nancy Wheeler star opened up about the series and paid a special tribute to her co-star Winona Ryder.  Stranger Things transported viewers back to Indiana in the 1980s and followed the lives of a group of young friends who witnessed supernatural forces. On their journey to uncovering the truth, the friends also found themselves tied up in secret government exploits. Nancy, who was introduced to viewers in season one, became involved in the mysteries through her younger brother Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard) who was the leader of the group. As a high-schooler, everything changed for Nancy when her best friend Barbara ‘Barb’ Holland (Shannon Purser) suddenly vanished, only for fans to discover she had been eaten by a Demogorgon.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Andrea Tate returns as she's Gabby's stalker The mystery led her to team up with Jonathan Byers (Charlie Heaton) whose younger brother Will Byers (Noah Schnapp) had also gone missing. This was when the two teamed up with Jonathan’s mother Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder) to expose Hawkins’ Lab. Together they were able to defeat the Demogorgon and resume Will from the other dimension, through the traumatising experience, she had formed a bond with the family. The actress, Natalia Dyer has graced the cover of Cosmopolitan Magazine for their June/July issue, ahead of the upcoming release of Stranger Things season four.  During the interview, she opened up about working closely with Winona Ryder and shared nothing but praise. Dyer disclosed: “She’s so lovely and funny in real life and is somebody who’s worked out a balance of how to do what she likes to do, while also maintaining her sense of self.” The actress also opened up about her bond with the rest of the cast and revealed: “It’s a bond that is hard to describe. “We were all very excited and we hadn’t done anything like it before.  DON'T MISS...Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter [INSIGHT] Stranger Things season 4 theory: Mike to turn villain [THEORY] Stranger Things season 4 theory: Max's death sealed in fan clue [THEORY] “So to have it become so big, literally overnight, was a very specific experience. It really tied us all together.” With season four expected for release later this month, Dyer also opened up about the upcoming plot. Speaking about The Upside Down, she revealed: “I’m always asking the Duffer brothers [who created the show], ‘How does this happen? Where is this going?’ “And this time we’re going to get some more clarity,” she hinted.  “Nancy’s doing a lot of cool things, and we have some new cast members joining us who are amazing. “Such is the nature of our show that every press round, I’m like, ‘It’s darker, it’s scarier, it feels more intense.’ But it really is!” Sadly for fans, after season four there will be one more instalment of Stranger Things before it comes to a complete end. Stranger Things season four will be released on Netflix on Friday, May 27. 