Dan Walker started the day on BBC Breakfast by teasing a sports-related surprise for his co-host Sally Nugent. The soon-to-be ex-BBC presenter didn’t disappoint, as he later produced a giant football shirt which left Sally in stitches. Wednesday morning’s BBC Breakfast show descended into chaos when Dan brought in a giant football shirt to commemorate an exciting sports story. This week, Argentine footballer Diego Maradona’s shirt went on sale for the first time, expecting to be snatched up for £5million. To celebrate the story, Dan promised Sally he would be bringing in a surprise from home. “What have you brought? I’m a little nervous about this,” Sally admitted. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue Dan then explained: “Someone on our BBC Breakfast team rang me up this morning and asked, ‘Do you have any football memorabilia?’” The BBC presenter was visibly excited as he began producing an enormous white football shirt from behind him. "I said, ‘Well, when it comes to football shirts, I’ve got just the thing’,” he recalled. Sally started to brace herself as Dan added, “I might need you for this.” Dan proceeded to unfurl the giant shirt, explaining it was an English strip from the 2002 World Cup. “Who wore this?!” Sally exclaimed before Dan clarified it had been made for two people. Sally put her head in the shirt first, while Dan warned her, “This could get uncomfortable. I’m coming in! Full throttle.” The presenters both burst into fits of giggles as they shared the shirt, both grabbing cups of tea to complete the bizarre image. DON'T MISS:The Flight Attendant: Young Cassie star on playing child alcoholic [INTERVIEW]Outlander boss pays tribute to Young Ian star [COMMENT]Ozark’s Laura Linney ‘wouldn’t be satisfied’ with series ending [INSIGHT] “I can’t breathe! Help!” Sally exclaimed as they adjusted themselves under the shirt. Dan asked viewers: “We’d like to know if you’ve got any classic shirts or treasured sports possessions.” “I can’t actually breathe,” Sally said again after another fit of laughter. “Let’s give ourselves a little break.” Thankfully, the BBC morning hosts were able to escape the giant shirt for the rest of Wednesday’s broadcast. Meanwhile, Diego’s regular-sized shirt he wore during his infamous ‘Hand of God’ goal at the 1986 FIFA World Cup could be snatched up by a last-minute bid from an Argentinian delegation. England midfielder Steve Hodge has been in possession of the treasured item since the historic England v Argentina final after swapping shirts with Diego after the match. Members, including Maradona's family, a private memorabilia firm and the country's football association, are said to have arrived in London to purchase the shirt themselves. One of them has told The Sun: “He is selling something that belongs to Maradona and the AFA without authorisation. “It should be in Argentina in order all Argentines can enjoy it, and not for a millionaire to display it in his closet.” BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.