Will Young is about to star in a candid documentary where he opens up his world and shares the story of his twin brother Rupert Young. Will himself has been very frank about his struggles with depression, and in his new Channel 4 documentary Will Young: Losing My Twin, he talks about his late brother's battle with alcoholism and his suicide. The pop star's brother, Rupert, 41, took his own life in 2020 after failing from Westminster bridge. In the documentary, he divulges the daily hardships he would face while living with his brother. It eventually all got too much for the star, and The All Time Love singer had to report Rupert as a trespasser, which resulted in him being removed from his home. Referring to his brother as a "monster" towards the end, he said: "At the end, he would be drinking 24 hours a day." Read More: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah Ferguson 'Can't believe it'  Opening up in the documentary, he continued: "You’ve got this monster who’s not moving. "So, the only thing was to throw him out but also to be aware he might end up killing himself. "I was ok with everything I’d done to try to help him." Talking about the day-to-day routine while living with Rupert, he added: "My day would start - either he was sick or he would have peed on the sofa, so I’d have to clear that up, then go get more beers and codeine because he was addicted to painkillers."   Rupert was admitted to Guy’s and St Thomas’ Hospital on July 28, and just two days later, he died by suicide. "I had a big moment where I realised I couldn’t save him, and that brought a whole lot of grief," Will stated. "Now I just feel very grateful that I got 42 years with him. "I did everything I could to not let him die." DON’T MISS…Doctor Who writer details real reason Ncuti Gatwa landed Time Lord role [LATEST]Selling Sunset’s Emma Hernan confirms rekindled romance with Christine ex 'Double-dipped' [LATEST]Anne Hegerty replacement speaks out on 'terrifying' Beat the Chasers stint  [LATEST]  Although challenging, Will did what he could for his brother out of love. He concluded: "It was difficult, but it is amazing what we do out of love for people. "I just didn't want my brother to die. In the end I didn't manage to keep him alive, and that is part of my grief process." The Pop Idol winner also spoke to Colin Paterson on BBC One's Breakfast last week and said: "I miss my brother, he was my twin and my best friend, but I don't miss the alcoholic. "I don't think alcoholism is spoken about enough and it is important to speak out about what it is like to live with someone who has alcoholism in the family, and what that can do to a family. "We are a very private family, but we were all on the same page about wanting to tell our story in a non-sensationalised way to show people that they are not alone." Rupert was the director of the mental health charity The Mood Foundation, which he established in the late 2000s. Will Young: Losing My Twin Rupert is on Channel 4, Tuesday at 10.05pm. If you need any support with the subject matter raised in this article, you call the Samaritans on 116123 or visit a local Samaritans branch. See www.samaritans.org for details. 