Sky Sports pundit Martin Brundle had a case of mistaken identity on his pre-race grid walk when he interviewed Paolo Banchero thinking it was NFL superstar Patrick Mahomes. The Miami Grand Prix was always going to attract A-list celebrities with former US First Lady Michelle Obama spotted at the Mercedes garage earlier in the weekend.  Sunday's race was always going to be the main event though and the world's biggest stars were packed on the grid just minutes before the start of the race. Brundle's pre-race grid walk is usually concentrated on talking with some of the drivers and team bosses. But with so many celebrities and sports stars from other events in attendance, Brundle took the opportunity to grab a quick word with a few of them. The former F1 driver spoke briefly with Venus Williams before turning around to have a word with DJ Khaled and NBA icon Dwyane Wade. But it was just after that Brundle was told in his ear that NFL star Mahomes was in close proximity. Brundle was seen chasing after who he thought was Mahomes, with the Sky Sports presenter initially ignored.  He eventually got to his man, asking the man what he made of the atmosphere. He said: "This is crazy. I've never been to an F1 race so this is spectacular. "You can see, they're locked in. It reminds me of myself." Brundle had then clearly been told in his ear that it wasn't Mahomes as he turned to the camera and said: "It's not Patrick. That's why he ignored me in the beginning." The Sky Sports presenter then turned to the man he just interviewed and asked what his name was, before finding out it was Banchero. As the clip of the interview went viral, Banchero took to social media and tweeted: "I'm just vibing right now man." And Mahomes reacted by adding: "Bro ain’t no way (four laughing emojis)." Banchero is an American sports star, although in basketball and not American football. The 19-year-old will be in the 2022 NBA Draft and is projected to be a top-three pick. He spent the last season playing college basketball with Duke, averaging 17.2 points along with 7.8 rebounds. Banchero officially declared himself for the NBA Draft just a few weeks ago, forgoing his remaining college eligibility. Brundle also spoke with Ian Poulter the start of his grid walk with the English golfer standing next to Lando Norris' car. And Poulter gave Brundle somewhat of an exclusive as he was "worried" that Norris' car wasn't going to get out of the garage in time.