And 23 percent admitted they call their neighbour “mate” as a result, while one in five have only said a quick “hello” and nothing more. It also emerged it takes an average of three years to properly get to know your neighbours – but, thanks to lockdown, 38 percent feel they are closer than ever before. Having low fences and walls in the garden, and both having children or a dog, were among the things that can help you get to know your neighbours. Since the pandemic, nearly half of adults (48 percent) think a sense of community is especially important for children, with 43 percent also believing it's good for themselves. A spokesman for the children’s charity Action for Children, which commissioned the study, said: “Now more than ever, it’s so important to share a sense of community with those around you. “It makes a real difference if neighbours can look out for each other when needed. “We work in communities across the UK and know that this support has a hugely positive impact on someone’s wellbeing – especially in these tough times. “If you’re not close with your neighbours, then it might just be worth reaching out and trying to make that connection. “Whether it is getting their bins in or simply making small talk – every little helps to build up that all important relationship.” Of those who do know their neighbours, nearly a quarter (23 percent) would class them as really good friends, and know everything from their name and family members, to their hobbies and where they like to go on holiday. If you watch your neighbour’s house while they are away, you can also class this as a sign you know them really well. Other indicators of a close relationship include watering each other’s plants or borrowing things off them. The study, carried out via OnePoll, also found 49 percent like getting involved in their community. The Action For Children spokesman added: “Many neighbours will be coming together soon to celebrate the Jubilee, which will be wonderful – but we hope that they can extend that sense of community for more than one weekend. “We’ve teamed up with Iceland as part of June’s Big Jubilee Lunch celebration, and want everyone to come together and host a Big Lunch any time next month. “If in doing so, you can also raise money for Action for Children, you’ll be helping us to help others so that more children across the UK can have a safe and happy childhood.” TOP THINGS THAT HELP BRITS GET TO KNOW THEIR NEIGHBOURS: