As the summer transfer window creeps closer, Manchester United will be looking to improve their squad under Erik ten Hag. Reinforcements and sales are both needed in equal measure, with the Red Devils facing a huge pre-season ahead. And the good news is that Ed Woodward, who left Old Trafford earlier this season, believes the club have the right structure in place. Manchester United have confirmed Ten Hag will be their next permanent manager, with the 52-year-old primed to replace Ralf Rangnick. And with just one Premier League match left to play, attentions are starting to turn towards the summer. United know they need to back Ten Hag in order to reel in the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool, who have driven the club to new heights. For the first time since 2013, Woodward won’t be involved. The 50-year-old left his post with the Red Devils earlier in the campaign, having agreed to depart in the wake of the failed European Super League plot 12 months ago. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings But the Daily Mail reported in January that Woodward was convinced he was leaving the club in a better state. It was stated at the time that Woodward previously thought seven out of 10 signings needed to work out in order to be successful. That’s why he thinks Chelsea have won titles, because their business behind the scenes is often impressive. Woodward used to believe his own hit rate at United was a three out of 10, and that this blocked future progress. But, at the time of the article, Woodward felt things had ‘very much improved’. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And with just one Premier League match left to play, attentions are starting to turn towards the summer. United know they need to back Ten Hag in order to reel in the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool, who have driven the club to new heights. For the first time since 2013, Woodward won’t be involved. The 50-year-old left his post with the Red Devils earlier in the campaign, having agreed to depart in the wake of the failed European Super League plot 12 months ago.  Furthermore, the former investment banker also felt United now had the right set-up in order to be successful. And, now, it’s time for the people still at the club to prove him right. Things have changed since Woodward left, with United losing two key scouts as part of a revamp. And Richard Arnold is now his successor, with the Red Devils supremo charged with the task of getting recruitment right. In order for that to happen, John Murtough and Darren Fletcher will oversee that side of the club’s business. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Murtough and Fletcher were both heavily involved in the appointment of Ten Hag, choosing him over Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino. And they’ll then report their information into Arnold, who will then in turn pass it on to Joel Glazer. Glazer will always have the final say at United as co-owner of the club. And he’s far more involved in running the Red Devils then his brother, Avram. Meanwhile, regarding Ten Hag, Rangnick revealed over the weekend he was planning to talk to the Dutchman about the squad. "We haven't spoken as yet but I can fully understand that both himself and myself that we should keep our focus on our current teams,” he said. “Erik is leading the Dutch league and that's what he will try to win, want to win the league with Ajax. “We have agreed that we will speak at the end of the season and have a chat about all the things he wants to speak about."