Scotland's First Minister has been accused of wasting hours of civil servants' time on drawing up her new blueprint to break up Britain. Analysis released on Monday (May 9) shows that 4,062 hours were spent between March 1 and April 30 working on the independence plan. Donald Cameron, Scottish Tory Constitution spokesperson, said: "The Scottish public will be appalled that so much of their money is being spent on civil servants working on the SNP’s obsession with breaking up the United Kingdom. "These figures confirm that another independence referendum will always be the nationalists’ overriding priority. "But their focus should be on supporting people through the cost-of-living crisis, accelerating our recovery from the pandemic and, further afield, supporting the Ukrainian efforts against the Russian invasion. "Poll after poll has shown the people of Scotland do not want to be divided all over again. "These civil servants should not be being diverted onto work on independence when so many other issues deserve their attention."   The figure comes after Constitution Secretary Angus Robertson confirmed in March that a senior civil servant and 13 other officials on different pay bands were working on the plan at a cost of £900,000. Mr Robertson said 12.9 full time equivalent (FTE) staff were working on the plan, completing about 42 working days since March 1. This is equivalent to 2,225 hours in March and 1,838 hours in April based on the average member of staff working 37.5 hours per week. Scottish Lib Dem leader Alex Cole-Hamilton claimed the First Minister needed to 'get real' about Scotland's priorities.  READ MORE ABOUT PRINCE CHARLES BEING TOLD TO PUT HIS FOOT DOWN AND SNUB EUGENIE'S ROYAL CLAIMS He told the Scottish Daily Express: "The last taxpayer funded case for independence collapsed on contact with reality. "It's astonishing that the SNP are spending even more money producing another one when polling makes clear that the public want the government to focus on other things." Scottish Labour Constitution spokesperson Sarah Boyack said: "This appalling waste of government time tells you everything you need to know about the SNP's priorities." Pamela Nash, chief executive of Scotland in Union, said: "It is obscene to waste public money on this nationalist obsession amid a cost-of-living crisis and when our hospitals, schools and public service are in desperate need of extra resources."  DON'T MISS: Birmingham Airport sees 'kilometre-long security queues' [REVEALED] Woman furious with neighbour who let children into her garden [REPORT] Brexit POLL: Do you regret leaving EU after academic's warning? VOTE [POLL] She added: "Rather than focusing on how to divide Scotland once again, the government’s priority should be on bringing our communities together." Ms Sturgeon said on Monday that her Government will soon start refreshing the "very positive case" for Scottish independence. She insisted recent election results showed there is a "growing sense that the UK in its current state is not serving the needs of Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland". The Scottish First Minister spoke out after Sinn Fein won the most seats, 27 out of 90, in last week's Stormont elections. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has vowed to block a second referendum on Scottish independence, but Ms Sturgeon says she will fight him in court if he does so. A Scottish Government spokesperson, said: "People in Scotland voted last May to elect a Scottish Parliament which has a clear majority in favour of holding an independence referendum. "In line with that democratic mandate, the Programme for Government stated that the Scottish Government would start work on a detailed prospectus for an independent Scotland. That is now under way. "It is the role of the Civil Service to support the elected government of the day in developing and implementing its policies."