Kate Middleton, 40, is one of the biggest style icons in the world, let alone in the Royal Family. While Kate has bought us many iconic and unforgettable looks, one of them has an incredibly large price tag. While the Duchess of Cambridge has pledged her normality several times by staying loyal to many high street chains, she is well-known for having her favourite designers.  One of Kate’s top choices is Alexander McQueen and she has been pictured wearing his designs on numerous occasions. From Prince Louis’s christening to the Earthshot Prize and even her famous wedding dress, the Duchess has chosen her outfits from the late designer’s collection time and time again. What was her most expensive dress worn to an engagement? The Duchess’ most expensive dress, not including her wedding dress, cost £7,300, and she has only worn it twice in public.  READ MORE: Kate & Pippa have one 'huge difference' when it comes to parenting It was designed by Alexander McQueen and Kate has recycled it several times. The Duchess first wore this jaw-dropping tiered black and green floral gown to the BAFTA Awards in 2017. She completed the look with a sleek up-do and carried an Alexander McQueen clutch bag. Known for recycling her outfits, she was then pictured wearing the dress again at the Portrait Gala in 2019.  It was slightly reworked this time with sleeves that covered her shoulders, rather than the thinner straps. The dress cost an eye-watering £7,304. This is one of the looks that added to the Duchess' reputation as one of the best dressed royals. Bethan Holt, the fashion journalist previously praised her dress sense and explained why everything she wears sell out in minutes.  She said: “The sad truth of the world is, if she’s visiting a charity and she’s wearing a brand-new dress that’s really pretty, that picture will fly around the world, and lots more people will know about the charity. “That’s just how the world works. “She understands that and has grasped onto it,” Ms Holt told Harper’s Bazaar. She has been praised for her impeccable sense of style time and again.  The Duchess is known all over the world for her incredible sense of style and her unwavering dedication to her many important charities and patronages. The sizeable impact that she has had on the fashion industry alone has been dubbed as 'the Kate Effect' as whatever she appears in typically sells out in minutes. Kate has wowed the crowds at all her recent public appearances. Whether she is appearing in a floor length gold Jenny Packham gown for a glittering film premiere or arriving in London to hand out a fashion award, the Duchess has perfected her public image. 