Matthew Hussey is one of the leading relationship coaches for women, and bestselling author of Get the Guy. He took to TikTok, where he has a whopping 2.7 million followers, and gave his ultimate advice for a cringe-free first date - that should hopefully lead to a second. Dating does not come naturally to everyone, and first dates can be especially awkward - particularly for those out of practice. Matthew Hussey shared with viewers his top tip for first date success. "Don't sit opposite each other," he remarked. "Don't be in that place where you go for a meal - or even when you're at a table at a bar - and sit completely opposite each other facing each other like it's a mirror reflection." This piece of advice might surprise singles, as those in the dating game are constantly encouraged to make eye contact with their romantic prospects. READ MORE: Daily horoscope for May 28: Your star sign reading and astrology  But Matthew explained why this could be a no-go move: "Immediately you end up creating awkwardness because of course when there's a silence there's nowhere for you to look." And of course, these small silences are inevitable between two strangers who are yet to learn about each other. "When someone's directly in front of you and there's a silence, you can't look anywhere." The only option when sitting like this is looking at your phone, Matthew explained, "but this seems rude". "You can't look over his shoulder or to your left, whereas if you're sitting adjacent to someone or next to them in like a park bench style, you can watch the world together. "It's almost like you're people watching. "So now when there's an awkward silence it's not actually awkward, it's just a silence because you're both looking out onto the world." This may also be a way to spark conversation authentically if something interesting is happening in front of you. Matthew continued: "When you're ready to regain the conversation you can turn to your side and say 'Oh, I really wanted to tell you about this thing,' and carry on. "Do not ever be in that place where you're opposite each other. "Sit next to him or adjacent to him." Matthew's video has amassed an incredible 88,500 likes and more than 5000 people have saved his dating tip. Another 1,565 have shared this video with a friend. But the comments were a bit of a mixed bag. @gr8stdane said: "YES!!! This has always been a non-negotiable for me!!" @themfcc added: "You are my God." @rainerscomingdown called the advice "game changing". However, @sianmca questioned the advice: "Sitting opposite gives you the chance to look in the eye and be comfortable enough to know that nothing needs to be said or done. That's true comfort." @jasonholland8 seconded this: "Silence is natural. Most people can handle that. "Learn to listen. Learn to respond. Learn to communicate. Sit opposite. Enjoy it."