At least two hospitals are treating patients today (Tuesday) in Uvalde, in the south-west of the US state, after a shooter prompted the lockdown of Robb Elementary School. ABC News said multiple sources had told them the suspect was now dead. Texas Governor Greg Abbott had identified the shooter as an 18-year-old who attended nearby Uvalde High School. He claimed that fourteen students and a teacher had been "shot and killed horrifically and incomprehensibly", though this has not been confirmed by local police yet. Governor Abbott added: "When parents drop their kids off at school, they have every expectation to know that they're going to be able to pick their child up when that school day ends. And there are families who are in mourning right now. "The state of Texas is in mourning with them for the reality that these parents are not going to be able to pick up their children." Two officers had reportedly also been struck by bullets, but had not sustained serious injuries. The Uvalde Police Department said that as of 12.23pm local time, the scene remained active, but that by 1.06pm the shooter was in custody. Many wounded were taken to Uvalde Memorial Hospital for treatment after the incident.  Local affiliate KSAT said that of those wounded, two had been transferred to a hospital in nearby San Antonio - reportedly an adult and a child - with another awaiting a transfer as of an hour ago. The adult, aged 66, was said to be in a critical condition. The hospital did not provide an update on the condition of the child. A 45-year-old was also hospitalised after getting grazed by a bullet. Don McLaughlin, Uvalde's Mayor, said: "This is a very bad situation." US President Joe Biden has been briefed on the shooting. Karine Jean-Pierre, White House press secretary, said he "will continue to be briefed regularly as information becomes available".  The school informed parents shortly after 2 pm local time that students had been transported to the Willie Deleon Civic Center, the reunification site. The Uvalde Consolidated Independent School District (CISD) reported about three hours ago that there was an "active shooter at Robb Elementary" but that law enforcement was on site. It added that the rest of the schooling district it covers was "under a secure status". The schools authority later tweeted: "All district and campus activities, after-school programs, and events are cancelled." Local law enforcement is being supported by the San Antonio Police Department and the FBI. A spokesperson for Alejandro Mayorkas, US Secretary of Homeland Security, said he had been briefed on the situation and the department "is actively coordinating with federal, state, and local partners." More to follow... 