Gary Lineker has aimed a light-hearted dig at Manchester United after a mishap on BBC's breaking news ticker saw the club labelled 'rubbish' on Tuesday. The text was shown during a live sport update on BBC News just after 9.30am. 'Manchester United are rubbish' was shown across the bottom of the screen, much to the surprise of viewers. The BBC later apologised for the message, stating that it was a technical error. And after their embarrassing gaffe, Lineker - the present of BBC's Match of the Day - poked even more fun at United. "Why apologise?" Lineker jibed. BBC presenter Annita McVeigh offered her apologies live on air, claiming it was 'not in earnest'. "A little earlier, some of you may have noticed something pretty unusual on the ticker that runs along the bottom of the screen with news making a comment about Manchester United, and I hope that Manchester United fans weren't offended by it," she said. "Let me just explain what was happening: behind the scenes, someone was training to learn how to use the ticker and to put text on the ticker, so they were just writing random things not in earnest and that comment appeared. "So apologies if you saw that and you were offended and you're a fan of Manchester United. "But certainly that was a mistake and it wasn't meant to appear on the screen. So that was what happened, we just thought we'd better explain that to you." United recorded their worst finish in the Premier League era this season despite the signings of Raphael Varane, Cristiano Ronaldo and Jadon Sancho last summer. They finished a gargantuan 35 points behind rivals City, meaning it was the ninth season in a row that their local rivals gained bragging rights by finishing ahead of the Red Devils. It is also the fifth year in a row that United have ended a season without silverware. New United boss Erik ten Hag will look to change that in the summer via a rebuild which will see the likes of Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard leave amongst others. And with early exits in every tournament this season, Ten Hag will be eager to restore United to their former glories as they seek to get back into the Champions League and also pick up some long-awaited silverware.