The anger comes as Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis says the Government will focus on resolving issues over the Protocol by coming to an agreement with Brussels over the deeply divided issue. It was thought Mr Johnson would use special laws to rip up the Northern Ireland Protocol, leaving the EU no right to impose checks on UK sovereign territory, however, the PM now appears to be backtracking on the threat.  Venting their frustration at the move, Express.co.uk readers were quick to show their disappointment over the affair. One reader said: “What a surprise. Well, it’s time for Boris to climb down.“He needs replacing asap with a strong Tory Brexiteer. “Boris the liability the Tories don’t need and they know it.” IanW added: “Our politicians are a total disgrace and it’s about time people realise nothing will ever change until you change your voting habits and refuse to vote for any of the old untrustworthy useless parties that have let you down for so long and so often. “Remember one thing, you get and deserve exactly what you vote for.”  Many believe the Prime Minister has a secret pro-EU agenda stemming from his association with the bloc. ByGeorge said: “The problem is, Boris will not let Brexit happen completely because he is a remainer, and always has been, ask his father, who is also a remainer.” This was supported by YorkshireTruth who added: “This guy is pro-remain, always has been, always will be..." Speaking of the fallout poor relations with Brussels will cause, HChinaski warned of the future. He said: “27 v 1. It’s not hard to see how this is going to end. “Britain chose to isolate itself and will have to deal with the consequences.”  READ MORE:Boris could call ‘early general election’ to keep Tories in power This was seconded by Foucault who said: “What would "standing up to Europe" do? “Absolutely nothing. Would they drop their barriers to the single market... of course not. “Standing up to Europe is empty hot air.” Speaking of Britain’s post-Brexit economy, IPS said: “The UK is about to go into a long deep recession. “Brexit, the war and Covid have done enough damage already without carrying on this ruinous crusade.” Emilio Schwartz wrote: “The UK's position as by far the smaller and less significant party leaves it with few choices and the EU is perfectly aware (they can read and in multiple languages) that every British threat is purely empty blustering bluff. “All this chest-thumping is laughed at abroad and seen for all it is - placebos for Brexiteers.”  DON'T MISS:Virgin Atlantic fury over untrained pilot [REPORT]Russian hackers threaten to target NHS [REVEAL]NATO issued nuclear warning – ‘serious’ threat [OPINION] Yet there was some support for the PM. Jez said: “C’mon Boris, “Democratic Great Britain voted to leave. “Let’s get on with it. “He who hesitates is lost.” This was agreed on by Geezer who said: “Numerous polls stated remain would win the referendum but happily the polls were wrong and leave won. “We just have to leave the EU fully, which we will.”  With local election results showing the tides are turning against the PM, some have used the occasion to suggest Northern Ireland is resolved once and for all. Hastaluego said: “News flash Brexiteers. “Sinn Fein is going to win big in NI, so Boris can ignore DUP and kick NIP into long grass.” John Galt added: “A border poll on reunification is surely an inevitability now.” The Northern Ireland Protocol has left opinion very much divided in the North, with Loyalists claiming they have been abandoned by London over the deal. 