However, the claim has been labelled as “nonsense” by one official who states the real story shames the Prime Minister’s statistics. The figures come amid a period of uncertainty as the country underwent strict lockdown conditions which naturally led to crime figures being lower than in previous years.  Taking to Twitter, Polly Mackenzie, the incoming Chief Social Purpose Officer at UAL, sought to shed some light on the figures. She wrote: “Classic Boris nonsense stat: 'neighbourhood crime is down by 33 percent'. “A) latest crime survey is for year to Sept 2021, a year with extensive periods of lockdown. “B) crime was up 14 percent anyway. “C) crime’s only down if you take out the single biggest crime type: fraud and computer misuse.”  Ms Mckenzie, concerned at the notion of “neighbourhood crime” added to her argument with more detail. She continued: “He creates this category ‘neighbourhood crime’ so he can boast about one trend going in the right direction. “In doing so he obliterates the real public policy problem: crime going online and the police being unable to follow.” Ms Mckenzie ended the Twitter debate by comparing crime figures to employment numbers in the UK. She wrote: “It’s a lot like the trick he continues to try on employment: ‘payroll employment is higher than before the pandemic’. “Ignoring the collapse in self-employment. “Thereby disregarding the troubling reality of an exodus of older people from the labour market.”  READ MORE:'This is Ukraine's finest hour' PM sets out £300 military aid According to the Office of National Statistics: “Patterns of crime over the last two years have been substantially affected by the coronavirus pandemic and government restrictions on social contact. “While periods of national lockdown have seen decreases in the incidence of many types of crime, fraud and computer misuse offences have not followed a lockdown-related pattern and have increased substantially.” Speaking of crime figures rising the ONS states crime has actually risen by 18 percent in total, with a 54 percent increase in computer and online related fraud cases. With the lockdown having an impact on the movement of people, theft had in fact decreased by 15 percent.  DON'T MISS:'Easy way to prevent burglary!' - Stop thieves in their tracks [ANALYSIS]Putin nightmare as fire tears through building [REPORT]Key reasons Ukraine has NOT hit targets in Russia [OPINION] Taking to Twitter himself, the PM wrote: “Promising ONS statistics show knife crime and neighbourhood crime figures falling. “By tackling the causes of crime, recruiting more police, and introducing tougher sentences, we are doing everything we can to make our streets safer.” However, Mr Johnson’s message was met with tough backlash by members of the public. Tims Myth said: “Everything we can to make our streets safer. “After Cutting 20,000 Police Officers and decimating the probation and Legal system?”  Labour MP Yvette Cooper also Tweeted her views. She wrote: “Grim figures today show crime up, prosecutions and community penalties down. “Overall crime up 18 percent in 2yrs (including 41 percent in fraud) - charge rate down to a truly shameful 5.8 percent (compared to 15.5 percent in 2015). “Under the Tories more criminals are let off, more victims are let down.” Ending the debate, June Sim left a simple and effective reply for the PM. She wrote: “The main cause of crime is poverty. “You're increasing that. “Well done.” 