Motorists across the UK have criticised the idea that elderly drivers need “tests and measures” to ensure the safety of other road users. Some of them called the statements “shocking and insulting” claiming that it is the younger drivers that require limitations. Earlier this week, a motoring expert claimed that “measures or tests” for older drivers should be introduced in order for everyone to feel safe on British roads. Dorry Potter, car and scrappage expert at National Scrap Car, exclusively told Express.co.uk: “What people fail to remember is how much the Highway Code has in fact changed since some of the older generations passed their tests. “For example, the wearing of seatbelts for drivers and front-seat passengers was only made compulsory on January 31, 1983. “That means those aged 58 or older could have passed their driving test at a time when even seatbelts weren’t the law. READ MORE: Driver fined by parking company after being sold non-existing space "In 1975 arm signals no longer needed to be demonstrated during the driving test, so before this time, using an arm instead of an indicator was commonplace.” Ms Potter continued: “These are a few extreme examples but these changes combined with the ailments that typically come with ageing, such as impaired vision, reduced hearing, and slower reflexes means that those over a certain age could be driving dangerously and provisions should be put in place to ensure that they are still safe to be in control of a vehicle. “A blanket ban isn’t fair on those that are still able to drive safely, but there should be measures or tests in place to keep motorists and pedestrians safe.” And now, hundreds of Express.co.uk readers have taken to the comments section to defend the elderly. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of large fines for low fuel error - 'No excuse' [WARNING] Major new driving laws to be introduced in June will target motorists [REVEAL] 'Long-term' production threats may see drivers waiting years for EVs [INSIGHT] One reader named thedukejohn said: “The lack of respect for the elder in this country is shocking....I hope every one of you never grow old.” June Ward replied: “I am amazed at the lack of respect and annoyance towards the elderly. “I used to respect my grandmother and grandad without question. “They were lovely people, honest, hardworking, and had all the time in the world for me. I loved them dearly.” A third reader, David113, commented: “And we should be protected against drunken and drugged-up drivers who cause accidents and deaths, they are more dangerous.” Sirgir, who is in his 70s, said: “I’ve been driving for over 50 years, clean licence, max no claims, no accidents etc, driving in a 40mph limit, slowing down to turn, signalling well in advance, my dashcam shows I was doing 15mph as I was about to turn, crunch! “Young wannabe boy racer crashes straight into the back of me. “He admits liability (couldn't do anything else really) damage/hire car paid for by his insurance, but even though I'm 100 percent innocent, my insurance premium goes up!” However, others disagreed and called for a maximum age driving ban to be introduced. Earlier this month, Express.co.uk reported that there were more than 134,000 drivers over the age of 90 on the UK roads. With that in mind, several motorists have started to wonder about road safety. According to the Older Drivers Task Force, there will be more than one million drivers over the age of 85 by 2025. The Task Force said it is “vital” that changes are made to “prepare for this demographic change”. Despite the calls, there are no official Government plans to go through with the proposal as of yet.