Lewis Hamilton appeared on edge ahead of first practice at the Monaco Grand Prix as he was questioned over Toto Wolff’s comments. The Mercedes team principal said Mercedes could now challenge for the title after an excellent comeback at the Spanish Grand Prix. Sky Sports' Craig Slater asked Hamilton how good it was the team had turned around the car in a short space of time. However, Hamilton simply responded: “It's not turned around yet, it’s almost turned around." Slater was then forced to prompt Hamilton to expand on his answer, asking if the team were on the right path with their development. Hamilton then replied: "We’re not on the right path yet but we’re nearly on the right path. We’re working towards it. “If we were on the right path we would be winning races. READ MORE: George Russell fears Lewis Hamilton will 'unleash anger'  “We’ve come a long, long way, There's been amazing work done in the background. We understand the car a lot more and we understand more of the direction that we need to go. “Yes we are on a better track. We were on the wrong track before. I'm excited about all the work everyone is doing in the background and excited to hopefully be back in the fight soon.” Mercedes enjoyed a brilliant comeback weekend at the Spanish Grand Prix with the team a lot closer to the pace of the frontrunners. Hamilton was able to recover from an early accident to finish fifth while George Russell bagged his second podium of the season. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton addresses jewellery ban ahead of Monaco Grand Prix  [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton offered new solution to jewellery row by Damon Hill [ANALYSIS]Hamilton could be banned for British GP as FIA 'set new deadline' [COMMENT] After the race, Wolff backed his team to continue improving and eventually joined the fight with Ferrari and Red Bull. He said: “Can we fight for another world championship? Well we bet we can. “We just need to have a car able to finish first and second. We have reasons to believe we can get there. If you look at the odds they are against us but motor racing is a different ball game. “We saw on Sunday that Ferrari did not score a lot of points although they should have, so we are absolutely pushing flat out to bring us back into the game.” Hamilton lies over 60 points behind new championship leader Max Verstappen while Russell is just 36 points behind and fourth in the standings. Russell has secured top-five finishes in every race this season. His consistency has helped the Silver Arrows to third in the Constructors' table just 75 points behind Red Bull despite their difficult start to the campaign.