The Spanish Royal Family like to spend their summers in Majorca, in the Balearic Islands. The family have been staying at the impressive Marivent Palace, near Palma de Majorca, for decades.  Marivent Palace is the official summer residence of the Spanish Royal Family and although last summer only King Felipe and Queen Letizia were seen in Majorca with their daughters, the Royal Family have spent their summers on the island since Juan Carlos - King Felipe's father - was crowned in 1975. The Royal Family always visit the island in August, when they enjoy some relaxing time in their private residence but they also carry out official engagements. The Spanish royals love to spend their holiday sailing and are often seen on board the Spanish Royal Yacht. In fact, King Felipe competed as a member of the Spanish sailing team in the 1992 summer Olympic Games in Barcelona. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free  The royal yacht is a 41.51-metre vessel which was gifted to the King of Spain by a group of businesses on the Balearic Islands in 2000. Laurent Calando, CEO and Co-founder of the global platform for boat rental SamBoat, shared some of the reasons why the Spanish royals love spending their summers in Majorca and recommended the best spots to visit on the island. He explained: "The island of Majorca, the authentic jewel of the Mediterranean, offers everything you might wish to have for a vacation: mountains, sea, culture, leisure and great weather. "It offers the perfect blend of culture and nature. "Walking through the narrow streets of the centre in Palma is the ideal way to discover the city. "Seeing the Cathedral of Palma, the Parc del Mar, the Episcopal Palace or the unique fish market of Palma will provide a truly memorable experience. "Another enchanting destination is the Sierra de Tramuntana, home to many wonderful coves that are easily accessible by boat. "By boat, you can also explore the anchorages of Sa Calobra, Cala Tuent or Cala Deia. "For a romantic sunset, nothing beats going to Cabo Formentor to see a perfect landscape of sea and mountains." For those travellers who want to visit Majorca this summer, the island is actually a very affordable option when flying from the UK. Queen Letizia may spend her summer breaks in a luxurious palace, but holidaymakers can also visit Majorca on a budget. The holiday booking site On The Beach has holiday packages for as little as £379 per person for a seven-night stay. Flight from Leeds airport to Palma de Majorca are available with Ryanair for just £30 in June. Similarly, return flights from London Luton with easyJet can be found for just £44 in mid-July.