GB News’ Calvin Robinson criticised the Church of England as he claimed it is is “just another institution totally obsessed with woke”. Mr Robinson claimed the Church of England is a “lost cause” after adding that “wokeism is now taking over” and has become “the new religion”. Mr Robinson said: “No matter what religion, what race, ethnicity, sexuality – all these things don’t matter. “It’s about what brings us together, but the Church is just another public institution that that has become totally obsessed with woke.” He also added: “[Wokeism] is taking over, it is the new religion. “People are obsessed with race, gender and sexuality, all the immutable characteristics, the things about ourselves. “They’re obsessed with dividing us on these and focusing on these as if they are the important thing about us. “Whereas in my faith in Christianity, the thing that unites us is our Christian faith. “We are all one in the identity of Christ. “But even if you’re not a Christian, you should be focusing on the fact that we’re all British. READ MORE: Huge US Navy C-40A Clipper jet spotted 40,000ft over small UK village He also pointed out: “[The Church of England] is still conservative at prayer. “The congregation, the masses, the faithful people who turn up and sit on the pews week in, week out are generally small conservative as are most people in this country I believe. “The problem is the hierarchy, the bishops, they are the Lib Dems at prayer and they think they’re above us for some reason. “[They think] they are a moral superiority and they’ve forgotten that we’re all equal”. DON'T MISS: Tory MP lists three taxes Boris and Rishi should slash to ease crisis [WATCH] Full protocol implementation would mean 'economic tsunami' [LISTEN]'Stakes are very high' Robert Peston makes gloomy prediction for Boris [INSIGHT] The statements come after Mr Robinson claimed that he had been blocked from becoming a Church of England priest after he refuted claims that Britain is institutionally racist. Bishop of Edmonton Rt Rev Rob Wickham commented Mr Robinson’s claims saying: “Calvin’s comments concern me about denying institutional racism in this country”. Mr Robinson revealed that he will be leaving the Church of England to join the Global Anglican Future Conference. “After becoming increasingly disillusioned, I recently decided to leave the Church of England and join a more orthodox institution, the Global Anglican Future Conference (GAFCON). Walking away from the Church of England has been heartbreaking”, Mr Robinson wrote.