Kylian Mbappe’s mother is reportedly furious at the backlash her son has received for turning down Real Madrid. The Paris Saint-Germain star had been expected to move to the Bernabeu this summer amid claims he’d ‘agreed’ to join. Yet he’s now chosen to stay at the Parc des Princes instead. It was confirmed last week that Mbappe would be staying at PSG, with the France international signing a new deal that runs until the summer of 2023. That was a bitter blow to Real Madrid, who had previously been confident the forward would sign on the dotted line. And, now, Cuatro via Sport claim the player’s mother, Fayza Lamari, is ‘very angry’. It’s stated she’s livid at suggestions Madrid were sold a dream, amid claims her son had reached a ‘verbal agreement’ with the La Liga giants. Lamari believes there has been a ‘strategic campaign’ against her son ever since it was revealed he’d chosen to remain at the Parc des Princes. In her eyes, there was never an agreement. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And, therefore, she thinks there was no ‘betrayal’ either. It’s stated the outcome of the saga has eroded the relationship between Mbappe and Real, after years of talks. Last summer, Los Blancos submitted a massive bid in the hope PSG would accept it - only for the Ligue 1 titans to stand firm. They were then optimistic Mbappe would finally make the move to the Bernabeu at the end of the campaign but, now, that won’t be happening. Mbappe has since opened up on his decision to turn down the advances of Real president Florentino Perez. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He said: "Everybody knows I wanted to leave last year. But things are different now, in sporting terms and personally. "Leaving my country wasn't the right thing. “There's a sentimental aspect to this, and the sporting project has changed as well. ... We spoke for months about the sporting project, and we spoke about money for just a few minutes. "I made my decision last week. "I spoke to Florentino Perez. I have a lot of respect for him and for Real Madrid. They did everything to bring me there and make me happy, so I thank them for that." There have been claims Mbappe will now effectively act as PSG’s sporting director. But he insists that won’t be happening, while also shooting down rumours he’d been offered the captaincy. "I'm not going to go beyond my role as a player," he added. "You don't need special responsibility to be involved in this project. “There's a captain at this club, Marquinhos, and I'm not looking to take over from him. I don't need to be captain to give my point of view." Furthermore, Mbappe also admitted he considered a move to Liverpool - in addition to Real - before committing his future to PSG. "We talked a little bit, but not too much," said the 23-year-old. "I talked to Liverpool because it's the favourite club of my mum, my mum loves Liverpool. I don't know why, you will have to ask her. "It's a good club and we met them five years ago. When I was in Monaco I met them. “It's a big club. Of course, it was between Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain in the end."