Rafael Nadal has offered advice to Dominic Thiem ahead of his appearance at the Madrid Open. The Austrian is making a comeback after a lengthy injury layoff and will face Andy Murray in his opening match tonight. The Spaniard is also making a return after over a month off due to a rib injury. Nadal is the master of pulling off miraculous comebacks and folliwng a five-month absence, he went on to win his secpond Australian Open title in January. In his pre-tournament press conference, he refused to put any pressure on the 2020 US Open champion doing the same, insisting he needs to be given time. “It’s not the moment to put pressure on Dominic, it’s not fair to compare about me,” the 21-time grand slam champion told reporters. “The way I was able to come back a lot of times in my tennis career is something special and it is not common. When you're coming back from a period of time without playing there is a process and that’s what Dominic is going through. JUST IN: Boris Becker could be set for 'prison gym instructor' role following 2.5 year sentence  “I have no doubt that if he is healthy he will be back. It’s about time and if he really has the determination and the passion to keep going I don’t have any doubt he will 100% recover his level.” Nadal has not played since the Indian Wells final in March, where Taylor Fritz handed him his first and so far only loss of the season. Despite missing the first clay court events of the campaign in Monte Carlo Carlo and Barcelona, where has a combined total of 23 titles, Nadal has returned fit, motivated and excited to play in front of his home fans once again, with his campaign set to commence tomorrow against either Miomir Kecmanovic or Alexander Bublik. “Talking about the injury, I’m recovered, I feel good. Talking about my tennis game and preparations, well, it’s a completely different story,” Nadal said. “Anyone who has broken a rib knows how limiting it is, very painful, especially the first weeks. I wasn’t able to do anything without a lot of difficulties, even to fall asleep because of the pain. I have improved compared to when I came here but I still have up and downs because it’s been a long time without being in these kind of situations and it’s going to be a difficult week, for sure.” DON'T MISS A potential blockbuster quarter-final with compatriot Carlos Alcaraz is on the cards this week, as well as a semi-final showdown with great rival Novak Djokovic. “I have improved compared to when I arrived here [in Madrid], but I still have ups and downs, because it's been a long time. It's going to be a difficult week," Nadal said, who hopes to make a good assessment of his level when he participates in the Spanish capital. "That's the reality. We have to be calm, we have to accept that things are going to be far away from perfection, but then onwards we just have to fight. I’m recovered. I feel good. It's a very tight tournament for me," Nadal added when asked about his preparation time. "We will have to take the positives and perhaps I will have good moments playing on court. “We have to have some patience. We have to be humble day after day to see what happens. I will try to improve every day." 