Despite criticism for her daring dress sense, Holden, 51, is adamant that she will “not be covered up”. As a health and fitness lover, Holden deserves nothing more than to flaunt the figure she works so hard to maintain. Seemingly unfazed by the complaints to Ofcom by viewers, the star added: “My t*ts seem to become the show's biggest talking point every year. Will people be complaining to Ofcom? I hope so, I really do. I haven't done my job if they aren't." Back in 2020, the radio DJ and television judge opened up about something rather more serious, revealing that she technically died for 40 seconds after the birth of her daughter. After being put into a coma, the star’s life was dangerously on the line, a horrific ordeal from which she suffered PTSD.  Speaking about the birth story of Hollie, who is now 10 years old, Holden revealed that the cause of the damage to her health was a torn artery and severe bleeding, which she called a haemorrhage. She recalled: “I actually did pass away for 40 seconds and then I went into a coma but the NHS were there holding my hand and my husband’s hand who - I feel sorry for him to be honest, he went through it watching it all!” After spending three days in the intensive care unit, the star credited the NHS for saving her life, and in recent years has actively raised money to lend her support for NHS Charities Together. Speaking about her recovery, Holden added: “It makes you suddenly think, I have to live. I’ve got to live, but I’ve got to try and live a good, happy life for me too, and I think that’s why I faced up to the fact that I needed to speak to somebody.”  READ MORE: High cholesterol: Pain in three areas of the body signals high levels - do not 'dismiss'  The star also spoke out about the need for therapy after the loss of her stillborn son Theo in 2011. The Britain’s Got Talent judge said she “felt so responsible” after Theo passed away in 2011 and that “not a day goes by” when she doesn’t think of him. Using the technique of hypnotherapy - which is used to try and change habits through a kind of hypnosis - Holden was able to get “confidence” in her body back. Mind explains that PTSD is a mental health problem that may develop after experiencing traumatic events. There are common signs and symptoms that individuals may experience, but it is important to note that not everyone’s symptoms or experience is the same.  The most commonly reported symptoms include: Various studies have shown that those with PTSD continue to produce the hormones cortisol and adrenaline, which are usually released when preparing to respond to a threat, sometimes called the “fight, flight or freeze” response. Even without a threat or being in danger, cortisol and adrenaline continue to be released, which is thought to explain some symptoms such as extreme alertness and being easily startled. Some people also experience physical symptoms similar to symptoms of anxiety, such as headaches, dizziness, chest pains and stomach aches.  Some individuals with PTSD may develop what is known as complex PTSD, which is a condition where you experience some symptoms of PTSD along with some additional symptoms. This may not develop until years after the event. However, no matter when PTSD develops, the condition can be treated and cured with the help of several treatments. Any treatment depends on the severity of symptoms and how soon they occur after the traumatic event. Psychological therapies are effective treatments for not only PTSD but also anxiety and depression. One of the most popular is cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). CBT is based on the idea that thoughts, feelings, what we do, and how our bodies feel physically, are all connected. It works to help individuals notice and challenge patterns of thoughts or behaviours to feel better. Confidential mental health support can be found at Samaritans on 116 123 or via email jo@samaritans.org. 