 Gogglebox viewers have enjoyed the banter between the Essex-based family since they joined the show in 2020. However, son Joe Baggs has taken to social media to release a statement about their time on the show and how they have decided to leave the long-running programme. Fans are unhappy, and although showering the family with support, they want answers as to why they are leaving.   Father Terry, mother Lisa and their two sons, Joe and George Baggs have great on-screen chemistry, as noted often by viewers of the show. Their cheeky jabs at each other and at the programmes they watch on Gogglebox are frequently commented on by fans on social media. After appearing on the show for two years and three seasons, viewers will notice the family missing from future instalments of the Channel 4 programme. Joe and George, who both have over 100,000 Instagram followers, shared the news together on Monday. Read More: 'Not right!' Meghan and Harry Netflix cameras blasted for being at Jubilee by Ferrari  They said: "After three incredible seasons on Channel 4’s Gogglebox we have taken the decision to leave the show. "We have loved every second of being part of the Gogglebox family, and it’s truly been the opportunity of a lifetime. "With lots of exciting opportunities approaching for us all, we just couldn’t commit to filming another series, but are so grateful for the opportunity." Accompanying the post, they shared a series of snaps from their time on the show. They ended their sincere message with: "Thank you for all of your support whilst we have been on the show and over on TikTok. We hope that you’re as excited as we are for what’s coming next! "Much love, The Baggs." Express.co.uk have reached out to Channel 4 for comment. Since the news hit the internet, loyal fans have taken to their social media to share heartfelt messages to the family. @whitley_mr said: "Have I just got emotional over the Baggs family leaving Gogglebox.......Maybe I'm not crying you're crying #Gogglebox @Channel4." DON’T MISS…Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star as she lands 1932 role [LATEST]Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show 'Need to go' [LATEST]‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks out on key Claire change [LATEST]   Fellow Gogglebox regular Ellie Warner commented: "All the best to you guys." A distraught charlene_1304 chimed in: "Nooooooo!!!! One of my faves from the show. "But to be honest, you’re more entertaining over on TikTok. "I hope you guys leaving means there’s a possibility of your own show coming." Fellow Gogglebox regulars commented: "All the best to you guys."    A distraught charlene_1304 chimed in: "Nooooooo!!!! One of my faves from the show." To soften the blow of the family leaving, fan-favourite Jenny Newby, who has been absent from the show due to medical reasons, has confirmed she and best friend Lee Riley would return. The most recent season ended on May 27, with the show's 20th series due to premiere later in the year. Gogglebox is available to stream on ALL4 