Tesco customers are being warned they have just over two weeks to spend the remainder of certain Clubcard points, as vouchers will expire by the end of May. Customers should get shopping soon, as there's an enormous £17million worth of Clubcard vouchers to be spent. Any coupons issued in May 2020 must be used before May 31, 2022. Otherwise, they will become invalid. Alessandra Bellini, Tesco's chief customer officer, spoke about the reward scheme in April. READ MORE: Prince Charles is 'in no mood to help' Camilla on royal engagements  Acknowledging that times are “tough", she emphasised that Tesco hoped to relieve some financial pressures. Their aim was to "show customers all the ways we can help them spend less, and leave them with more money in their pockets". As the cost of living is becoming increasingly high, Tesco hoped to help alleviate this issue. Or, Tesco Clubcard vouchers can be used to treat customers and their loved ones. Ken Murphy, chief executive at Tesco stated that the supermarket's priority is to be the most convenient retailer. "That means serving customers wherever, whenever and however they want," reported Birmingham Live. Tesco Clubcard vouchers are issued every three months, in February, May, August and November. They are valid for two years. Tesco customers can check if they have outstanding vouchers by logging into the Tesco Clubcard website. The Tesco Clubcard scheme is extremely popular among shoppers. @yejendary recently tweeted: "I Can’t Lie, the @Tesco Clubcard Life Is The Sweet Life." @Kamikazaii joked: "This economy and you don’t have a Tesco Clubcard?" @MariahGeorgina_ seconded this: "If you don’t have a Tesco Clubcard by now, why are you doing that to yourself?" But Aldi had something to say regarding their competitor's free reward scheme. @AldiUK took to social media, saying just last night: "Australia being the in The Eurovision Song Content is as confusing as Tesco Clubcard prices #Eurovision #AUS." With a Clubcard, Tesco shoppers can collect points to save money on shopping, or gain rewards such as meals out and even holidays.