Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner clashed with presenter Jane Moore over Partygate and Beergate during a heated debate on Loose Women. Rayner was quick to fire back at the columnist's questions about Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer. Many viewers praised Rayner for "not taking any prisoners" or being intimated by the panel.  The politician addressed Sue Gray's long-awaited report into lockdown parties at Downing Street while coronavirus restrictions were in place. After photographs emerged of the Prime Minister drinking wine at his office during lockdown Rayner issued a statement earlier this week saying he "should have resigned by now". When she appeared as a guest on Thursday's Loose Women, she continued to lambast Boris Johnson. Rayner told the panel: "Who could have leaving dos then? There was nothing in the regulations then saying, 'You can have a leaving do for somebody.'" READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon Clearly frustrated over the incident, she continued: "I was working." Moore was keen to focus the conversation on the Beergate scandal which Rayner has been embroiled in. The nation is waiting to find out whether Starmer and Rayner will be fined for attending an event last year in the North East. Durham Police initially cleared the Labour Leader of wrongdoing last year, but the force has since reopened the case.  Earlier this week Durham Police turned down a Freedom of Information request over whether Labour's Police and Crime Commissioner Joy Allen was consulted on the original investigation. Both Starmer and Rayner have vowed to resign if they are found to have breached any lockdown rules. Moore told Rayner: "Let's go to Beergate because there were months of denials by Sir Keir Starmer who we've had on the show that you were there." Rayner clapped back at Moore, saying: "No there were not months of denials." DON'T MISS...Loose Women's Denise Welch shuts down critic after husband swipe [UPDATE]Ruth Langsford calls out Phillip over 'Well-dressed mutts' remark [MUST SEE]Ruth Langsford admits she's the 'most jealous person on the planet' [VIDEO] As the politician tried to explain herself Moore continued to speak over her and added: "He came out in public and denied that you were there." Rayner snapped: "No he didn't, he didn't say I wasn't there, some member of staff had said once that I wasn't there. "He knew I was there because we literally did a video together while I was there." When Moore asked Rayner why Starmer did not correct his statement "immediately" the Labour politician replied: "Well, I am not sure he didn't not correct it."  Viewers were weighed in on the debate, with Jen Gally tweeting: "Wasn’t she brilliant? She took no prisoners she wasn’t going to be intimidated by anyone, well done Angela Rayner." Audrey Farrelly added: "#LooseWomen Angela Rayner is not allowing Jane Moore to gaslight her." @BigFishermanC commented: "Jane seems angry that Angela Rayner isn’t denying being there #LooseWomen." Julie Kirk said: "@AngelaRayner is a class act and totally shut down Jane Moore on @loosewomen. I really hope one day she is PM #loosewomen." Loose Women airs on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 