Anas Sarwar slapped down attempts from the SNP benches to shout him down as the Scottish Labour leader raised the case of a constituent named Leanne who was unable to travel home after work due to public transport cuts. Mr Sarwar turned on SNP MSPs in the face of heckling, arguing they could "hum and haw" but the experience of people like Leanne in Scotland was being shared by their constituents too. Mr Sarwar told SNP MSPs: "Unlike the Deputy First Minister Leanne does not have a ministerial car to get her home. "In the middle of a cost of living crisis...you can hum and haw or you like! "This is a real lived experience for your constituents too. "Care about your constituents!"  He added: "In the middle of a cost of living crisis she has to spend £20 on a taxi. "That means she has to work two hours just to get home. "That is the reality for thousands of people across the country." SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon was not present in the chamber for the fiery clash as she continues to recover from Covid-19.   The First Minister said on Friday she had tested positive for coronavirus, following a meeting with Sinn Fein vice-president Michelle O'Neill and a trip to the United States. Ms Sturgeon said this week the virus had "knocked me for six", and she added on Twitter on Thursday that she was feeling better but "still not very well". She added: "Today John Swinney will stand in for me at #FMQs. "I'm starting to feel a bit better, but still not very well - Covid managed to really floor me unfortunately. DON'T MISS: 'We had to implement them!' Boris forced to justify the rules he broke [REPORT]'Wine spilled on the wall' Four grisly details in the Sue Gray report [REPORT]Tory Party on course to ‘lose next general election’ MP warns Boris [REPORT]  "I'll hopefully be back fully fit after taking rest of week at home to recover. Thanks again for all the good wishes." Alongside Mr Sarwar's questions on the cost of living, Deputy First Minister John Swinney also faced a tense grilling over his involvement in the sign off of a contract for two late and over-budget ferries. Mr Swinney said the contract was signed to ensure the ferries were built and to secure employment at the Ferguson Marine shipyard in Port Glasgow. The Glen Sannox and as-yet-unnamed hull 802 are set to be completed five years later than planned and at least two-and-a-half-times over budget.