Power Book III: Raising Kanan was the second spin-off to come out, following the success of Power Book II: Ghost when it premiered in 2020. The Starz prequel gives fans of the franchise an insight into how Kanan Stark (played by Mekai Curtis) became the man that he did and how his mum Raq (Patina Miller) impacted many of his choices. After the shocking reveal in the season one finale, viewers are eager to know exactly when Kanan and the gang will be back for more. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Power Book III: Raising Kanan. Raising Kanan made its debut on Starz in July 2021, and proved to be a hit with fans of the crime drama franchise. Starz was so confident in the spin-off's potential that it renewed the series for a second outing six days before the season one premiere. There were previously talks of Raising Kanan making a comeback sometime in the summer of 2022. Now, a start date for the second series has been confirmed with an end to the waiting game insight. READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change Power Book III: Raising Kanan season two will start on Sunday, August 14, on Starz. Like with the first series and the other shows in the franchise, a new instalment will then come out every Sunday on the American network as well as on Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK. Previously, series have consisted of 10 episodes each so this could be the case once again. Going by the end of season one, there will be plenty of drama to look forward to in season two. Raq's drug empire was growing but needed Detective Malcolm Howard (Omar Epps) out of the way. After manipulating her son Kanan, she convinced him to murder the detective. Kanan does end up pulling the trigger twice but little does he know that Howard is in fact his biological father. Luckily, Howard survives the attack but will it lead to him telling the Kanan the truth? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Nicola King for affair as lies unravel [THEORY]‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change [CAST]Outlander’s Jamie Fraser star Sam sparks frenzy with night shoot snaps [REACTION] After announcing the season two premiere date, Starz released a synopsis, giving fans a taste of what's to come. The description says: "As we enter season two, Raquel ‘Raq’ Thomas has gained control over the city’s drug trade, but her son is slipping away. "Kanan Stark returns to Queens uncertain of his future with the family business, and because of Detective Howard’s lingering secret, he’s even more uncertain of his past. "Kanan searches for the truth while Raq boldly expands the business into hostile Mafia territory. "Lou-Lou (Malcolm Mays) has other plans that revolve around his emerging record label, but Raq isn’t about to let his side hustle get in the way of her expansion. "Although Marvin (London Brown) remains Raq’s loyal soldier, he struggles to earn Jukebox’s (Hailey Kilgore) forgiveness and become the father she deserves. The ties that bind this family are becoming undone, but Raq will stop at nothing to hold them together." Raising Kanan wasn't the only Power drama to be renewed either as Ghost and Force are both going to be making comebacks as well. Ghost season three is expected to return later this year, although there has been no confirmation of a date. Meanwhile, Force season two will be dropping on Starz sometime in February 2023. Power Book III: Raising Kanan is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.