In a video for B&Q, DIY experts Jai Godwin and Gill Lyon shared a “good way” to paint a room. When painting, many people are unsure what technique to use for an “even coverage”. Gill suggested painting using a “w” motion. She said: “Here's a top tip, painting methodically with a ‘w’ action is a good way to get an even coverage and reduce any lines.” Before painting, homeowners need to make sure their walls, woodwork and ceilings have been properly prepared. The experts said: “Don't skip on the preparation if you want a really good paint finish to be proud of.” The B&Q experts painted the room with a standard white emulsion on the ceiling and a dark blue emulsion on the walls. They then used standard white gloss for the woodwork. READ MORE: How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method   To paint the room, they used a medium pile roller and tray for the walls, a small brush the edges and a larger brush for the rest of the wood work. Before painting walls, light switches and plug sockets need to be covered up with masking tape, and carpets need to be covered with sheets or plastic. When painting, Jai said it’s a “good idea” to give walls “two coats” of white emulsion as an undercoat before putting the top coat on. He said: “This is especially true for a newly plastered wall or if you're painting over a dark colour. “If your original wall colour is dark try using a grey undercoat, it neutralises more than white would.” DON'T MISSWeeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [INSIGHT]‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns [UPDATE]I tried the £1 air fryer cleaning hack - the results were astounding [ANALYSIS] The DIY experts said homeowners should start by painting the ceiling. The reason for this is because if paint is spilt onto the walls or woodwork, these can be covered at a later stage. After the ceiling, the walls, window frame, window sill and skirting boards can be painted. The last item to be painted is the door. Homeowners need to paint working their way out of the room to avoid touching any wet paint. When painting walls, the first part to paint is where the ceiling meets the wall edge, also known as the “cutting in”. Homeowners need to make their way around the room methodically to get a “professional finish”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Jai said homeowners should not “overload the brush” when painting as it will make it harder to get a good finish. He added: “Push the brush against the wall not too hard just so the bristles fan out then slowly and steadily work along the edge. “Repeat this process around the room.” Start in the corner near a light source when painting the walls and then work in bands across the wall, remembering to use the “w” motion.  Try not to take a break halfway while painting a wall, otherwise marks could be left on the wall. Repeat the above process for all the walls in the room. Homeowners should use a minus of two coats of the top coat to get a “good finish”. Jai added: “You need to let the first coat dry first and check your tin for drying times but it's usually around two hours.”