The 40-year-old Duchess of Sussex and former Suits actress has stayed slim throughout her time in the spotlight, even after giving birth to two children. But what were the Duchess' eating and exercise habits before royal life? Meghan Markle and Prince Harry live in sunny California and have a world of food at their disposal. The Duchess' upbringing has done wonders for her love of healthy food and cooking. Even before she entered the royal spotlight, Meghan revealed: "That farm-to-table ethos was ingrained at such a young age." A fan of fresh produce, even from a young age Meghan "loved gardening and growing my own vegetables". READ MORE: Mike Tindall orders delivery as Zara is ‘not into eating red meat' She described her style of eating as "fresh, fresh, fresh", opting for simple foods rather than processed snacks filled with artificial ingredients. Speaking about her eating habits in California, she stated: "And the diet tends to be healthier as well - acai bowls, green juices, chopped salads, perfect sushi, grilled fish tacos. "Those are all things that make me think of home," she told blog EyeSwoon. For breakfast, Meghan went for healthy options such as acai bowls, shakes or green juices. She also advocated green juice over coffee as an afternoon pick-me-up. During hotel stays, she would order a high-protein breakfast of poached eggs and toast with avocado. For lunch, Meghan would reportedly eat a salad with a protein source, possibly chicken, salmon or tuna. When it comes to dinner, Meghan even has ways of making typically indulgent, high-fat dishes into healthy, nutritious meals. Her "filthy, sexy" pasta dish is one such meal. She makes a vegetarian version of traditional meaty bolognese using slow-cooked courgette. She told Delish: "The sauce gets so creamy, you'd swear there's tons of butter and oil in it, but it's just zucchini, water and a little bouillon." But the Duchess isn't afraid to indulge now and again, as a healthy diet is a balanced one. "I love a french fry, but there’s no shame in that," she told Eyeswoon. In terms of exercise, Meghan Markle is partial to a yoga session. Her mother, Doria Ragland, is actually an instructor, which inspired Meghan to take up the toning activity. The now Duchess told Best Health Magazine in 2016 that "yoga is my thing". "My mom is a yoga instructor, and I started doing mommy-and-me yoga with her when I was seven. "I was very resistant as a kid, but she said, 'Flower, you will find your practice – just give it time'. In college, I started doing it more regularly." It is with yoga and Meghan's healthy eating habits that she maintained her stunning figure.