Toto Wolff has confessed Mercedes still don't "understand" their own car - over one month after Lewis Hamilton demanded more from his team. The Brit was left frustrated after finishing fourth at the Australian Grand Prix, declaring that instant changes were needed in order to keep his world championship hopes alive. But Hamilton and Mercedes' struggles have continued, despite a passionate plea from the seven-time world champion, who has since conceded that his title hopes are over. After trailing Charles Leclerc by 43 points after just three races, Hamilton stated: “There is performance to be gained and we need it now, not in two or three races,” he said. “I have got to keep that encouragement and energy high. I will be on Zoom calls with our bosses, really trying to rally them up. It is about making sure we leave no stone unturned, that the hunger is there and we are maximising every moment. "I will be chasing the people in the wind tunnel, the aerodynamic guys, and just looking at every single area.” However, two races down the line and Hamilton's task has got even harder as he now trails leader Leclerc by 68 points. He came in 13th place at the Emilia Romagna GP before finishing in sixth in Miami. Yet in preparation for Barcelona, Wolff has made another concerning revelation that is likely to add to Hamilton's misery after claiming Mercedes are still no closer to resolving the issues with their car. He was asked by Sport24 Auto: "And how is Mercedes doing at the moment?" To which the Austrian responded: "We still don't understand our car. We had a really good day at Friday practice in Miami and were among the fastest. "On Saturday everything was suddenly different again. Minimal changes in the set-up have a big impact." Mercedes recorded substantial upgrades to their car - in a bid to help it run lower to the ground - for the Miami Grand Prix. The Silver Arrows were sporting a new rear wing and beam wing as they looked to turn their campaign around. The lower drag and downforce wing had been in the works for a while and was nearly debuted in Jeddah. After some delays, Miami was the chosen track for its first run out due to the long straights at the Miami International Autodrome. However, both Hamilton and George Russell continued to experience problems with the W13 and its ongoing porpoising issues. Mercedes are now working around the clock to resolve the issues ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix.