After years of delays, Indiana Jones 5 is finally set to hit cinemas next summer with Harrison Ford playing his iconic role for one last time. The 79-year-old surprised fans at Star Wars Celebration 2022 in Anaheim, California today when John Williams began conducting the theme tune. Aside from the actor also being so well known for Han Solo, the Indy franchise is part of Lucasfilm just like Star Wars, hence a prime opportunity to show off the first official look at the 2023 blockbuster. After taking to the stage in front of a deafening crowd, Ford joked: "That music was playing in the operating room when I had my last colonoscopy." The Hollywood legend then let fans know that Indiana Jones 5 would be released in June next year, before showing the first official image of the character walking over a rope bridge in some sort of cave. Lucasfilm teased: "In 2023, Harrison Ford returns as the legendary #IndianaJones. Check out this first look of the new James Mangold-directed film." Ford added: "I’m really proud of the movie that we made. So I’ll be seeing you around campus…” Little is know about the movie, which some fans have speculated could feature time travel given that set photos last year showed the star with dots on his face for digital de-aging, alongside Nazi extras. Captured snaps also showed a ticker-tape parade in New York City for the returning Moon Landing astronauts, setting the action for at least part of the film in 1969. Phoebe Waller-Bridge co-stars with Mads Mikkelsen playing the villain, a suspected old Nazi scientist. Steven Spielberg has handed on the directing chair to Logan's James Mangold but will stay on as producer, while, of course, the 90-year-old John Williams will return to write the film's score. DON'T MISSIndiana Jones 5 plot synopsis leak? What magical artifact may mean [INDIANA JONES 5]Indiana Jones 5: Lucasfilm ‘considering Young Indiana Jones reboot’ [YOUNG INDY]Indiana Jones 5: John Rhys-Davies teases Sallah return? WATCH [VIDEO] A title for the new movie is yet to be announced, but hopefully it'll be before the end of the year. It wouldn't be surprising if a first teaser was attached to Avatar 2 just before Christmas. Indiana Jones hits cinemas on June 30, 2023.