Selling Sunset's favourite villain Christine Quinn has been embroiled in a mixture of dramatic storylines since the Netflix reality show landed on screens in 2019. However, the outspoken real estate agent has admitted she has been "silenced" from discussing the show during an interview on This Morning. Since season five aired on Netflix, Christine has been vocal about working at The Oppenheim Group brokerage as well as filming for the show. The mother-of-one appeared via video link on Wednesday's instalment of This Morning to be interviewed by Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield about her latest project and Selling Sunset. Phillip asked the 33-year-old businesswoman whether any of the storylines in Selling Sunset were real. However, Christine stated: "I have been silenced from talking about the show. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon "But I have always loved television and the show must go on and the show will go on. "I am so excited I have been nominated for an MTV award and I will be at the awards show. I am not going anywhere, I am always going to be on television." Holly asked whether the door was shut on Selling Sunset for Christine, but the star replied: "No, not at all, it is just really up to me to figure out what I want to do moving forward." However, Phillip then addressed a "huge list" of issues surrounding Christine ever returning to the series.  He said: "You've fallen out with your colleagues, you've called the show a fake, you've opened your own business. "Yes, a lot of people are saying it would fall apart if you weren't there, but how could you go back after that?" Christine, confident as ever, told Phillip she's "strategic in everything" she does and does not believe there's anything wrong with that. Selling Sunset fans will remember real estate agent Emma Hernan accused Christine of bribing a client with £5,000 not to work with her anymore in season five. DON'T MISS...Where is Selling Sunset's Christine Quinn now? [EXPLAINER]How much does Christine Quinn get paid for Selling Sunset? [INSIGHT]Why did Davina Potratz leave Selling Sunset's Oppenheim Group? [LATEST] The explosive season ended when Christine's boss Jason Oppenheim summoned her for a meeting and confirmed she offered a bribe. However, Christine spoke out about the alleged bribe on This Morning, telling viewers: "I have absolutely never bribed a client, nor would I ever. "Like I said I have been silenced from talking about the show." Christine also discussed her new book, How to be a Boss B***h, telling ITV viewers: "We want to make everyone happy but I think it is important to set boundaries and sometimes say no.  "I think there is power in being a quitter and quitting a work environment which is toxic which no longer serves you. "I am speaking more in terms of my professional business endeavours, not the show, but that is why I wanted to write the book. "I wanted to teach people how to have confidence and how to use it." This Morning continues on weekdays at 10am on ITV and Selling Sunset is available to watch on Netflix. 