Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are expected to miss out on the balcony photo opportunity during the ceremonial Trooping of the Colour for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations. Ms Levin believes the Queen may be persuaded to organise a second balcony appearance which would be open to those non-working members of the Royal Family who would otherwise miss out on the iconic occasion. Ms Levin told Sky News: "Again, I think Prince Harry might persuade her to let them in at the last minute. "Because instead of going to the [Epsom] Derby, she's thinking or we're being offered that she could come on the balcony twice, you see. "So maybe one is actually when it's the Trooping the Colour, they won't come on there. "But another one, maybe they will. I just hope they don't take it over."  The queen is also due to make an appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to greet the crowds, although the two most controversial members of the royal family - her son Prince Andrew and grandson Prince Harry - will be absent. In February, Andrew settled a US lawsuit in which he was accused of sexually abusing Virginia Giuffre. He had previously stepped down from public duties because of his connections to the late convicted U.S. sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Harry, younger son of heir Prince Charles, also gave up royal duties to move with his American wife Meghan to Los Angeles, from where they have delivered barbs and accusations of racism against the royal household. However, both are likely to attend other engagements over the long weekend. Another notable absentee will be her late husband Prince Philip, who died aged 99 last April after 73 years by her side.  Friday will see a thanksgiving service at London's St Paul's Cathedral, while on Saturday the queen is due to attend the Derby horse race with other family members. Later there will be a concert outside Buckingham Palace, featuring the likes of rock group Queen, pop band Duran Duran and US singer Diana Ross. Celebrations will conclude on Sunday, with street parties and a pageant through the British capital. Elizabeth became the queen of Britain and more than a dozen other realms including Canada, Australia and New Zealand on the death of her father King George VI on February 6, 1952, while she was in Kenya on an international tour. DON'T MISS: Kate, William, Sophie and Edward step in for Queen in appearance TODAY [REVEAL] Plan to 'sing Sweet Caroline at street parties' faces fan backlash [INSIGHT] Prince William thought Meghan's visions were 'too political' [SPOTLIGHT] At the time, Josef Stalin, Mao Zedong and Harry Truman were leading the Soviet Union, China and the United States, while Winston Churchill was British prime minister. In September 2015, she overtook her great-great-grandmother Queen Victoria to become the longest-reigning monarch in nearly 1,000 years of a line that traces its origin back to Norman King William I and his 1066 conquest of England. During her seven decades on the throne, the queen has been a symbol of stability for the country during huge social, economic and political change, including the end of the British Empire. "Not only has your majesty been a constant presence in the lives of most of your subjects, but you are also the third longest-serving monarch in world history," the Speaker of parliament's House of Commons said in a statement. 