The council tax rebate scheme was launched as part of Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s Energy Bills Rebate to help UK households with the cost of living crisis. The scheme offers residents living in council tax bands A to D a £150 non-repayable rebate to help families out with the ever-increasing bills Britons are currently facing. Councils across the UK were due to start paying eligible households from April 1, however, a number announced residents may not receive payment for months to come. This is because many councils are still waiting for the new payment software update to enable funds to be processed. According to Chelmsford City Council, because of the council tax system being designed “to collect money rather than pay it out”, new software has had to be installed - and with new software comes checks, which has caused the delays. Several councils have stated those who pay council tax via direct debit will receive funds faster as respective details will already be logged in the system. So, if you want a speedier payment, it’s advised you set this up first.  READ MORE: How much council tax should you be paying? Check your band today  Councils have until September 30 to pay out the money. However, seven councils have announced they will be processing payments this week. The following councils have announced on their websites they will be paying residents the rebate as of this week.  Several other councils have announced they will be making payments in May, but have not detailed a specific date yet. These councils checked include (but are not limited to): DON'T MISS: Council tax rebate: Millions still waiting - when will you get yours? [INSIGHT]Britons could save £340 every year with prepayment certificates [EXPLAINED]Best easy access savings accounts - up to 1.5% [ANALYSIS]     The £150 non-refundable rebate is only available to those in houses listed in council tax bands A to D. Council tax bands are determined based on the value of your home, and these bands range from A to H by the Valuation Office Agency.  Today’s banding is based on the value of your home on 1 April 1991. This banding determines how much council tax households should pay every month and contributes to the services provided by the council. Council tax covers schools, roads, libraries, support for vulnerable children and adults, and rubbish collections, as well as the police, fire services and other local services. 