The Royal Family have faced considerable backlash as Prince William and Kate Middleton headed on a tour of the Caribbean to celebrate the Queens Platinum Jubilee. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex then head off to a number of Caribbean countries a few weeks later and again, were met with protest and criticism. Reflecting on the unsuccessful royal tours, Richard Fitzwilliams told GB News host Patrick Christys and Mercy Muroki, Meghan and Harry would have been the best pair to send. Christys asked: “There was a very interesting point about Prince Harry - and I say this with a pinch of salt - there was an interesting Prince Harry made in that Oprah interview. “He did actually say, Meghan Markle as a black woman could have played a role in the Royal Family, especially when it comes to things like the Caribbean tours. “We’ve seen accusations there, that it’s not gone down too well with the locals. “Maybe there is an argument there to say Meghan Markle could have been a good ambassador for the Royal Family abroad in certain countries and that isn’t going to happen now.” READ MORE: Here We Go star Alison Steadman recalls 'weird feeling' on-set “There’s no question at all that the departure of the Sussexes was disastrous for the Royal Family,” Fitzwilliams replied. “The potential, especially give that they had such an appeal with young people, and especially given the fact that the vast majority of people in the commonwealth are young and are persons of colour. “And the fact Meghan was a person of colour, a divorcee and American and a former actress, she, I thought, knew the ropes more than anyone. “Of course I was proved wrong. But the facts were the potential there was marvellous “Harry was so popular and the brothers, we thought, were absolutely inseparable. How wrong we were.” It comes after many Caribbean countries have asked for reparations for Britain’s historical involvement in the slave trade. The Royal Family have also been asked for an apology while some countries have shared their wish to remove the Queen as head of state and become a republic. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Professor Philip Murphy, director of History & Policy at the Institute of Historical Research said these tours will become “far less frequent”. DON'T MISS...Harry's biographer hits out at Duke 'manipulating' Jubilee party [LATEST] Prince Harry's biographer in brutal analysis of Netflix cancellation [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle’s Pearl showrunner speaks out on Netflix cancellation [UPDATE] He explained: “I think the palace is now faced with a dilemma. “Visits of this sort were seen in the past as UK soft power but increasingly they are a cause for embarrassment. "So I suspect that what will happen is that they will become far less frequent." On his trip to Jamaica, Prince William addressed Britain’s involvement in slave trade in a speech at a state dinner. He said: “I want to express my profound sorrow. Slavery was abhorrent. “And it should never have happened." However, he did not apologise or make any reference to reparations to the country. To The Point airs weekdays on GB News from 10am.