Prince Harry’s involvement in a sustainable travel campaign has been condemned by LBC broadcaster Nick Ferrari. The radio host hit out at the Duke of Sussex’s hypocrisy in endorsing a travel movement but refusing to bring his own family abroad to visit their royal relatives. Ferrari said: “Well he's gone out one the world wide web hasn’t he? “We’ve lost him.”    The radio presenter mocked the Prince’s support for the campaign, adding: “He’s in his own Star Trek he's so far away - he’s Captain Burke. “Might be a good idea actually to bring your children down so that the Queen can see her great grandchildren. “She’s clearly an ailing lady but you worry about sweet wrappers in New Zealand.” Mr Ferrari highlighted the failure of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to arrange for their two young children, Archie and Lilibet, to visit their increasingly frail great-grandmother.    The couple's youngest child, Lilibet, is yet to meet the Queen as the couple have made California their permanent residence. Since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back from official royal duties in 2020, the pair have maintained their distance from the core Royal Family. Nick Ferrari claimed the Prince was hypocritical in backing a travel campaign yet refusing to travel to the UK himself. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle did make a low-profile visit to Windsor Castle in April to meet with the Queen, although the couple’s children were absent. Read more: Queen's ceremonial maces seen poking out of window Prince Harry explained the launch of his sustainable travel scheme which he promoted as part of a New Zealand television skit. “A few years ago I founded Travelyst, a non-profit dedicated to making sustainable tourism mainstream for all of us and, through that, creating systemic change. “Every year, more and more of us want better options and, for the first time, travellers are striving to make that a reality for everybody who wants to support local communities.” Throughout the bizarre clip, the behaviour of the Prince was rated depending on how environmentally friendly his actions were. Don't miss:Prince Harry 'lashed out' at paparazzi after 'pleading' to be alone [REPORT]Queen's absence from Parliament saddens fans 'not ready' for future [INSIGHT]Queen 'not putting her feet up' as she 'maintains busy diary' [REVEAL] The non-profit organisation is described as a global initiative dedicated to the advancement of sustainable travel options. The Prince added: “For our first campaign we’re encouraging people to flip the script. “We’re always being asked for our feedback on our trips and experiences, but what would happen if our holiday rated us?” Irony of Prince Harry’s support for travel yet continuous avoidance of the UK was blasted by Nick Ferrari as he condemned the video to be “a pile of skit.”   