You might not like it, it might make some people uncomfortable, but that’s tough. We don’t get outraged when it’s directed at politicians, nor should we when it’s directed at royals. And there’s good reason to boo royals, because they represent something that a lot of people object to. Not Britain, but elitism, unearned wealth, limits on democracy and hereditary privilege. At a time when millions are suffering from the cost-of-living crisis, they also represent a deeply unequal and unfair society. We live in a country that leaves many destitute, while rewarding one family with hundreds of millions of pounds, two-dozen luxury homes and a fleet of private jets, helicopters and even their own train. And why? For no reason than that their ancestors stole power and land from everyone else. What’s shameful is not the booing, but the condemnation of that booing by politicians who have remained silent in the face of scandal after royal scandal.   They say nothing about accusations of racism, they have remained largely silent during the ongoing Prince Andrew saga, they have ignored serious cash-for-honours allegations levelled at Prince Charles (and reported to the police) and our politicians do nothing about the daily spending of public money on the private lifestyles of the Windsor clan. Yet when citizens in a supposedly democratic country boo a man who is both powerful and privileged, there is outrage. The media and our politicians are going to have to face up to the fact that the monarchy’s popularity is on the wane, and that we’re going to need a more level-headed and serious debate about its future. Polls are now consistently showing a sharp drop in support from more than 70 percent 10 years ago to around 60 percent across the UK, while support among younger people and in Scotland has fallen well below 50 percent. More than one in four people in Britain now want the monarchy abolished. And here’s the problem the royals face: the Queen is the one person who sustains what support they have, and the only person who could hope to turn that polling around. Yet the inevitable truth is that the Queen will not be around for much longer, and has already withdrawn from public life, with jubilee events likely to be her last major outings. Prince Charles and William do not attract anything like the respect and support given to the Queen, and they will not inherit any of the deference that has protected the monarchy. For a lot of people the Queen represents something unique, a distinct connection with our past. She is protected in part by her own silence, a refusal to be drawn on any political or social issues. That cannot be said of William or Charles, who represent and defend a deep sense of entitlement, privilege and elitism while lecturing the rest of us to change our lifestyles for the sake of the planet. We know who they are, we know what they think. And a lot of people aren’t impressed. It won’t be obvious from this month’s coverage of the jubilee, but that booing is another sign of changing times. The monarchy’s days are numbered, and one day, sooner than you might expect, we’ll get the chance to elect our head of state.  Graham Smith is chief executive officer at Republic, the campaign to abolish the monarchy. 