On Saturday night, Ukraine narrowly beat the UK in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022. UK entry and TikTok star Sam Ryder was at the top of the leaderboard during the jury votes. However, the competition took a U-turn when the public votes came flooding in. This meant Sam came in second after Ukraine's entry Kalush Orchestra. The Space Man singer appeared on Tuesday's Lorraine, where he discussed how he is feeling days after the contest. Sam also shared details of an accident fans didn't see as he admitted to falling off his seat when he received his first 12 points on the night. Discussing the love and support he has received since coming in second place, he began: "It was honestly... that was the biggest thing that I've taken away, that palpable energy. "It really did feel like some kind of church with the amount of joy in the room." READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle The singer continued: "I think it's the most happy place, most happy experience I've ever been immersed in and to share it with not just my team, but my closest friends." Discussing his off-screen accident, Sam told the host: "I mean when the first 12 points came in, I fell off into the plastic hedge behind the sofa." "I would have done the same," Lorraine joked. "I didn't quite know what to do with myself." The ITV host went on to ask Sam if he minded coming in second to Ukraine's entry. "Absolutely not," the social media star replied as he admitted he would return to Eurovision to perform if he got the chance. "If there was another year, let's just say for argument's sake, say that there was a possibility of going and living this experience in a different year of winning, I'd still rather have experienced this year and have been a part of that sign of solidarity." Elsewhere in his interview, Sam paid a tribute to Kalush Orchestra, as he praised: "Those guys and that whole team are amazing, incredible. "What they did, how they carried themselves is admirable and just completely inspirational." DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [CAST]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [VIDEO]Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [INSIGHT] Discussing his platform and followers on TikTok, Lorraine said he encouraged a younger audience to tune in to watch the contest. "I'm such a big Eurovision fan, it will be like the most important and rewarding experience of my life," the 32-year-old beamed. "[Just] meeting those artists and sharing that space... everyone being kind of know so admirable to get on that stage, that many people it's not easy and your mind racing a lot of time." "Just to share it with those people is unforgettable and hopefully people will be tuning into Eurovision going forward," Sam added. The singer went on to explain that following the competition, he will continue to release music and perform gigs across the UK. He also has plans to release a new album in the coming months. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.