  American singer and entertainer Donny Osmond, 64, has opened up about his time on Dancing with the Stars a candid new interview. The Osmonds vocalist explained that his unimpressed wife Debbie, 63, would sometimes ask him to “sleep on the couch” following his performances.      Donny spoke about his wife’s reaction to his stint on the popular dancing show after admitting it was a tough gig. Thanks to the often sensual numbers the celebrities often have to act out with their attractive professional partners, it’s not difficult to understand why it might rub their partners up the wrong way. Interviewing him about his time on the show, broadcaster Kevin Pollack jokingly asked Donny: “When you came home, did your wife say, ‘Alright, we’re going out dancing’? Laughing, Donny swiftly replied: “No, she saw some of the dances and said, 'you’re sleeping on the couch'." READ MORE: Gary Lineker speaks out as Jamie Vardy blasts Wayne Rooney's evidence    Dancing with the Stars is a celeb-packed competition that broadcasts on ABC in the USA. It is also the American equivalent to the UK’s Strictly Come Dancing. “The hardest thing I ever did was Dancing with the Stars,” Donny admitted to Kevin. “But I got the trophy, so who cares!” The former teenage heartthrob won Season Nine of the show in 2009 alongside professional partner Kym Johnson, 45.      “I wanted to win,” Donny continued, before adding: “Kym Johnson my partner: such a sweet lady, but don’t give her a whip! “In rehearsal hall…Oh my goodness. But thanks to her we won, because she just pushed me hard.” During the interview, the pop sensation went on to confirm that his time on the competition was the most dancing he’d “ever done”. The star’s experience on the show certainly wasn’t all positive, as he revealed he was forced to compete with multiple health issues at the time.      “I won with a cracked rib, a broken toe and a neck injury from a previous accident,” he shared. “And I was at the bottom of the leaderboard [at first] but then it was just like: ‘Boom, boom, boom’ and then I finally won the thing!” he told Kevin during his backstage interview with BroadwayWorld. The star completed the interview ahead of his brand-new Las Vegas show, DONNY. Donny rose to fame with his four older brothers in the musical group The Osmonds, earning several top ten hits and gold albums.     However, his immense popularity among young women meant he had to keep his romance with now-wife Debbie under wraps for a number of years. The pair have lived happily as man and wife for over four decades, after tying the knot in 1978. Listen to Donny speak to BroadwayWorld here.   