The United States Geological Survey (USGS) indicates that a strong shake was felt at the epicentre of the quake. The Bureau of Meteorology reported the shake near Macquarie Island, Southern Ocean at 8.49pm local time on Thursday.  The USGS originally registered the quake as having a magnitude of 7.3, but later revised this figure to 6.7. It reportedly struck at a depth of 29.3km (18.21 miles). The Joint Australian Tsunami Warning Centre initially put Australia on tsunami alert. According to the International Tsunami Information Centre, a "tsunami warning is issued when a tsunami with the potential to generate widespread inundation is imminent, expected, or occurring. Warnings alert the public that dangerous coastal flooding accompanied by powerful currents is possible and may continue for several hours after initial arrival". They later released an update confirming there was no risk of a tsunami.  Macquarie Island lies about halfway between New Zealand and Antarctica and has been a part of Tasmania, Australia, since 1900. Nearby locations to the island that could be affected by the quake include areas in Southland and Otago in New Zealand. But the USGS website indicates that there is a low likelihood of casualties and economic damage from the earthquake. Macquarie Island has been classed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1997. READ MORE: Archaeologists stunned on finding 'totally new species' of human The island experiences a large amount of seismic activity as it lies on the boundary between the Australian plate and the Pacific plate. Back in 1989, an earthquake with a magnitude of 8.2 struck the island in what is considered the biggest intra-oceanic earthquake of the 20th century. In 2004, the Tasman Sea earthquake, also known as the 2004 Macquarie Island earthquake, a huge 8.1 magnitude quake struck a remote area of the southern Tasman Sea. The epicentre was around 360km northwest of the Auckland Islands of New Zealand. DON'T MISS Energy crisis: Europe is sitting on enough gas reserves to replace ... [INSIGHT] Sweden can deploy 'more than 1,000' fighter planes to help Ukraine [REVEAL] ‘Can't explain!’ Shock as Pentagon tells congress of 400 UFO sightings [REPORT] But shaking could reportedly be felt as far away as Tasmania and the South Island, where it was said to be strong enough to wake people up from their sleep. The event also triggered a small tsunami, which reached a height of 0.30m (0.98 ft) in Jackson Bay, New Zealand, 0.15 m (0.49 ft) in Spring Bay, Tasmania, and 0.10 m (0.33 ft) in Port Kembla, in New South Wales in Australia. But this reportedly did not cause any damage. Last year, a powerful 5.9 earthquake struck Melbourne, causing rubble to fall from buildings and sparking power cuts across the city. 