Johnny Depp was “obsessively jealous” and would kick, punch and choke ex-wife Amber Heard as well as forcing himself on her sexually, Amber’s psychologist has told the court. Dr Dawn Hughes, a clinical and forensic psychologist and expert in interpersonal violence, abuse, and traumatic stress, testified that Amber was at a “lethal” risk of domestic violence. Dr Hughes, who was called as the first defence witness in Johnny’s defamation trial against Amber, told the court: “Mr Depp threatened to kill her. “The increase in severity of the abuse, the forced sexual activity, the choking behaviour, his obsessive jealousy. “The control aspect and his threatening suicide, to kill himself. “This means a woman is at risk for more serious, more lethal domestic violence." Dr Hughes testified Amber told her Johnny had thrown her on the bed, forcibly tried to have sex with her, and threatened to kill her. “There were a number of physically violent behaviours that Miss Heard recorded and Mr Depp perpetuated,” said Dr Hughes. “He pushed her, he shoved her, he slapped her with the front of his hand and the back of his hand. “He choked her, he slammed her into the wall, he pushed her and she fell down, he kicked her in the back. “She reported bruising, pain, some cuts. She reported vaginal pain from some of the sexual assaults, she reported that she did have some cuts and scratches on her from broken glass. “She reported that she believed she may have lost consciousness two times, once in the Australia incident and once in the December 15th 2015 incident.” Dr Hughes also described “significant coercive control” when it came to Amber’s career, with Johnny dictating who she worked with and banning her from nude scenes. “He criticised her ambition, he’d rather she not work. It made her very fearful to look at scripts or talk about scripts,” Dr Hughes told the court. The psychologist added that Johnny would call up Amber’s co-stars and warn them he “had eyes” on them, and Amber feared he would show up on set. “While drunk and high, he threw Amber on to a bed, ripped off her clothes and tried to have sex with her, and tried to force her to give him oral sex at another time,” Dr Hughes told the court. Dr Hughes added that on two occasions, Johnny tried to force his fingers into Amber’s vagina, and choked her and penetrated her with a vodka bottle, leaving her to hope that it “wasn’t the broken one”. Johnny told Amber he hated her and was going to kill her, Dr Hughes testified, and Amber’s life was in danger. The psychologist also claimed Amber had reported Johnny controlled what she wore, and would force her to change clothes if she was wearing something he deemed too revealing. Johnny, who denies any allegations of abuse, is suing her for defamation over this article, claiming he was the implied abuser and that it destroyed his career. Amber’s lawyers made a bid to have the case dismissed earlier today, but Judge Penney Azcarate denied the motion, striking two but keeping one under advisement. On Wednesday, Amber is expected to take to the stand to give her version of events. The trial continues.