Ukraine World reports that Petro Andriushchenko, an adviser to the mayor of Mariupol, said the Russian occupiers have begun questioning youngsters held in "filtration" camps. It comes amid claims that Russia is two weeks or more behind schedule in its offensive in Ukraine's Donbas region. Tom Tugendhat, who chairs the Commons' Foreign Affairs Committee, said on Friday that members should consider expanding its inquiry into hostage taking to consider reports that Ukrainians have been transported to Russia via filtration camps. In April, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss condemned the "abduction and deportation" of Ukrainians from the besieged city of Mariupol. A Ukrainian MP claimed at the time that her countrymen and women were being forced to relocate to "distant parts of Russia" to work in conditions akin to slave labour. The Foreign Secretary said she was "appalled" by the reports and vowed for Russian president Vladimir Putin to be "held to account" for his treatment of civilians.  Ukrainian MP Inna Sovsun told Times Radio that, according to information shared by the port's mayor, citizens were effectively being "relocated" by Moscow. She said: "From what we know from the city mayor and the city council, is they are taking Ukrainian citizens. "They are sending them through what are called the 'filtration camps' and then they are being relocated to very distant parts of Russia, where they are being forced to sign papers [saying] that they will stay in that area for two or three years and they will work for free in those areas." Kyiv accused Russia on Friday of forcibly deporting more than 210,000 children since its invasion.  READ MORE ABOUT THE QUEEN ENJOYING THE ROYAL WINDSOR HORSE SHOW Ukraine said they were among 1.2 million Ukrainians transferred against their will. The Kremlin claims people have gone to Russia to flee the fighting. Video from Ukraine's military showed on Friday that the country's forces destroyed parts of a Russian armoured column as it tried to cross a river in the Donbas region. The Ministry of Defence said Russia was investing significant military effort near Severodonetsk and Izium and was trying to break through towards Sloviansk and Kramatorsk to complete their takeover of Ukraine's industrial Donbas region. Journalist Jack Detsch, citing a senior US defence official, tweeted on Friday that Russia is "still two weeks or more behind schedule" in the war in the Donbas.  DON'T MISS: Housing estate told not to drink tap water until further notice [REVEALED] Maddie Thomas found at address in Bristol - Three men arrested [LATEST] Meghan Markle savaged after grandstanding over working mothers [REPORT] Ukrainian troops have driven Russian soldiers away from the second-largest city of Kharkiv in the fastest advance since Kremlin forces pulled away from Kyiv and the northeast over a month ago. Moscow is still, however, bombarding villages north of Kharkiv. Meanwhile, Russian forces intensified their bombardment of the Azovstal steelworks, which is the last bastion of Ukrainian defenders in a city almost completely controlled by Russia after a siege lasting more than two months.  Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk told 1+1 television negotiations were underway for the evacuation of wounded troops. Ukraine also said on Friday that its forces had damaged a Russian navy logistics ship near Snake Island, an outpost that Ukrainian military intelligence said allows control of civilian shipping. Satellite imagery from US-based company Maxar showed the aftermath of what it said were probable missile attacks on a Russian landing craft near the island, which became famous for its Ukrainian defenders' expletive-filled defiance early in the war.  In Germany, foreign ministers from the G7 group of rich countries met to discuss a planned EU embargo on Russian oil. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba told the meeting he hoped Hungary would agree to the block and asked the G7 to hand over Russian assets to help Ukraine rebuild. He told reporters: "We are talking about hundreds of billions of dollars. Russia must pay." 