Chris Kamara, 64, made headlines last week when he stepped down from his role at Sky Sports after 24 years, due to his diagnosis with a speech disorder. He also offered to quit his new job on ITV’s The Games, but was persuaded to stay - and says he is now “on the mend”. The pundit, also known as Kammy, developed apraxia of speech alongside an existing thyroid problem, with concerned fans noticing he appeared to slur his speech on a recent show. He tweeted to announce his health issues, and one month later announced he was stepping down from Sky Sports. And now, the beloved TV star has explained he even offered to drop out of his new role commentating on ITV’s The Games, which begins next week. “I did offer to quit, which would have been good news, but ITV wouldn't have it in any way shape or form, they said, 'You're staying, you're part of the team,' and I'd like to thank them for that,” he said. “They bought in Simon Brotherton to work alongside me in the commentary box - Simon and I know each other, we did 5 Live back in 1998 together when I first started broadcasting.” He added at the show’s launch: “I am on the mend, which is the great thing.” Chris has been inundated with support since he publicly announced his diagnosis, and he added that he expects to be “back to his old self” in two weeks. “So many people came forward when I said I was struggling and they said, 'You can get better,' and I've had professors, people getting involved with me, and I am on the mend,” he said. “Hopefully in two weeks' time I'll be even better and back to my old self. “I am in an oxygen tube weekly, I have micro currents going through my body, I am trying absolutely everything to get it sorted and thankfully it is working.” Former England cricket captain, Freddie Flintoff, who will host the show alongside Holly Willoughby, revealed he was delighted to have Chris back on board. Freddie added that he took on Chris’ role on Ninja Warrior in Australia for “three or four series”, and he “ripped off” the sports pundit. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] “He helped me so much without even knowing it,” added the cricketing legend. Soccer Saturday host Jeff Stelling announced Chris’ sad news last month, saying on the show: "Some big news concerning this show and Sky Sports... and no I've not changed my mind [on retiring] again!" "After 24 brilliant years at Sky Sports including many years as a star of this show, Chris Kamara is leaving the show at the end of the season. He leaves with the very best wishes of course of everybody here." In a statement, Chris said: "My long career at Sky Sports has never felt like work. I've spent 24 terrific years at Sky, and leave with the best of memories. “My time on Soccer AM, Goals on Sunday and, of course, on Soccer Saturday with Jeff has been - to coin a phrase - unbelievable. “I've had the time of my life, and look forward to tuning in every Saturday as a fan." He then added on Twitter: "After 24years at Sky Sports we have announced my departure. I have loved every minute and the memories will live with me forever. “Working with Jeff & the boys has been Unbelievable! And the special days on Goals on Sunday with Ben Shephard who has become a great pal. I've had a blast!"