Boy George, 60, appears on ‘Sunday Brunch’ on Channel 4 this morning to talk about his gig at Kenwood House next month. The Culture Club frontman, known for hits like ‘Karma Chameleon’, will team up with his bandmates for the special concert on Hampstead Heath in London. Also performing are fellow Eighties hitmakers, Bananarama, Lulu, and legendary guest DJ, Fat Tony. On ‘Sunday Brunch’ this morning, regular hosts Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy also welcome Sara Cox to the studio to chat about her new novel. Kiell Smith-Bynoe also discusses his new sketch show, ‘Red Flag’, while Leah Brotherhead talks about new comedy ‘Hullraisers’ and there is music from Belle and Sebastian. As well as his music, George has become known for his outspoken views on politics and other subjects in recent years. One such occasion came in March last year as he let rip at the interview Meghan Markle and Prince Harry did with Oprah Winfrey for CBS and ITV. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex sat down with the US chat show host to open up about their decision to step back from their royal roles, but George claimed that Oprah could have pushed them further in their answers. JUST IN: Crunch time for Harry & Meghan as $100 million Netflix deal 'hinges on Heart of Invictus' One of Meghan’s claims to Oprah was that a member of the Royal Family had spoken with Harry about what colour the skin of their son Archie would be when he was born. Meghan, who is mixed race, claimed there were “concerns and conversations about how dark his skin might be when he’s born”. George reacted to Oprah’s tweet publicising the interview before it was released in full, writing to his 482,000 followers that she should have questioned Meghan’s allegation further. He said: “Sadly, Meghan wasn't prepared to tell us who made these alleged comments about Archie's skin colour? “I believe she has a responsibility to tell us. “Shame on Oprah for not pushing it more. It’s a HUGE accusation!” However, in the replies, fellow Twitter users jumped to Meghan’s defence, reminding George that it was Harry to whom the remarks about Archie’s skin colour were made and not Meghan. One wrote: “Why do you think she has that responsibility?” Another added: “Why would that be HER responsibility when Harry said it was said to HIM? “Maybe she was respecting Harry's right to relay who said it?” DON'T MISS: 'Where was your support?' Kate criticised over silence on Meghan [LATEST]Queen’s secret excursion out of Palace to join VE Day celebrations ‒ 'Nobody noticed!' [INSIGHT]Queen once recalled one of 'most memorable moments' of her life: 'Tides of happiness' [ANALYSIS] George also said Oprah could have asked more questions about Meghan’s family. He wrote: “Not a single question about Meghan's family? “Is there a part two or is there only financial mileage in dissing our Royal Family?” George also claimed he did not have anything against Meghan or the Royal Family. In another tweet, he said: “I will watch it tonight for sure. I'm not a royalist. “I'm not anti-royal or anti-Meghan. The comparisons to Princess Diana are pretty lame. “She walked in blind. Meghan was a Hollywood actress.” ‘Sunday Brunch’ airs on Channel 4 today from 9:30am.