Indeed, prior to Putin's vicious onslaught, few of us knew just how important plucky Ukraine was as a mass exporter of essential foodstuffs - including sunflower oil and wheat - and quite how much the previously safe supplies would be affected by the war. Adding to the stresses of the cost-of-living crisis - with soaring energy bills and skyhigh inflation - Bank of England Governor Andrew Bailey has issued a stark warning about food, calling price hikes and supply chain difficulties potentially "apocalyptic", directly blaming the conflict in Ukraine. Quite apart from the rise in prices in the UK being already apparent in stores, Mr Bailey warned that the crisis will have a huge effect on the eternal struggle to feed the world's poor. This all means that Putin's defeat and retreat must take the highest global priority. The tyrant's appalling, unjust and bloody war is affecting the fragile post-pandemic recovery, and may impact the developing world, causing hunger and famine. The removal of this despot is now a matter of global humanitarian emergency. It cannot come too soon. ----------- Like many age-related conditions, cataracts of the eye have been growing in numbers. The operation is normally routine and successful, but in the UK the number of trained doctors is low, creating a clogged pipeline and an NHS waiting list of patients desperate for surgery. Which is why it is so welcome that a new non-surgical solution is on its way. Research from Cambridge's Anglia Ruskin University shows it will likely soon be possible to restore the lens and reduce clouding with drugs. This British success would not only make a difference here, but in poorer countries, where cataracts often lead to blindness. The new treatment may not be a magic bullet for all cataracts and will take a while to develop. But when this innovation hits the market, the world will see more clearly. That's surely something worth focussing on. ---------- Perhaps it's telling us something many of us already knew, but a poll has found the over-50s are the most content and relaxed age group of all. The survey showed a hassle-free mix of families, relationships - and being debt free - are key to a satisfied life. It's well deserved. Older citizens have lived their lives, worked hard, paid their dues and earned a break from life's stresses. But spare a thought for our children, toiling to pay rents and mortgages - and reassure them that a chilled dotage awaits.