This will be Prince William’s first time attending the State Opening of Parliament. The State Opening of Parliament speech is believed to be the only constitutional duty the Queen is passing on to the Counsellor of States, as she's expected to continue with the rest of her other scheduled engagements at Windsor Castle this week. This cancellation follows a number of missed events at Easter, including the Maundy Service, as well as an announcement that she would not be hosting royal garden parties this year. Late Prince Philip's thanksgiving service has been the only public event outside of her royal residences that she's attended so far this year. Episodic mobility problems, which means occasional or irregular moving problems, are not uncommon for those of the Queen's age. Since autumn last year, the Queen has been receiving medical advice to take more rest following long stretches of intense activity. But after catching Covid in February, advice to keep appearances to a minimum has increased, and most of the Queen's royal duties have been carried out virtually ever since. The State Opening of Parliament marks the beginning of the parliamentary year. Due to take place on May 10, 2022, this will mark the start of the 2022-23 session of parliament. DON'T MISS: Queen health update: What are episodic mobility problems? [EXPLAINED]Queen hails ‘courage’ of channel islanders after Nazi liberation [INSIGHT]When is Parliament back? How Queen's speech could spell doom for Boris [ANALYSIS]   The event usually begins with the Queen's procession, escorted by the Household Cavalry, from Buckingham Palace to Westminster. After arriving at the sovereign's entrance and proceeding to the Robing Room, the Queen will take the throne in the House of Lords wearing the Imperial State Crown and the Robe of State. The Queen then delivers her speech, which sets out the agenda of the Government and the new laws and policies it intends to introduce. Although the Queen reads it, the speech is written by the Government.  The Queen has only missed reading the speech at the State Opening of Parliament twice during her 70-year reign. This took place once in 1959 and again in 1963 due to pregnancies. The speech was delivered by the Lord Chancellor on these occasions, but as mentioned, Prince Charles will be stepping in for the Queen instead this year. In recent years, the ceremony has seen a few adaptations, such as the Queen not wearing the heavy Imperial State Crown or Robe, however, this will be the first time in 59 years she will not have attended. 