Emma Raducanu raced into the last 16 of the Madrid Masters with a devastating win over fellow teenager Marta Kostyuk on Saturday evening. And her route deep into the tournament has been eased by the defeat of No.7 seed and local favourite Garbine Muguruza.  The former Wimbledon champion yesterday lost to Anhelina Kalinina and the US Open winner will now face the world No.37 from Ukraine on Tuesday. Fellow Ukrainian Kostyuk has spoken about her problems focusing on her tennis with war raging in her homeland. And despite the attempts of the Spanish crowd, she never looked likely to repeat her 57-minute over Raducanu at the Transylvania Open last October when the British No.1 was struggling with illness. Raducanu gained revenge by winning 6-2 6-1 in the Arantxa Sanchez Stadium - the No.1 Court - at the Caja Magica. MUST READ Tennis star Ksenia Palkina hit with 16-YEAR ban after match-fixing scandal   The No.9 seed was clearly motivated to beat her fellow 19-year-old and unleashed fist pumps and cries of “C’mon” repeatedly during the anti-climactic match which lasted only 64 minutes. She dropped her racket to the court in celebration at the end. Raducanu broke Kostyuk in the first game and had a double break point for a 3-0 lead in her quick-fire start. She made a second break to lead 5-2 and then closed out the opening set in 32 minutes. World No.60 Kostyuk then took a toilet break but the course of the encounter did not change. Raducanu made two more breaks to lead 4-0 before the Ukrainian was able to hold her serve. DON'T MISS Rafael Nadal 'disabled' by rib injury as star makes honest admission before Madrid Open Kremlin fire back at Wimbledon with 'proposal to ban all bar six nations' from tournament Emma Raducanu's Ukrainian opponent ends friendship with Russian players - 'I don't get it'   And the British No.1 took her third match point - following a Kostyuk double fault - when the Ukrainian sent a wild forehand long. It was a superb performance from the Bromley teenager who only played her first professional match on clay last month. She has now won five matches at the Billie Jean King Cup, in Stuttgart and now two matches here. Raducanu, 19, recalled after her first round win over Tereza Martincova that she was taking her final maths A level paper exactly a year ago - and now the world No.11 is set to break into the world’s top 10. Working with Iain Bates and Louis Cayer from the LTA here, she is adding variety such as drop shots to her hardcourt game which took her to the title in New York. 