The Sopranos and Law & Order star Bruce MacVittie has died aged 65. His wife Carol Ochs told the New York Times he had died in hospital from an unknown cause. His former colleagues have already begun to pay tribute. Law & Order franchise producer Warren Leight tweeted: “We’ve worked together often. He was a beautiful, honest actor and man. The real deal.” Actor Evan Handler added: "I met Bruce MacVittie more than forty years ago. “We worked and played together repeatedly, as actors, and as friends, throughout the ensuing decades," he added, before noting how Bruce cared for him and other friends during periods of ill health. In a thread about the things that overshadowed Bruce's "illustrious" career, Evan noted: "the hrs he spent at my bedside throughout my life-threatening illness in '85-'89, the months he spent caring for ill & dying friends throughout '21, & the unflinching presence he granted anyone in need, no matter how dire or terrifying their circumstances." The actor began his career on Broadway, starring in the 1983 production American Buffalo opposite Al Pacino. He went on to take the show on a national tour and to London’s West End. In an interview, Al once said of him: “I loved Bruce MacVittie. “His performances were always glistening and crackling; a heart and a joy to watch. “He was the embodiment of the struggling actor in New York City, and he made it work. We will miss him.” Bruce continued to perform on stage for more than 40 years, as well as starring in more than 75 TV and film appearances. This included stints in the various Law & Order franchises, in The Sopranos, Sex and the City, and Homicide. DON'T MISS...'Sleeps on piles of gold!' The Chase stars mock Bradley Walsh's salary [TWITTER] Amanda Holden, 51, flashes incredibly toned pins in leggy display' [PICTURES]Don't marry a bimbo!' Deborah James' warning to husband after death [WARNING] However, Bruce quit acting and decided to retrain as a nurse. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Hunter College in Manhattan in 2013. But in his final years, he made a return to acting. He starred in Netflix’s The Way They See Us in 2019, but still used his nursing skills when his friends needed it. Nomadland actress Frances McDormand, a longtime friend of Bruce’s, said of him: “Bruce had a pride about where he’d come from that he carried with him and was even cocky about. “It was very charismatic.” As well as wife Carol, he is survived by daughter Sophia Oliva Ochs. He lived in Manhattan at the time of his death.