Mohamed Salah could be set for a new challenge abroad as Liverpool mull over the possibility of cashing in on their star man. And with no guarantees over his long-term Anfield future, the Egyptian ace is seemingly 'tempted' over the possibility of making a mega-money switch to Spain or Paris. The 29-year-old has been in remarkable form for Jurgen Klopp's side this season, plundering 30 goals in 45 games as the Reds chase an unprecedented quadruple. But even following up on February's Carabao Cup triumph with another treble of trophies may not be enough to prevent Salah from departing Merseyside in the summer. According to a new report from The Telegraph, Salah 'has not given any indication' that he wants to extend his stay at Liverpool. The attacker's current contract is set to expire in 2023 - meaning the Reds could lose their talisman for nothing next summer if he doesn't pen a new deal. The report goes on to outline that Salah 'appears to at least be tempted' to move overseas for a fresh challenge, with Spain and Paris mooted as two potential destinations for the ex-Roma man if he does decide to seek pastures new. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo told he deserves 'no blame' for leaving Man Utd If Salah doesn't commit his future to the club, then Liverpool could still move to sell their prized asset rather than lose him for nothing 12 months later. But it remains to be seen if the Reds would be open to cashing in on a player who they depend upon more than any other. Salah - who was recently crowned as the mens footballer of the year by the Football Writer's Association - is likely to attract some high-profile suitors if he does indicate that he's receptive to a new challenge in the coming months. The likes of Barcelona and Real Madrid have both been credited with an interest in Salah previously, while it's unlikely that Paris Saint-Germain's current star-studded attacking arsenal would deter them from pursuing a move for the Premier League's most consistent star. News of an extended contract for Klopp last week had sparked hope amongst Liverpool fans that Salah would follow suit in committing his future to the club. However, it now looks as though the uncertainty over his future is set to rumble on. Salah refused to comment publicly on speculation over his future in an interview with Sky Sports earlier this month. He said: “Honestly, what can I say? There are many things people don't know about. I can't be selfish now and talk about my situation. “We are in the most important period for the team so I have to just talk about the team, focus on what's coming and that's the most important thing. That's all I can say. Hopefully, we can be optimistic and see what's going to happen.”