Piers Morgan, 57, shared his anger at the chaotic scenes outside Stade de France this evening. Liverpool’s Champions League final game against Real Madrid was delayed by 30 minutes due to “security reasons” and “fans arriving to the stadium late”, UEFA told the crowd. Madness unfolded as videos shared to social media showed some fans appearing to storm and climb over the stadium’s gates.In a bid to control the situation, the police were reportedly seen tear gassing and pepper-spraying the people outside.While the events were ongoing, Piers said in view of his 7.9 million followers: “What the hell is going on in Paris?  “Looks like very dangerous chaos outside the ground, kick-off delayed 30 minutes, 1000s of people not yet inside the stadium. READ MORE:Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog “How can this be happening in a Champions League final?  “Shameful failure of organisation.”He then shared a video from journalist Mark Ogden which showed fans trying to shield themselves from the tear gas.Piers captioned the clip: “Disgusting. “French police have lost the plot.”Former BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker, 45, also chimed in.He tweeted: “So many Liverpool fans seem to have been waiting for hours to get into the stadium. DON'T MISSJames Martin issues apology after tears for 'father figure' on TV[LATEST]Monty Don details difficult time after he and wife 'lost everything'[INSIGHT]Helen Mirren, 76, unrecognisable in heavy makeup and hair extensions[PICTURES] "UEFA are blaming supporters for turning up late #ChampionsLeagueFinal.”Later on, Dan took the opportunity to make a jibe at referee Peter Walton’s expense.He quipped: “Idea for next #ChampionsLeagueFinal … Peter Walton to do the pre-match entertainment and Camila Cabello to do the VAR checks.”Camila Cabello performed some of her biggest hits for the crowd before the game eventually kicked off at 8.36pm. However, the trouble wasn’t over for some fans as they were still trying to get into the stadium as the game neared half-time.One Liverpool fan told Sky News: “Basically we've been stuck here for a couple of hours trying to get into the stadium.“We were delayed probably 500 metres from the stadium.“We were blocked passage because there were loads of vehicles and now we’re being tear gassed.“There’s no reason why we’re being tear gassed and no reason for the delay.”