During spring and summer is when ants become more active and begin to look for a new area to grow their colony. This means households may see ants entering their home as they search for food and warmth. The most common ant in the UK is the black ant which Britons may find in their property and garden. Inspired by the cleaning sensation, fans of Mrs Hinch have created their own dedicated social media pages dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and tricks, one of which includes how to get rid of black ants in homes. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to get rid of black ants from her kitchen. Sharon Faxton wrote: “Any tips to get rid of black ants from the kitchen, thanks.” There are more than 50 species of ant found in the UK and they tend to stay deep underground in the winter months. When it gets warmer, ants emerge from their nests and move outside in search of food, water and heat. A home has all of these things, so Britons will probably be noticing more and more ants in their home over the coming weeks. READ MORE: Garden pests: How to ‘effectively’ get rid of ants ‘within a week’ Fortunately, Mrs Hinch fans have taken to the comments to share their “easy” hack for getting rid of ants. The most commonly suggested solution was to use talcum powder to deter these pests. Jane Simmons said: “Talcum powder. I used it when I was invaded and it worked great. “It’s so easy to do, I put it out near the points of entry around May time for a few years and now I don’t have to. Best discovery I made.” DON'T MISS: ‘Excellent method’ for killing specific weeds with kitchen staple [EXPERT]Energy bills: How to avoid energy saving hacks that ‘cost you more’ [TIPS]Laundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [COMMENT] Ellie Relton commented: “Any old talcum powder can be used, it’s great and kills them all for good every time, and it’s not expensive.” Abby Gibbs suggested: “I sprinkle talcum powder around the back door and it works.” Jullie Simmonds said: “Please try talcum powder first.  Keep dosing where they walk and renew the powder if it gets wet.” Dave Burnett said: “As daft as it sounds... talcum powder.” Janet Martin agreed: “Ants don't like chalk so try sprinkling talcum powder.” Nola Fletcher wrote: “Talcum powder works really well.” Terry Williams added: “To prevent them coming in every year I would sprinkle talcum powers along doorsteps and window sills. Since then I never get an indoor ant problem.” Talcum powder can be purchased from Tesco for £1.25 and at Sainsbury’s for £1.50. This powder can be sprinkled around entry points of the home and ants won’t cross through it. Plus, talcum powder is safe for pets and kids too. The talcum powder works by breaking the ants’ pheromone trail. The powder gets absorbed through their skin and clogs up their airways, killing them off for good.