Guidance from the UKHSA (United Kingdom Health Security Agency) says those infected with symptoms should not have sex. The guidance was issued as an additional 71 cases were detected in England alone. So far, a total of 179 cases of monkeypox have been detected in the UK since the 7th May. Most of the cases have been detected in England, with only a handful detected in Northern Ireland, Scotland, and Wales. READ MORE: Type 2 diabetes: The 52p spice shown to lower blood sugar by 35% Although a concern for many given the UK’s recent battle with COVID-19, the UKHSA has said the risk to the public “remains low” as the virus does not spread easily. It is not believed the virus will lead to the return of restrictions akin to those seen in recent years. Symptoms of monkeypox include:• A rash• High temperature• Muscle aches• Backache• Swollen glands• Shivering• Exhaustion.  Symptoms of monkeypox normally appear one to five days after initial infection and clear after a few weeks. Patients with the conditions are advised to self-isolate for three weeks and avoid contact with any household pets. Monkeypox is spread through close contact with another individual through large droplets and contact with the sheets or clothing of an infected person. The UKHSA has encouraged newly intimate couples to be cautious and wary of symptoms. Meanwhile, Dr Rosamund Lewis of the WHO (World Health Organisation) has said she is “not concerned about a global pandemic for monkeypox”. Dr Lewis added: “We are concerned individuals may acquire this infection through high-risk exposure if they don’t have the information they need to protect themselves.” It is important also to note monkeypox is highly unlikely to result in a return to restrictions akin to those observed during the COVID-19 lockdown. Furthermore, there is already a way for the public to be protected against monkeypox through the administration of the smallpox vaccine. Although smallpox has been eradicated, the vaccine used to suppress it is effective against monkeypox. As a result, countries have been buying up large doses of the vaccine to administer in emergency circumstances.