MP Yuri Shvytkin has declared that "if necessary", Vladimir Putin could destroy the entire UK in a couple of minutes with a single Russian Sarmat nuclear weapon. The sinister boast came as the Russian politician was pressed to comment during an interview on the growing tensions between the UK and Russia amid the war in Ukraine. Mr Shvytkin also argued that the expansion of NATO to possibly include Finland and Sweden was a step closer to a "nuclear disaster." Mr Shvytkin told Al-Jazeera: "I need to point out if we have to, if a nuclear strike is carried out against the UK... "Only if we have to I stress, under no circumstances are we striving to do it and we are doing everything that we can so that it doesn't happen. "But a single Sarmat missile will destroy the whole of the UK in two minutes. "Is that what they need? Let them answer that question themselves. "Do the British people need that?" He added: "I want to stress again, we are doing everything we can so that it doesn't happen. "But to our great regret, the possible accession of Finland and Sweden to NATO, the fact that the NATO bloc is getting closer to our borders could ultimately just move us one step closer to nuclear disaster." It comes after Finland applied together with Sweden on Wednesday to join the NATO military alliance, although that is facing resistance from NATO member Turkey.  Ukraine meanwhile as ruled out a ceasefire or any territorial concessions to Moscow as Russia stepped up its attack in the country's east and south, pounding the Donbas and Mykolaiv regions with airstrikes and artillery fire. Kyiv's stance has become increasingly uncompromising in recent weeks as Russia experienced military setbacks while Ukrainian officials grew worried they might be pressured to sacrifice land for a peace deal. "The war must end with the complete restoration of Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty," Ukraine's presidential chief of staff Andriy Yermak said in a Twitter post on Sunday. Polish President Andrzej Duda offered Warsaw's backing, telling lawmakers in Kyiv on Sunday that the international community had to demand Russia's complete withdrawal and that sacrificing any of it would be a "huge blow" to the entire West. Don't miss:British pride in royal family as they host Ukraine's refugees [COMMENT]Russia's doomsday weapons: Putin testing deadly 'flying Chernobyl' ... [REPORT]Ukraine LIVE: MoD pinpoints key flaw in Putin's 'degraded' attack plan [INSIGHT] Worrying voices have appeared, saying that Ukraine should give in to Putin's demands," Duda said, the first foreign leader to address the Ukrainian parliament in person since Russia's February 24 invasion. "Only Ukraine has the right to decide about its future," he said. Speaking to the same parliamentary session, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky renewed a plea for stronger economic sanctions against Moscow. "Half-measures should not be used when aggression should be stopped," he said.