Archie turns three today and is expected to celebrate this milestone at the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's home in California. If confirmed, this would be the third birthday the tot is marking in the States and far from the Queen and other members of the Royal Family. While this could be saddening for Her Majesty, Prince Harry made it clear during an interview in April he is working to make an in-person meeting between his grandmother and his children happen soon. Speaking from The Hague with Hoda Kotb, host of NBC's Today, the Duke of Sussex said he was not yet sure whether he would attend the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in person next month due to "security issues and everything else". However, he added: "So, this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that I can get my kids to meet her'." Moreover, Her Majesty is known to have remained in touch with her eight great-grandson even after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex officially stepped down as working royals at the end of March 2020 and moved to the States. Prince Harry first revealed to be having video calls with the Queen in February last year as he appeared on the Late Late Show with James Corden. Referring to both his grandparents, he said: "We've Zoomed them a few times. They've seen Archie running around." The great-grandmother also sent across the pond a waffle maker as a Christmas present after being told Archie wanted one. Speaking with Oprah Winfrey a few weeks later, both Meghan and Harry said again they held video calls with the sovereign and Prince Philip "so they can see Archie". READ MORE: Queen will miss more key royal events as health concerns soar The Queen last had the chance to see Archie in person in November 2019, when the boy flew with Meghan and Harry to Canada for the Sussexes' announced six-week break from royal duties. The Duke and Duchess returned to the UK twice in early 2020, first in January when they announced their intention to step back as full-time working royals and later in March to complete their last engagements before bowing out of the Firm. However, Archie did not follow them and has yet to return from America. Meghan and Harry publicly celebrated the tot's first birthday by releasing a video filmed for the Save The Children's initiative Save With Stories. In the sweet clip, filmed by a giggling Prince Harry, Archie sat on his mother's lap and listened attentively as she read to him the children's book 'Duck! Rabbit!' Last year, the Duke and Duchess marked Archie's second birthday through their Archewell Foundation. On May 6, Meghan and Harry shared a call to action on their organisation's website asking anyone who could to make a small donation in Archie's name to support vaccine equity. The appeal turned out to be a success, as between individuals' contributions and the matched donations from a number of organisations more than $3million were raised to widen the distribution of the anti-Covid vaccine. Alongside the appeal, the website also published a touching picture of the boy taken in Meghan and Harry's garden. In the sepia-coloured snap, Archie could be seen from behind holding balloons and looking up to the sky. The Sussexes released another picture including the boy last December as their Christmas card. In the adorable snap, the Duke and Duchess are sitting down and look at their adorable daughter - Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, born in June - held up by Meghan. Archie, who has taken his ginger hair after his father, sits on Harry's lap, also smiling. In the summer of 2020, Prince Harry and Meghan relocated with Archie to their new home in the star-studded Santa Barbara neighbourhood of Montecito. During their groundbreaking interview with Ms Winfrey, Harry said that one of the things he cherishes the most in his new life is the freedom to go on bike rides with his boy. He said: "I guess, the highlight for me is sticking him on the back of the bicycle in his little baby seat and taking him on these bike rides, which is something I was never able to do when I was young. "I can see him on the back and he’s got his arms out and he’s like, ‘Whoo!’ chatting, chatting, chatting, going, ‘Palm tree! House!’ and all this sort of stuff".