The first thing to remember is that seed packets can contain either hundreds or just a handful of seeds. For the former, think about how big your border or container is and sow just enough, perhaps with an additional 10 percent in case of any casualties along the way. In other words, there’s no point sowing 100 seeds of a plant that’s going to grow to 30cm in width unless you have a very large border or lots of containers to fill. Remember also that perennials come back year after year, so there is no wastage like annuals or biennials which end up on the compost heap. So, if you want summer and autumn colour, scent and interest this year and in subsequent years sow perennial seeds from February to July. Many gardeners are put off growing perennials from seed fearing that they will take too long to grow but sowing perennials early in the year will result in flowers to be proud of. To get fuller-looking perennials in the first year fill a modular seed tray with peat-free multipurpose compost, water the compost before sowing the seeds and fill each module with three seeds. Allow each seed to grow and plant them out into their final positions as a clump. Being perennial plants, you can lift and divide them in the autumn or early spring to allow each plant to grow to maturity. Most perennial seeds germinate best when exposed to light, so only cover the seeds with a thin layer of sieved compost. DON'T MISSHow to teach your lawn to 'fend off weeds by itself' [EXPERT] The Chelsea Chop': How to do gardener's essential pruning method [INSIGHT] How to make a small garden look big: Clever furniture tricks [INSIGHT] For the majority of perennial seeds, however, you will need to leave the seeds uncovered (check the seed packets). Press them onto the surface to ensure good seed-to-soil contact. Cover the seed tray with cling film to retain moisture or put it into a mini-propagator. Ideally, you want to give the seed tray some bottom heat, either from a heat mat in a greenhouse or on an indoor windowsill above a radiator. Read the instructions on the seed packet, as some perennials may need a process called "stratification" which is placing the seed in potting compost in a plastic bag and putting it in the refrigerator for six weeks before sowing. Place the seed tray in bright direct light. As soon as the seedlings start emerging remove the cling film. Like any seed sowing, check your trays regularly. Ensure there are no signs of slugs or that "damping off" is not occurring to any of the seedlings. This is a disease caused by different fungus-like organisms resulting in young seedlings collapsing and dying. In three to five weeks the seeds will have germinated but don’t be surprised if some of the seedlings are slower growing than others. This is normal. When the seedlings are large enough, around 12cm in height, harden them off for 10 days to acclimatise them to outdoor temperatures, sunlight exposure and wind before planting outside from late May. Ensure they get enough water every day and where necessary pinch out the tops of the young plants to encourage strong and bushy growth. So, by growing your own perennials from seed you’ll have the advantage of them being economical. You'll be bringing colour and scent (where appropriate) to your borders, pots and containers in the first summer. Plus you can be happy in the knowledge that they will come back year after year and get better, stronger and more floriferous.