  Gemma Atkinson, 37, confessed she is yearning to see her fiancé Gorka Márquez, 31, in an emotional post today, as she took their toddler Mia on a walk without him. The Strictly Come Dancing star, who is currently away on tour, reacted tearfully to the sweet Instagram videos of their adorable family.      Gemma took to Instagram today to share a heartfelt post with her 1.7 million followers. On her story, she posted a video of herself and her two-year-old daughter Mia going for a countryside walk with their two dogs. As Mia toddled along ahead with the pups and called out to her mum, Gemma told her: “I’m coming!” “My little pack,” she added fondly before laughing to the camera. READ MORE: Roger Moore and his fourth wife Kristina's devastating tragedy     She captioned the video: “Just missing @Gorka_Marquez.” Gemma also included an adorable clip of Mia trying to say hello to her grandad and waving at the camera as she tucked into a plate of food. After sharing a few backstage snaps from his time on tour a few hours earlier, Gorka then shared his own emotional response to the videos with his 696,000 Instagram followers. He re-posted Gemma’s clips and was clearly impacted by them, as he responded with some heart emojis and a couple of holding back tears emojis.     Gorka, who was most recently snapped outside the New Theatre in Oxford, appeared to be hanging out with fellow Strictly stars Neil Jones and Dianne Buswell on his latest story. The star has been busy travelling around the country and will be performing in Strictly Come Dancing The Professionals tonight at the Royal Concert Hall in Nottingham. Gemma and Gorka met through Strictly back in 2017 when the soap star was competing alongside Aljaž Škorjanec, 32, who announced his exit from Strictly earlier this year. The Hits Radio presenter got engaged last year when the dancing pro got down on one knee for Valentine’s Day. READ MORE... Rebekah Vardy’s ex denies he ‘forced’ Peter Andre ‘chipolata' chat [UPDATE] Deborah James' ‘rapid decline’ as family have to carry her to toilet [UPDATE] Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home [NEWS]       Their daughter Mia was born the year before on July 4, 2019. Gemma is most famous for her soap roles, having played Lisa Hunter in Hollyoaks between 2001 and 2005, Tamzin Bayle in Casualty (2011-2014) and Carly Hope in Emmerdale (2015-2017). Now, the former glamour model presents the drive time slot across the Hits Radio Network with Mike Toolan. Gemma recently expressed her excitement after Hits Radio won the UK Station or Network of the Year award at the Audio and Radio Industry Awards 2022.     Gemma recently admitted to Vicky Pattison on The Secret To podcast how distance sometimes made things difficult with Gorka. “He is lovely but, without sounding awful, we don’t see each other all day every day and it has been like that from the start,” she admitted. “I think the longest that we have gone apart was about 16 weeks - that was during the Strictly lockdown.” Host Vicky then probed whether the couple find long-distance hard, to which Gemma replied: “For me, it went quick because I had Mia. But [Gorka] really struggled.”   