The Duke of Cambridge was pictured with his arm around the resident who was clearly moved by William's visit to Glasgow on Wednesday (May 11). Fans on social media said the image brought them close to tears with Twitter user TheDuchessSlant commenting: "Awww am trying not to cry. That's so lovely." Dagmar_marie77 referred to Diana, Princess of Wales, when she said of the couple: "The People’s Prince and The Children’s Princess. Always." Twitter user EmiliaA37440110 added: "The way that man hugs William with so much feeling as if he were his son or grandson is precious. "He like many people probably saw William grow up and is proud of the man he is today, and the king he will be in the future." Fellow Twitter user JenCarsonTaylor said: "The man's expression and embrace says it all." And Twitter user AngelaB58812159 added: "Orrrr. Prince William is soooo loved." The Cambridges' were on a visit to The Wheatley Group in Glasgow to hear about homelessness in Scotland. Kate and William saw first-hand how the housing association helps to transform the lives of vulnerable people and those at risk of homelessness. Known as the Earl and Countess of Strathearn in Scotland, Kate and William spoke to people using the group's services, including those who had been helped into work.  READ MORE ABOUT A UK RECESSION WARNING William and Kate also toured St John's Primary School in Port Glasgow. The couple heard about an innovative project where children interact with mothers and babies to learn about its development to boost their empathy. As the couple began the school close to the banks of the River Clyde in Inverclyde, the Duke joked: "Can you get my wife out of here before she gets broody?" By the end, the Duchess was holding 10-month-old baby Saul after a session with his mother, Laura Molloy.  DON'T MISS: Just Eat success uncovers 'greedy' takeaway owner's £350k tax fraud [REVEALED] POLL: Should government pay to replace ALL boilers with heat pumps? [POLL] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pick place to stay for UK return [LATEST] Laura has been bringing her son to school as part of the Roots of Empathy sessions run by Action for Children. The charity, which Kate supports as patron, runs the programme in 18 local authority areas in Scotland. It says the sessions, where pupils are guided in discussions about their own emotions, improves the behaviour of pupils, focussing on kindness and tackling bullying. The Cambridges' sat cross-legged on a floor as they joined a session, as Saul crawled on a mat. They sang nursery rhymes with the children and did the hand actions to Incy Wincy Spider. Kate asked the group of about 35 seven-year-olds: "Do you think lots of schools should have a project like this?" When some replied "Yes", she added "We do too." The Duchess later chatted to the mum and her baby, briefly holding Saul who will celebrate his first birthday in June. Crowds lined the street to watch as William and Kate walked to the next stage of their visit, stopping to chat and pose for selfies with royal fans. They then stepped into the home of mother-of-four Joanne Wales, 31, and sat on sofas in her sitting room as they asked about her experiences as a tenant. Her four-year-old son Jason showed the royal couple his Spider-Man and Hulk toys with Kate telling him: "Louis, our little boy, loves Spider-Man too." Miss Wales, who has been a single parent since her partner died nearly two years ago, said she enjoyed talking to the couple. The mother, whose children are aged between four and 12, said: "They were absolutely lovely and straight away they were talking to Jason about superheroes. "It was not as weird as I had thought it would be because they just put you at ease, they are so nice and welcoming, they just wanted to make sure that I was doing okay and that I look after myself because sometimes mums tend to put themselves on the back pedal."