The four-hour spectacle was about far more than marking the Führer’s birthday. It was meant to warn Western powers of Germany’s military strength, to leave it free to expand the Reich as it saw fit. It was meant to warn Western powers of Germany’s military strength, to leave it free to expand the Reich as it saw fit. Yesterday’s Victory Day parade in Moscow was not a birthday celebration – it commemorates the defeat of Germany in the Second World War. But the intention was exactly the same as in Berlin in 1939 – to warn the West of Russia’s military might. The invasion of Ukraine has, of course, had the opposite effect. Putin expected the fighting to be over in days. However, months on, it has become a nightmare for him, not least because it has exposed as something of a myth the might of the Russian military. But the parade certainly has reminded us what we are up against: a deluded fascist, who has no compunction about wiping out entire cities and their populations, let alone licensing his soldiers to rape and pillage. One could say we are now in our version of 1938 when Hitler took over the Sudetenland. Our response then was appeasement – the Munich Agreement. Hitler saw a weak West that would not stand in his way and invaded the rest of Czechoslovakia and then Poland in 1939. The imperative today is to avoid a modern version of 1939, with Putin believing that Ukraine can be just the start of his military adventures. Previous Western weakness, when Putin invaded Crimea in 2014 and over his support for Assad’s war crimes in Syria, sent a clear message we were indeed too supine to resist. He doubtless expected to face only hot air in response to his invasion in February. Western sanctions will have surprised him, but sanctions alone would never be enough to force Putin from Ukraine. The critical development has been the supply of weapons. It is admirable when the likes of Jill Biden and Bono visit Kyiv to show support, following others such as Boris Johnson and UN Secretary-General António Guterres. But it is not visits Ukraine needs: it is arms. In that respect, the UK and the US have started well. At the weekend it was reported that we will give another £1.3billion in aid and military support. The West’s role – its duty – must be to support Ukraine militarily and diplomatically until it decides what it wants. Ukraine militarily and diplomatically until it decides what it wants. Talk about an “off-ramp” for Putin to save face, in the jargon of some analysts, is a fundamental misunderstanding of the lessons of history. Putin is not some rational actor with whom we can or should negotiate. He is a fascist war criminal who needs to be defeated – or, if need be, stuck in a war he cannot win. If we help him walk away and force Ukraine to accept anything less than his defeat, we effectively say to him and others that aggression wins. It is an unspeakable tragedy that Europe is again at war. But it was our weakness in standing up to tyranny that brought us here. We must now stand firm.