Ian Wright prefers Liverpool to Manchester City because of the feeling he gets from watching Jurgen Klopp's side. The Arsenal legend says he does not get the same feeling in his stomach watching City that he gets during Liverpool matches. The Premier League title will be decided on the final day of the season on Sunday. City know victory will be enough to secure their fourth title in five seasons. However, any slip-up against Aston Villa at the Etihad will open the door for Liverpool, who will then have to beat Wolves at Anfield. Wright has previously admitted he would rather the Reds win the title this season. And he has now gone into depth on why he prefers to watch the Merseyside club. He claims there is more jeopardy during Liverpool games compared to when City play, which is more appealing for the neutral. READ MORE: Everton could face Premier League investigation as Leeds and Burnley raise FFP concerns  Speaking on the Kelly & Wrighty Show, Wright said: "The thing is, because City are so good, teams are so afraid. I watch City sometimes and it's very difficult to watch sometimes. "Not because it's turgid or boring. It's not being disrespectful to City but teams are so afraid, they have to do those blocks and they have to do the deep block to stop them because we've seen Kevin De Bruyne, bam, bam, bam, the game's over. "But Liverpool, no matter what form they're in, you can feel that on the right day, if the team can stop them, you can actually get at them. You can get at them more frequently than City and there's more jeopardy watching Liverpool for me when I watch it. "And it kind of makes me feel something in my stomach. Man City fans go into games knowing 'yeah we're going to win this'. DON'T MISSMan Utd can kickstart Ten Hag era with sexiest of signings that ticks all boxes [COMMENT]Everton star Richarlison fires savage insult at Jamie Carragher after Crystal Palace win [SOCIAL]Paul Pogba worried about playing for Man Utd against Crystal Palace as details emerge [REPORT]  "Liverpool fans go into games going 'yeah we're good enough to win this but if we get this wrong'. There's more jeopardy on Liverpool. "It gets to a stage with Man City because they're so good that after a while you're watching the [opposition], can they hold out this defence? Then Man City break it and you go 'I knew that was going to happen'. "Then all of a sudden you don't have the same vibe in your stomach. Whereas Liverpool, it goes and goes."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here