The Royal Family Twitter account, which represents the sovereign as well as all working members of the Firm who don't have their own social media handle, shared a brief message to mark the seventh birthday of Princess Charlotte. The post read: "Happy 7th Birthday Princess Charlotte!" The tweet also included one of the three pictures released by Kensington Palace on Sunday evening. It shows the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's daughter smiling widely to the camera while sitting with her legs crossed in a garden full of bluebells. As noted in the tweet, the snap was taken by Charlotte's mum Kate in Norfolk during the weekend. The child posed for the picture wearing a jumper matching the colour of the flowers surrounding her.  The picture used by the Queen's social media account to wish the child a happy seventh birthday also revealed Charlotte has lost one of her front teeth. Last night, Kensington Palace released two more pictures of the child, including one in which she has an arm wrapped around the family dog. Given to the Cambridges by Kate's brother James Middleton, the black cocker spaniel has been named Orla, as it emerged during the weekend. READ MORE: Royal fans gush over Charlotte's birthday snap with ‘gorgeous pooch’ Many royal fans joined in wishing the child a happy birthday after the Royal Family Twitter account shared its message. Replying to the social media post, user Catsmother01 wrote: "What a bonnie lassie! Happy birthday Princess Charlotte". Moreover, some said to see a similarity between Charlotte and the Queen. Twitter user Ms Delore wrote: "She’s like a mini Queen Elizabeth. Happy birthday lovely Charlotte!"  And Kayleigh Cheshire tweeted: "Gosh she's beautiful. Very much looks like the Queen when she was young x" A few hours after the Queen's public birthday wishes, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's Twitter account thanked people for their kind messages addressed to Charlotte. The tweet read: "Thank you for all the lovely messages on Princess Charlotte’s seventh birthday!" Charlotte was born on this day in 2015 and she is one of the seven great-granddaughters of the monarch. Much like her siblings Prince George and Prince Louis, the child was born at St Mary's Hospital in London and introduced to the world from the step of the Lindo Wing while being cradled by her parents. Charlotte currently attends Thomas Battersea's school in south London alongside her elder brother and third-in-line to the throne. However, amid rumours the Cambridges may be looking to relocate to Windsor, Charlotte may start a new school in Berkshire in September. Princess Charlotte is being gradually introduced to royal duties by his doting parents. On Christmas Day 2019, she joined Prince George in their first service at St Mary Magdalene Church in Norfolk, and took part in the walkabout which traditionally follows, during which they met royal fans. In the following year, they were also accompanied by Prince Louis as they stepped on a red carpet to attend a special panto performance dedicated to NHS and frontline workers at the London Palladium. In March, Charlotte and George stepped out together once again to attend the poignant service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip. Arriving at Westminster Abbey, the young royals behaved impeccably as they shook hands and exchanged a few words with the clergymen lined up to welcome them. And on Easter Sunday, they joined their parents Kate and William once again to attend service at St George's Chapel in Windsor.