Mr Shaw sat down on Newscast to discuss the current global energy crisis which is affecting UK citizens all around the country. Mr Shaw explained the causes of the energy crisis, saying that one big reason for increased prices of gas and oil, being the ongoing war in Ukraine. The British business journalist discussed how and why so many were being affected as fuel is needed for so many businesses and households. The Office of National Statistics released data yesterday which showed that this time period was one of the toughest for economic growth. People living in the UK are seeing household bills rise to an average of £700 a year.  Mr Shaw told BBC Newscast: "And there was this rush of demand for energy, and then, of course, it was exacerbated by what's happening in Ukraine, Russia the biggest exporter of gas in the world. "The second biggest exporter of oil in the world, those two things have gone up enormously in price. "And then very pervasive, energy gets into everything, energy and fuel for example transport, into heating your home, your hotel your pub. "The fat that you fry your chips in and it has a pincer effect on the economy in a sense that it pushes up the cost of doing business. JUST IN: Have Your Say: Should Charles apologise to Canada? 'It’s not enough' "The input costs of ingredients and labour and all that kind of stuff. "And at the same time reduces demand and the money in the consumer's pockets, so businesses see their costs go up, and the demand and their customer's income decline. "That's a pretty toxic brew and that's what we're looking at, at the moment, which is why some people already think we're in the foothills of a recession. "And certainly what we saw in March was that the economy began to contract even though in the first few months it grew a bit, at the tail end of that it was dipping and that's the big fear at the moment." READ MORE: Russian soldier accused of war crimes pleads guilty to killing civilian in landmark trial Many Britons have been plunged into poverty due to the cost of living crisis and rising inflation. With prices going up but wages not increasing many fear a recession is just around the corner. Secretary of State Business Kwasi Kwarteng has dismissed the possibility of this happening. Mr Kwarteng said: "I don't think we necessarily are. The inflation we're experiencing is a global phenomenon." "We're dealing with it as best as we can." DON’T MISS: Neighbour from hell hurls cement and bricks over fence of £1million home François-Régis Mouton, the Regional Director of Europe of the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) called for countries in the European Union to start sourcing their own gas supply, by investing in various forms of energy. Mr Mouton wrote in Euractiv: ""Together, the EU and Norway hold 3470 bcm of known gas reserves, equivalent to 22 years of Russian gas supplies. "If the EU is ready to do what it takes to install 10 million heat pumps in the next five years, find an extra 50 bcm of non-Russian gas imports and produce 35 bcm of biomethane by 2030, why couldn’t it make as well the most of its known gas reserves and try to find additional ones?"  