The result, which undermines the argument that another referendum would see the country vote to rejoin the bloc, also shows that the deep divisions which characterised the 2016 EU Referendum are still just as pronounced. In a poll of 1624 UK voters, conducted by Techne UK across May 11 and 12, 51 percent of people said they would vote to stay out of the EU. 49 percent of those polled said they would rejoin. Not much appears to have changed since people cast their votes in 2016, with the Techne polling demonstrating just a 1 percent shift from the 2016 result, where 51.9 percent of Britons voted to leave the EU. Of those who voted to leave in the EU referendum, 91 percent said they would stand by their decision. And of those who voted remain, 92 percent said they would vote to rejoin. Differences in age remain a dividing line when it comes to the country's stance on the EU, with 56 percent of those aged 18 to 34 saying they would rejoin. 44 perecent said they would stay out of the EU. However, a massive 41 percent of this group said they wouldn't bother voting at all. Of those aged 64 and over, 59 percent said they would stay out of the EU, while 41 percent said they would rejoin. READ MORE: 'Biased left wing propaganda!' BBC slammed for 'pro-EU' stance According to YouGov, 64 percent of people aged 65 and over voted to leave the EU in 2016. The voter turnout in this group would be significantly higher than those aged 18-34, the poll showed, with 93 percent saying they would vote. Education levels also remain a dividing line. A total of 67 percent of those with a postgraduate degree would vote to rejoin the bloc, while just 24 percent of those with secondary education would do the same. DON'T MISS: Sunak 'can't increase benefits' because of 'complicated' IT system [REPORT] 'There are pictures' John Curtice's bombshell to topple Boris [REVEAL] Putin embarrassed as citizens PAID to join Kremlin war march [INSIGHT] There is also a major split between those who voted for the Conservatives in 2019 and those who didn't. Of those who voted for the Tory party in 2019, just 26 percent said they would vote to rejoin, while 74 percent said they would vote to stay out. The Labour party saw the opposite outcome, with 83 percent saying they would vote to rejoin and just 17 percent saying they would vote to stay out. Likewise, the Liberal Democrats saw 71 percent of people say they would vote to rejoin and 29 percent say they would vote to stay out. Remainers such as Labour peer Lord Adonis have previously claimed that the UK will rejoin the EU in the not so distant future. He said that "Brexit almost certainly won't last", adding that it "may well be reversed entirely in this generation". The pro-leave polling comes in spite of mounting criticism of the Government's handling of Brexit, which has come to a head in recent weeks as a result of issues with the Northern Ireland Protocol. The Protocol, which has caused shortages, delays and price rises in Northern Ireland, has been accused of undermining the Good Friday Agreement, with warnings being issued of a return to violence in the region. Meanwhile, tensions with the EU have grown as the bloc has threatened to suspend its trade agreement with the UK if the Government takes unilateral action to suspend the protocol.