During the Queen’s Speech the Prince of Wales said that Her Majesty’s Government would support the UK’s economic growth by making it easier to amend inherited EU law, simplify public sector growth and reform data protection laws. He also said that the Government would protect the country’s borders and stop illegal channel crossings. Prince Charles said: “Her Majesty's Government will continue to seize the opportunities of the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union, to support economic growth. “Regulations on businesses will be repealed and reformed. A bill will enable law inherited from the European Union to be more easily amended. “Public Sector procurement will be simplified to provide new opportunities for small businesses." He added: “New legislation will strengthen the United Kingdom’s financial services industry, ensuring that it continues to act in the interest of all people and communities. The United Kingdom’s data protection regime will be reformed.”   The speech refers to a slew of Bills proposed by the Government, particularly the Brexit Freedoms Bill proposed by the Prime Minister, which would allow the UK to finally be free of European red tape which has hamstrung UK businesses. The Prince of Wales also lauded a new Free Trade Agreement with Australia and New Zealand, the first of its kind since the UK left the EU in 2020. Prince Charles told the Houses that the Government will continue to tackle irregular migration and crack down on people smugglers through its Public Order Bill. READ MORE:Pension triple lock fury: NO HINT of help as pensioners 'cast aside'  He said: “My Government will protect the integrity of the United Kingdom’s borders and ensure the safety of its people. “My Ministers will take action to prevent dangerous and illegal Channel crossings and tackle the criminal gangs who profit from facilitating them. “Legislation will be introduced to ensure the police have the powers to make the streets safer.” The speech signalled an end to the supremacy of European law while highlighting the benefits of Brexit. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry dealt legal blow as judge slaps down Duke of Sussex [REPORT]Putin left devastated as Russian invaders obliterated in rare footage [VIDEO]Huge protest as DUP collapses Stormont in furious [LIVE]  In an introduction by the Prime Minister, Boris Johnson praised the UK’s successful vaccination and booster campaign, something he said was only possible because Britain had left the European Union. Prince Charles was selected by her majesty to give the speech after it was announced that she would not attend, for the first time in almost 60 years, due to mobility problems. The speech is the one occasion where both Houses and the Sovereign come together in the same location to open Parliament and hear the Government’s plans for the coming year. 