The hottest day of the year so far was recorded in St James's Park in London on Good Friday, with temperatures reaching a high of 23.4C. But weather forecaster Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services has predicted temperatures of up to 25C in London on Wednesday, May 11. He told Express.co.uk: "The near continent is getting hot and we're getting a little bit of that warmth into London that will give us the warmest day of the year so far next week." He added: "When we get to Wednesday, [we could see] 25 degrees in London. It continues into the following days." The warm weather will begin today, with temperatures reaching up to 21C in the southeast. London will see highs of 20C, according to Netweather, meanwhile northern parts of the UK and Scotland will be as warm as 16C. This weekend, the Met Office has said it will be "warm over southwestern UK" and "cooler in the east." It has also forecast some "light rain and drizzle" in part of the southeast tomorrow. Annie Shuttleworth, a Met Office meteorologist, said that temperatures, in general, are expected to be "much warmer than average" this month. She continued: "Average temperatures at this point in early May is about 17C (63F) for London and somewhere around 15C (59F) outside of that. UV levels will likely be high. "Some protection is advised, and long periods in the sunshine not recommended." The forecaster added: "It's possible we could see the warmest day in parts of the South East. "If we don't see it on Friday, we'll likely see it at least on one day next week." MeteoGroup forecaster Donal Considine explained that the warm air will originate from North Africa and Spain, causing temperatures of up to 5C above average. READ MORE: 26C heatwave in DAYS as experts forecast 'proper summer' for 2022 He said: "We'll get a day-on-day increase in temperatures as warm air is pulled up from North Africa and Spain because of the direction of the winds. "So next week there is the potential for maximum temperatures 4C to 5C above average." The hot weather is set to continue throughout the month, with Mr Dale telling Express.co.uk that the second half of May will see "very warm" weather. He said that temperatures will become "progressively warmer" throughout the month as a result of hot air from the continent, where it is currently seeing "much warmer" weather than the UK. DON'T MISS: 'About time!' Temperatures ‘could go up to 72F’ this week [REPORT] Dog heatstroke warning as warm weather threatens key breeds [INSIGHT] UK hot weather: Exact date Britain set for 'hottest day of year' [ANALYSIS] Mr Dale described the higher temperatures as "t-shirt weather", saying the UK will be seeing "proper summer". WXCharts has also forecast warm temperatures in the second half of the month, with maximum temperatures reaching up to 25C in Scotland on May 19. It has predicted temperatures of up to 24C in the southeast and the north, meanwhile, London will see highs of 23C. Edinburgh will reach up to 21C. There is very little rain forecast throughout the week. The Met Office defines a heatwave as an extended period – amounting to at least three consecutive days – of weather which is much hotter than usual.