EasyJet said they are experiencing IT systems issues, affecting flights due to take off from 1pm to 3pm. The issues have grounded the airlines flights across the UK, with at least 30 flights to and from Gatwick Airport cancelled as a result. Twitter user Ladey Grey said: “Armed police everywhere, flights grounded, easyJet not giving any information to anyone. “Airport staff not sure, message keeps changing, being escorted away from the gates. “I don’t like to be a pessimist but I *think* we’re not making it to Italy today.” Manchester Airport told Express.co.uk “police regularly patrol the airport and it is standard across the UK that those in airports are armed”. They also noted “no other airlines are affected by this”. A spokeswoman for easyJet said: “Unfortunately, we are currently experiencing IT systems issues which means that flights due to depart between 13:00 and 15:00 UK time today may be impacted. “Our team of IT specialists is working to restore the systems as soon as possible. “We advise customers due to travel with us today to continue to check Flight Tracker to check the status of their flight before making their way to the airport. “We apologise for the inconvenience caused and would like to thank customers for their patience as we work to resolve this as soon as possible.” A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Police has said an incident which armed officers were deployed to was “nothing of concern”. The statement added: "There was a suggestion of small pockets of disorder following a cancelled flight. “No arrests last I saw. Armed officers are usually our resources closest to the airport to deal with a report of an incident." Under European air passengers’ rights rules, passengers could be entitled to compensation of £220 or £350 per person depending on the length of the flight. EasyJet has rebuffed claims and said the IT systems failure is “outside of our control and is considered to be an extraordinary circumstance”. More social media users have also flagged issues boarding easyJet flights. Callum Lake posted: "EasyJet you've cancelled my flight I'm stuck in Prague, your website isn't working it's not letting me manage my bookings what do you expect me to do?????" Another user, jxdieb, said her flight had been cancelled two hours before boarding and that she is "stranded in Paris until tomorrow with an autistic child". Meanwhile, traffic outside Manchester Airport suffered more than 30 minute delays. National Highways North-West said: “There are 2 lanes (of 4) closed on the #M56 eastbound within J5 due to a multi-vehicle collision near Manchester Airport. “Emergency services are at the scene, recovery is en-route. Please allow extra time for your journey as there are 35 minute delays and 4 miles of congestion.” At 5:09pm, the Twitter account added: “All lanes have now reopened on the #M56 eastbound within J5 following the earlier multi-vehicle collision near Manchester Airport. “There are approx. 30 min residual delays on approach with 2 miles of congestion. Please allow extra time for your journey.” Meanwhile, traffic outside Manchester Airport suffered more than 30 minute delays. National Highways North-West said: “There are 2 lanes (of 4) closed on the #M56 eastbound within J5 due to a multi-vehicle collision near Manchester Airport. “Emergency services are at the scene, recovery is en-route. Please allow extra time for your journey as there are 35 minute delays and 4 miles of congestion.” At 5:09pm, the Twitter account added: “All lanes have now reopened on the #M56 eastbound within J5 following the earlier multi-vehicle collision near Manchester Airport. “There are approx. 30 min residual delays on approach with 2 miles of congestion. Please allow extra time for your journey.”