Jo Brand, 64, spent most of her life in Tunbridge Wells, Kent, before becoming a celebrity. The star was born in Wandsworth, London, but moved to St Mary's Platt, near Sevenoaks, at age four. Her family then moved to an old converted coast house in Benenden, Kent. Jo attended St Mary's Platt Primary School and Benenden Village Primary School, before attending Tunbridge Wells Girls' Grammar until she was 16. The comedian worked for Barnardo's, as well as bar staff and a cleaner before becoming a mental health nurse in the town. READ MORE: When to plant out courgettes - exact time to move seeds outdoors Jo Brand returned to Tunbridge Wells in 2017. The quiet town is just one hour from London but offers more of the countryside. The average house price in Tunbridge Wells is £522,076 over the last year, according to RightMove. When Jo returned to the area, she explained: "I love Tunbridge Wells. I had a brilliant time in Tunbridge Wells and I lived and worked here for years.  "It is very nice to be back. "Those bars were a big part of my social life - but that's usually what happens when you're a student. "I'm very attached to the word portmanteau itself because when I was at primary school, and I remember this really well, I must have been seven or eight, we had a spelling test and I got 19 out of 20. "The teacher was fairly gobsmacked because we were a Kent village school and we were actually all a bit thick most of us. The only word I got wrong was portmanteau, I put an 'o' on the end instead of an 'eau', and so from that point onward I always knew what that word meant." She continued: "This is going to sound like a humble brag but I went to the local comprehensive and after six months they got my parents in and said I'd have to go up two years as I was too intelligent for my year." The star moved out of her family home and lived in Hastings, Sussex, for a while. Jo talked about her first house in Hastings on the Tom Read Wilson's podcast: "It was like a play. There were four floors." She spoke about living next to a lot of colourful characters during her time there. Rightmove reported the average house price in Hasting is more affordable than Kent, at £294,986. Jo makes frequent appearances on shows such as QI, Have I Got News For You and Would I Lie to You?. Her daughter Maisie, 20, has recently become a TikTok sensation with over 70,000 followers. Jo Brand's daughter, who sometimes shared videos with her mum on the platform, has also released two singles on Spotify.