Rafael Nadal gave a hilarious answer when told that Alexander Zverev claimed the Spaniard was already “30 per cent better” after arriving at the French Open, following his injury scare in Rome last week. The 13-time champion in Paris has played down his chances after his chronic foot injury caused him pain when he crashed out of the Italian Open. Nadal’s preparations for the French Open have been limited, with the world No 5 returning from a hip injury at the Madrid Masters where he lost to Carlos Alcaraz in the quarters, before suffering an injury scare in his three-set defeat to Denis Shapovalov in Rome. But world No 3 Zverev believes the Spaniard is already in better form after arriving at his most successful tournament. “I think Rafa at this place here -- just watched him practice. And it's funny because me, my dad and Sergi Bruguera watched him practise, and all of a sudden his forehand is just 20 miles an hour faster,” he said ahead of the French Open. “He moves lighter on his feet. There is something about this court that makes him play 30 per cent better, just being on this court.” And when the German’s comments were put to the 21-time Major champion, he gave a hilarious response after not understanding the question. “30 per cent better player here than in the rest of the places or the rest of the players?” he asked, as he was told he was better in Paris but it “would be nice” to be better than the others. JUST IN: Carlos Alcaraz warned about three players ahead of French Open   Laughing, the 13-time French Open champion said: “Actually I was for a while, but not anymore I think.” But he also played down the world No 3’s big claim as he gave a serious response to Zverev’s comments, adding: “I won also a lot in Barcelona, Rome and Monte Carlo. “It's probably not a matter of place. My level of tennis on clay has been high for a long time. But I didn't have the preparation I would have liked. In sports, things change quickly." Zverev had made the comment after being asked whether he thought Alcaraz or Nadal had a better chance of winning the title, while also being questioned over where he would place himself in the mix. “Well, I will answer each question at a time. I think there has been a period where those guys that were the best three-set players in the world. I think I was as well maybe back in 2018, maybe also last year, as well, but it's very different at a slam. And I think it takes a lot more than just playing good tennis to win a Grand Slam,” he said.  DON'T MISSFederer gives injury update while 'feeling like a racehorse in a box'Naomi Osaka was 'very worried' about French Open returnFederer reveals Nadal phone call as he lays out plan to emulate rival   The former French Open semi-finalist also put defending champion Djokovic up there with Nadal, continuing: “I think Novak right now, as well, he's finding his form again. He's been playing better and better each week that he's been playing on the clay courts. He's been playing fantastic in Rome. Those two guys are still the No. 1 and 2 favourites for me, in my opinion.” Zverev is in the same half of the draw as all three of his picks for the title - Nadal, Djokovic and Alcaraz. And he admitted he thought the champion would come fom their section of the draw rather than the bottom half, which contains last year’s runner-up Stefanos Tsitsipas and US Open champion Daniil Medvedev. “I think the top half of the draw is pretty stacked, I would say, with obviously Carlos and myself in there, as well, with the top two guys,” he claimed. “So I do think that probably the Roland Garros champion will be in the top half.”