Antonio Conte is still yet to sit down with the Tottenham board to discuss his plans for the immediate future, according to reports. Spurs have just one final game of the season where a win will secure Champions League football for next season. Tottenham's main goal at the start of the season was to return to the top four, but it looked increasingly unlikely even after Conte's arrival at the club. It was out of their hands last week when Arsenal were just one win away from securing Champions League football for the first time since 2017 ahead of the north London derby. But the Gunners' defeat to Tottenham, followed by the dismal loss to Newcastle on Monday night has now handed Spurs the advantage heading into the final game of the season for both teams. If Tottenham beat or draw with Norwich at the weekend then a top-four finish will be secured, giving the club a huge boost in the transfer market. It may also prove to be the difference for Conte staying for at least another season or not. The Italian has dodged every question on his immediate future at Tottenham in recent weeks. JUST IN: Arsenal meltdown put down to five reasons as Gunners compared to Spurs  And it appears as though Tottenham's board also aren't sure what Conte's plans are yet. According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Conte has not yet discussed his future with the Tottenham board. Talks are reportedly planned though, likely to happen after Sunday's game against Norwich. Tottenham will want answers quickly on whether Conte plans to stay or not and whether they need to find a replacement. DON'T MISS  Conte has been linked with taking the Paris Saint-Germain job with Mauricio Pochettino tipped to leave. If Conte does remain at Tottenham, the former Chelsea boss will want to be heavily backed in the transfer window. Chairman Daniel Levy has often utilised the loan and free agency market though and former target Paulo Dybala will be available. But it is claimed that Tottenham have not held talks with the Argentine, although the situation is 'still open'. Dybala has been on Tottenham's radar for several years, dating back to 2019 when a deal with Juventus was supposedly all agreed. However, the deal was scuppered in the eleventh hour due to an image rights issue regarding Dybala.