The Queen made a surprise arrival at the Royal Horticultural Society’s Chelsea Flower Show on Monday, despite fears her ongoing mobility issues may have prevented her attending. The monarch was driven around the show, of which she is a patron, in a stylish white buggy with a formal chauffeur. Royal biographer Angela Levin suggested the Queen had chosen this form of mobility assistance in an effort not to appear “feeble” as she has been forced to miss a number of recent royal events due to health concerns.   Speaking to Sky News, Ms Levin said: “She looks great even from a distance, she was honestly full of fun.” She continued: “I quite understand that she didn’t want to look feeble. “She didn’t want to come with crutches or sticks or being pushed in a wheelchair or automatic wheelchair.” The royal author suggested the Queen had purposefully avoided other forms of mobility assistance in an effort to waive rumours of her deteriorating health. Discussing the buggy, Ms Levin said: “This is really super trendy and it should be because it cost £62,000 - nonetheless, it’s come out of her own pocket and not the taxpayers.”    Ms Levin celebrated the Queen’s chosen method of transport as the buggy allowed her to enjoy the royal event from the comfort of a luxury seat. She continued: “I think she really enjoyed it, it was sort of a challenge and it was lovely. “Especially to have a chauffeur driving it, it’s sort of very humorous and ideal I think. “I hope she feels she can come to more things, if she’s feeling well enough, in this super buggy.” Read more: BBC host Clive Myrie says parents always looked up to Queen The Queen is a regular attendee of the Chelsea Flower Show, having visited the event more than 50 times in her 70-year reign. This year's show included a floral arrangement in tribute to her upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. The Queen’s appearance at the event is particularly notable as the monarch was forced to cancel several engagements over recent months due to mobility concerns. Speaking of her appearance at the show, Buckingham Palace said: “Adjustments have been made for the Queen’s comfort.” Don't miss:'Stupid idiots with no sense of history' Union flag Jubilee row [REVEAL]Queen in tears after Lady Louise's touching tribute to Prince Philip [INSIGHT]David Dimbleby says it'll be 'sad' if Queen doesn't attend Jubilee [REPORT] Ms Levin speculated the “super buggy” could enable the Queen to expand her appearances at royal events. While the increased mobility options does bode well for her royal appearances, Ms Levin said the UK will have to “wait and see” what Platinum Jubilee events the Queen is able to attend. The royal biographer said: “She is doing things on her terms when she feels like it.” The Palace has already confirmed the Queen will not attend the Trooping of the Colour parade in honour of her birthday.   