Phillip Schofield and Julie Etchingham fronted the ITV coverage in honour of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee Celebration as the 96-year-old monarch took centre stage at Windsor Castle on Sunday evening.  Actor Tom Cruise, comedian Omid Djalili and Dame Helen Mirren were just some of the famous faces present at the historical event. But some viewers were unimpressed by ITV's coverage of the royal event with some people distracted by the hosts. A series of tech mishaps and frequent advert breaks led to many viewers pleading with the BBC to air the coverage instead as some people were concerned with the flow of the event. Many social media users took to social media and vented their frustrations as some people took aim at Phillip, 60. Twitter user, Tenko-Dragon fumed: "@ITV Please tell Phillip Schofield and co to shut up and let viewers watch the Queens Jubilee Celebration show!" READ MORE: Julia Fox stuns onlookers as she strips off to bra and pants at shops Chris Primus Doyle remarked: "Pity about Phillip Schofield babbling on and on and on." Helen Spirit raged: "When are @ITV going to realise that to many people, Phillip Schofield being the presenter of anything at all just leads to people automatically switching over to another channel. #Jubilee." Tessa mused: "Phillip talking about himself again." Frankie vented: "Sadly had to switch off #Jubilee."  While Andrew Wiles added: "What on earth were ITV thinking, putting Phillip Schofield on the Platinum Jubilee program, all he did was add spoilers to upcoming acts and carrying out a gush fest with Tom Cruise that was nothing to do with the Queen." But other viewers were less critical of ITV's coverage of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee Celebration as they praised Phillip. Jenny East gushed: "@Schofe fantastic job on the platinum jubilee celebration last night.  Although, at the end your commentary made me think of the pair in Pitch Perfect. Made me chuckle." Tony Ashcroft commented: "Well done to all involved with this evening's Queen's Platinum Jubilee Celebration. A great and emotional show! @ITV @julie_etch @Schofe." DON'T MISS... Louise Minchin says husband's warning prompted Breakfast exit[LATEST]Holly Willoughby stuns fans as she strips off for selfie after shower[PICTURES]Eamonn Holmes was 'aggressive' with David Cassidy after row with Ruth[ADMISSION] Deonne Baldwin added: "What a truly fantastic programme it was. Everyone was absolutely wonderful and the music superb. Thanks to Philip and Julie for commentating." Queen Elizabeth II attended the equestrian extravaganza at the arena close to Windsor Castle during the televised event. The monarch sat in the royal box with a blanket over her knees for the musical and theatrical romp across the centuries, called A Gallop Through History, which chronicled the events of the first Elizabethan age, from the attempted invasion of the Spanish Armada to leading figures of the day like William Shakespeare. Hollywood A-lister Tom, 59, made an appearance at the big event but talk of his new movie was met with criticism by some viewers. Phillip interviewed the Mission Impossible frontman after the This Morning host told Tom he and Julie had watched the actor's latest offering Top Gun: Maverick which will premiere in the UK on Thursday. ITV viewers hit out at the hosts for quizzing the actor on his new film during the Platinum Jubilee Celebration programme. Meanwhile, Tom gushed over the Queen as he praised the longest-reigning British monarch. "What she has accomplished is historic. She has met presidents, world leaders, people from all walks of life," Tom said. "Not just Americans, but the world knows the dignity, devotion and kindness, that is what I have always felt about her. Someone that understands her position and has held it through a history that’s just been extraordinary the past 70 years." 