  Piers  Morgan condemned the “absolutely horrendous” school shooting that took place in Uvalde, Texas yesterday, leaving 19 young children dead. The journalist went on to call for America to make changes to its gun control laws, following the “horrific” incident that also took the lives of two adults.       Piers, 57, took to Twitter last night to update his 7.9 million followers on the terrible events that transpired at Uvalde yesterday. Using statistics that have since been updated, he wrote: “14 schoolchildren and a teacher at an elementary school in Uvalde, Texas have been shot dead by an 18-year-old gunman. “Absolutely horrendous. I don’t know what else to say about these endless US gun massacres - it’s for Americans to resolve but where is the will? He continued: “Nothing was done after Sandy Hook to stop another school massacre like that happening again. READ MORE: Jon Kay announces 'new arrival' after Carol Kirkwood's engagement news     “It’s now happened again. Schoolchildren being slaughtered in their classrooms should not be a political issue. “Please, America, stop the partisan bullsh*t and do something to stop it.” Tennis star Andy Murray, recalled the deadly 1996 shooting of 16 children and one teacher at Dunblane Primary School, Scotland, responded to Piers’ tweet. “F***ing madness,” the star commented.      Replying to the tweet, Piers wrote back: “As you know better than most. “I don’t understand the lack of will to at least try to stop it happening. “Texas has nearly twice as many registered guns as any other US state. “I hope we don’t hear that the answer to this latest horrendous massacre is more guns.” READ MORE... Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement [NEWS] Amal Clooney, 44, wows in floral gown at Prince's Trust Awards [PICTURE] James Jordan's wife Ola addresses 'difficult' family farewell [INSIGHT]      Piers also shared a quote from the USA’s National Youth Poet Laureate Amanda Gorman, which read: “It takes a monster to kill children. But to watch monsters kill children again and again and do nothing isn’t just insanity—it’s inhumanity.” In another update an hour after the initial news had been reported, Piers tweeted: “18 children now dead in school massacre - Texas State Senator Roland Gutierrez on CNN. Horrific.” Surviving victims of the shooting, which occurred at Robb Elementary School, have been taken to at least two hospitals in Uvalde to be treated. The attack has been described as the worst US shooting in a decade and the suspect is now reportedly dead.     Authorities have identified the shooter as 18-year-old Salvador Ramos, who attended the nearby Uvalde High School. Ramos, who was clad in body armour and carrying a rifle, carried out a massacre that began with shooting his own grandmother before he was shot dead by officers. Speaking on national television, Joe Biden said: "As a nation, we have to ask, 'When in God's name are we going to stand up to the gun lobby?'" He suggested reinstating a U.S. ban on assault-style weapons and other "common sense gun laws".  