With summer fast approaching, many green-thumbed Britons are back in the garden using the spring sunshine as a time to plant and prepare their green space for the warmer weather. However, a lot of plants on the market can be expensive. Gardeners looking for more ways to brighten up their outside space, a gardening expert has shared an array of flowers that can add a pop of colour to pots and borders. Though many flowers are already beginning to blossom, there is still time to get more planted before the peak summer arrives. Louise Findlay-Wilson, the the voice behind popular gardening blog Blooming Lucky, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk on “cheap and cheerful” plants that gardeners should add to their outdoor spaces for a “burst of colour”. She explained how bedding plants fit this criteria, though they can be “killed off” by the “risk of frost”. The expert said: “If you’re looking to add a burst of colour to your garden at the moment, it may be tempting to buy bedding plants. “They seem so relatively cheap and cheerful. Surely, they’d be perfect to pop into containers or borders?  Well not necessarily. READ MORE: Gardening tips: ‘Optimise’ your garden space using 5p vegetable hack “With there still being a risk of frost at the moment, they could be a big mistake. A sudden cold night could kill them off. And they tend to only last the one year, and once their flowering is done people tend to get rid of them." Although, “gorgeously colourful perennials” will last so much longer than bedding plants. Louise said: “As their name suggests they will come back year after year and as they grow you can divide the plants or take cuttings from them. “They create lots more lovely, colourful plants for yourself.  With perennials in the long run you’ll get a lot more bang, or should I say blooms, for your buck!” Geum were another suggestion from the gardening pro as these popular hardy perennials can flower from late spring into summer and sometimes as late as autumn. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to keep bath towels soft - ‘cheap and amazing’ way [COMMENT]‘The right order’ to paint a room to make the process ‘easier’ [TIPS]Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [EXPERT] Louise said: “They are so soft and wild looking, which suits my gardening style. “They’re hardy perennials, so they come back year after year so long as you regularly divide them. “They can flower from late spring right into summer and sometimes as late as autumn. “So in my book they’re perfect contenders for a container or a flower bed. “Colour-wise they are on the hot side of the spectrum – yellow, orange and red.” Achilleas were next on the list of cheap and colourful plants to add to gardens, with her favourite type being achillea moonshines. She explained: “With its acid lemon flat flower heads, which go on and on, and feathery blue-green, grey foliage, I think it’s a real star. “I have my moonshine both in a container on my patio where it’s like a sunburst, creating a real impact contrasting with dark purple planting.” Achilleas aren’t fussy, they cope with full sun or partial shade, as long as the soil is well-drained. Gardeners who have these plants, Louise instructed them to keep deadheading them and they’ll keep coming back. Another plant to try is erysimum or the perennial wallflower. Lousie explained: “You can get some wonderful purple varieties such as bowles mauve. “They’re so easy to grow, just give them a sheltered sunny spot with good drainage. “They’ll reward you with oodles of scented spires of flowers. “If you keep deadheading, you will get flowers from now right through summer and into autumn.” The gardening blogger claimed last year hers flowered almost all year round.