Pep Guardiola is to blame for Manchester City's repeated failure to win the Champions League, according to former Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan. The outspoken pundit says Guardiola's unwillingness to shift from his philosophy has cost the Etihad club on the European stage during his tenure. City crashed out of the Champions League at the semi-final stage on Wednesday. They were leading Real Madrid 5-3 on aggregate with just a minute of normal time remaining in the second leg at the Bernabeu. But Real stunned the visitors as substitute Rodrygo scored twice in the space of two minutes to take the game to extra-time. A shell-shocked City were unable to recover and Karim Benzema's early penalty in the extra period was enough to send Real through to face Liverpool in Paris on May 28. City lost in last season's final to Chelsea, where Guardiola was criticised for his team selection. Jordan admits there has been some misfortune for the reigning Premier League champions in some of their European campaigns. READ MORE: Ronaldo 'accepting' of Man Utd transfer plan ahead of Erik ten Hag talks  However, he believes the blame must be laid at the coach's door for the latest heartache. Jordan said on talkSPORT: "[City] are probably the best team in Europe. So it's unfathomable why they keep finding themselves in a situation where they cannot win this tournament. "They lost it last year because of tactical errors and misjudgements of how to play against Chelsea. They've lost previous games with a little bit of misfortune. "This loss against Real Madrid is probably the worst of the lot because they had it in their hand four times during the series of 180 or 190 minutes. And each time, seemingly, game management or ability to be able to overcome the obstacle, had evaded them. DON'T MISSNewcastle told no by Napoli ace linked to Man Utd because they're 'not prestigious enough' [GOSSIP]Man City boss Pep Guardiola shares theory behind last-gasp meltdown vs Real Madrid [INTERVIEW]Marcus Rashford's price tag at Man Utd has changed by £90m as two rivals eye deal [TRANSFERS]  "And that has to be the coach's thinking. It's one thing sticking to your principles, it's one thing saying we won't compromise because we don't believe in compromise and we will always overcome obstacles by continuing to believe in a philosophy, there is another thing having that extra one per cent of nouse. "Because there's no way with due respect to Real Madrid, that besides their livery and their 17 times in the Champions League final, that on a pound-for-pound basis, that they should have beaten Man City in these two games."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here