Ferrari’s post-race protest into Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez’s pit lane failure was because of a mistake with the FIA's rules. The Monaco Grand Prix’s race notes claimed drivers had to keep to the right of the solid yellow line at pit exit at all times. However, this rule was changed at the start of the year and the FIA blamed a ‘cut and paste’ job from previous regulations for the issues in Monaco. The pre-event race notes said: "In accordance with Chapter 4 (Section 5) of Appendix L to the ISC (International Sporting Code) drivers must keep to the right of the solid yellow line at the pit exit when leaving the pits and stay to the right of this line until it finishes after turn one.” F1’s sporting code was changed ahead of the 2022 season which pits higher emphasis on cars crossing the pout exit line than simply touching it The new ISC says: “Except in cases of force majeure (accepted as such by the Stewards), any tyre of a car exiting the pit lane must not cross any line painted on the track at the pit exit for the purpose of separating cars leaving the pit lane from those on the track.” Both Red Bull drivers appeared to touch the yellow pit exit line after they stopped for dry tyres. The strategy to pit one lap later allowed Red Bull to jump Ferrari in the stops and eventually go on to score a double podium finish. READ MORE: Ferrari protests thrown out after Verstappen and Perez summoned However, Ferrari’s Mattia Binotto was disappointed after the race and claimed Red Bull had breached the rules. Under previous guidelines, it is likely Red Bull would have been punished but the new rule saved their race. The stewards' decision clarified this, as they confirmed Red Bull had escaped punishment because the car did not ‘cross’ the pit exit line. It said: “The car did not 'cross' the line – to do so it would have needed to have a full wheel to the left of the yellow line. “Accordingly the driver did not breach the relevant section of the Code and this takes precedent over any interpretation of the notes.” After the race, Binotto confirmed Ferrari believed the rules were unclear and said it wanted to seek clarification from the FIA. DON'T MISSFerrari boss slams Max Verstappen over 'clear breach of regulations' [COMMENT]Marko claims Leclerc should have got 'drastic penalty' pre-Monaco GP [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen's dad hits out at Pirelli and FIA for 'ruining' races [INSIGHT] He said: “As Ferrari, we are disappointed because we believe there was a clear breach of regulations on the two Red Bull going on the yellow line exiting the pit. I think it was not close, it was on the line and if you look at the intonation of the sporting code it is saying crossing… If you look at the race driver notes it indicates staying to the right. "So, being on the line is breaching the race director notes and I think each single team has a duty and a task to follow the race director notes. So for us, that is something unclear and we are still seeking clarification from the FIA and we will be happy to have as soon as possible our feedback."