A new warning issued to British tourists advises them to check the dates on their passport. Britons could be denied entry to the EU if their passport doesn’t meet requirements. The Government said: “If you are planning to travel to an EU country (except Ireland) or Switzerland, Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Andorra, Monaco, San Marino or Vatican City, you must follow the Schengen area passport requirements. “Your passport must be issued less than 10 years before the date you enter the country (check the date of issue). “Valid for at least three months after the day you plan to leave (check the expiry date). “You must check your passport meets these requirements before you travel. READ MORE: Meghan Markle must follow 'dozens of protocols' travelling to the UK “If your passport was issued before October 1 2018, extra months may have been added to its expiry date. “Contact the embassy of the country you are visiting if you think that your passport does not meet both these requirements. “Renew your passport if you need to.” Although Britons are being advised to renew their passports many are facing an unprecedented wait for new documents. The Passport Office has said that most passports are being processed within a 10 week window. If Britons put their applications in now, they should receive the new document by July 22, in time for the end of the first week of the British school holidays. However, some Britons have claimed they have waited longer than 10 weeks for a new passport. A huge backlog has hit the Passport Office after many Britons waited to renew their passport during the pandemic. Even if Britons are planning to travel at the end of the year, they are advised to get their applications in as early as possible. Britons will also need to make sure they don’t spend longer than 90 out of every 180 days in the Schengen area. Since Brexit, Britons can only spend 90 out of every 180 days in the Schengen area without a visa. Britons will need to have their passport stamped on entry and exit to the EU if they want to comply with rules. Britons who overstay the 90 day period could face fines, detention or even a ban from visiting the Schengen zone. The stamping process could lead to longer queues for Britons at popular holiday destinations. Britons could face delays at summer hotspots such as the Canary and Balearic island airports. British tourists will need to apply for a visa if they intend to spend longer than 90 days in the Schengen zone. Britons can return to the EU after spending 90 days in the UK.