In a video released on social media, Russian state TV channels can be seen showing a range of war clips from Ukraine as a “promotion” of how their weapons function on the battlefield. The video shows a Russian tank, before displaying several missile launches and an attack helicopter in flight. It finished with the deputy Prime Minister of Russia joking that their weapons are selling to the global market “like hot cakes”.    Military expert Viktor Baranets, appearing on Russia-1, the nation’s most-watched channel, said during the video that the “best advertisement” for their weapons was the war in Ukraine. He said: No polished ads or commercials, no article praising Russian weapons could compare to this real, truthful, brilliant promotion as those weapons used today on the battlefield. “This is the best advertisement of our weapons and we have many other arms that many countries are already lining up to buy.” He claimed that in “South America, the Middle East, and in Asia” there is interest in buying weapons “with no regard to the directives coming out of Washington”.    The video’s narrator later said: “Despite the difficult geopolitical situation, Russia maintains its place in the global arms market.” The footage then cuts to deputy prime minister Yury Borisov, who said: “These are the most sought-after products in the global marketplace. It’s selling like hotcakes.” European Union embargoes against the purchasing, import, or transfer of Russian arms were put into place on July 31 2014 following the invasion of Crimea. The measures were continually extended, and following Russia’s offensive against Ukraine on February 24, the policy was put in place until at least July 31, 2022. READ MORE: Putin nightmare as India turns on Russia to cut cash flow [REPORT]  Russia is the second-largest weapons exporter behind the United States and accounts for around 20 percent of all global arms sales. They sold $28 billion (£22 billion) of weapons to 45 countries between 2016 and 2020. But nearly 90 percent of its total exporting of arms goes to just 10 counties, including India and China. India is Putin’s largest buyer, spending roughly $6.5 billion (£5 billion) over the past five years; half of India’s total arms imports (49.3 percent) come from Russia. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin plots to STARVE world - Russia unleashes new laser [LIVE] Putin ally admits efforts to make up trade losses ‘completely failed' [REVEAL]Odesa: City calm in shadow of Moscow menace [REPORT]    They operate more than 250 Su-30 MKi Russian-made fighter jets, seven Kilo-class submarines, and more than 1,200 Russian-made T-90 tanks. All of these weapons are operational for another decade under contract, and Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said it is too expensive to seek alternative options. A further $10 billion of weapons systems are in the pipeline, according to sources, including a nuclear submarine to be leased to India and S-400 air defence system batteries. Other countries purchasing Russian weapons include China, their second-largest consumer, Algeria, Egypt, Vietnam, and Kazakhstan, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute.  