Russian people screamed condemnation of the war in Ukraine at a concert in St Petersburg. Footage from the concert records a crowd of thousands of Russians chanting “F**k the war” over and over again. The defiant display of opposition to Putin’s ‘special military operation’ suggests the Russian leader’s propaganda machine of state television is failing. Russian authorities have attempted to maintain strict censorship over information relating to the war but anti-invasion protests and demonstrations have still broken out across the authoritarian nation.    Russian state-controlled television has broadcast extensive coverage of the war since the invasion of Ukraine began in February. The content is strictly pro-war as Russian authorities attempt to use the media to spread fabricated propaganda claims in an attempt to justify Russian military intervention. Russian media claims suggest Putin’s forces have invaded Ukraine in an attempt to liberate the people who are trapped under the corrupt, fascist political rule. This, quite evidently, is not the case, as the democratic nation of Ukraine has received widespread international support from NATO in its defence against Russian invaders.    It is clear that Russian media is highly controlled as any comments made that oppose the war in Ukraine are censored or quashed with accusations of a Nazi presence in Ukraine. Mikhail Khodaryonok, a Russian military journalist recently made several controversial statements surrounding Russia's military performance in Ukraine on the television network Russia One. Mr Khodaryonok said: “The situation for us will clearly get worse.” He added: “The biggest problem with our military and political situation is that we are in total geopolitical isolation and the whole world is against us, even if we don’t want to admit it.” Read more: 'The women of Mariupol are inspiring the world with their courage' For state-controlled television, the claims made by the military expert were shocking. Mr Khodaryonok claimed Russia had failed to form any substantial international alliances in the war and warned the performance of Russian troops was in decline. Unsurprisingly, the Russian military reporter appeared again on state-controlled television and rebuked many of his earlier claims of a weakened Russian front. Mr Khodaryonok said: “I think our armed forces have been given this objective and that in the near future it will be accomplished.” Don't miss:Revealed: Russia’s secret hit list of British targets [REPORT]Putin 'will be sent to sanatorium by next year to avoid a coup' [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Bombshell revelation that Putin HAS had cancer [REVEAL] Russian authorities have cracked down on anti-war demonstrations as a significant number of protesters were detained in mass arrests following events across February and March. Alongside the mass arrests, there were reports of police brutality against anti-war demonstrators as authorities rushed to silence objections to the Russian invasion. Due to censorship of Russian reporting, it is essentially impossible to ascertain a true sense of the Russian nation’s support or opposition to events within Ukraine. However, it is estimated that thousands of Russian citizens have fled the country since the outbreak of the war and it is largely suggested this was due to their political opposition to, and fear of, Putin’s regime.   