Liverpool lost to Real Madrid in the Champions League final but there was pandemonium before the match with various accounts given from UEFA, the French government and fans at the Stade de France. Liverpool chairman Tom Werner has demanded an apology from French sports minister Amelie Oudea-Castera in a letter after she accused the club's fans for Saturday night's chaos. The Champions League final saw the Reds lose to Real Madrid at the Stade de France after Vinicius Jr's strike. However, the match was delayed by over 30 minutes because fans could not get into the stadium. Outside the ground, chaos reigned with riot police using tear gas while supporters were kettled into tiny bottlenecks with several turnstiles closed. Afterwards, the French government blamed Liverpool's fans. And club chairman Werner has written to French sports minister Oudea-Castera demanding an apology for her comments on Liverpool's fans. The politician had said: “The fact that the Real Madrid club has supervised the coming of its supporters to Paris to such an extent, by scheduling buses from the airport and organising everything from start to finish — which contrasted sharply with what the Liverpool club did, letting its supporters out in the wild — made a huge difference." French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin, who was stood alongside Oudea-Castera at a press conference, had equally provocative comments by justifying the use of tear gas on children to "save lives". He also took a pop at British fans by insisting that these incidents "mostly happen with football and particularly with English clubs.” He said: “There were women and children who were exposed to tear gas because they were being pushed in the crowds against the police or against the fences. The use of tear gas was necessary to free up space, so that people weren’t trampled to death." The reaction from Liverpool has been one of disbelief, including from CEO Billy Hogan who said: “I would just say we are incredibly surprised that someone in that position would make comments in the first place at this point, when we haven’t had adequate time to understand what happened. "We were in complete disbelief when we were made aware of them. I think it’s important that folks know that our chairman, Tom Werner, sent a letter to the French minister to articulate our views and is calling for an apology to our fans for those comments."