The agent of Lazio star Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, former Chelsea striker Mateja Kezman, has denied reports that Manchester United is his ideal summer destination. With two years left on his contract the Italian side are reportedly preparing to cash in, and while Erik ten Hag may be keen to welcome him to Old Trafford, Kezman's comments hardly suggest that the deal is imminent. The Red Devils will be keen to replace Paul Pogba, who once set them back a world record fee but is set to leave for free in a few weeks' time. Milinkovic-Savic fits a similar mould in many ways, bringing the rare combination of height, physicality and flair. The Serbian is a long-term United target, but their interest could kick up a notch this summer with Lazio supposedly willing to do business at around £59million. Foot01 quoted Kezman as saying that both United and Paris Saint-Germain have shown interest. "Sergej has no shortage of offers for the summer transfer window," he is quoted as saying, which he has since denied, "At the moment we are dealing with Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain. He is focused on the end of the season with Lazio, but Sergej wants to go to Manchester." Kezman later told TuttoJuve: "I never said that Sergej wants to go to United, it's Fake News." DON'T MISS: Arsenal can sell three players to fund £40m summer bid for Man City ace Gabriel Jesus While Kezman has backtracked on reports that suggest a move to United could be nailed on for the summer, it is not to say that the Red Devils will not attempt to pull the trigger with Lazio supposedly prepared to offload. Milinkovic-Savic is putting together his most productive season yet, notching 21 goal contributions in 34 Serie A outings under Maurizio Sarri. He has been with Lazio for the past seven years, becoming an integral part of their midfield while racking up at least 40 appearances in each of the last five campaigns. Given his pedigree and price-tag, he would hypothetically arrive at Old Trafford as one of their marquee summer signings given Ten Hag's reported £120m transfer budget. His signature would supposedly eat up half of that amount, but United's incoming Dutchman is supposedly eyeing up economical targets from the Eredivisie that could help to stretch funds. READ MORE: Tottenham's Antonio Conte has top-four fear despite Leicester win Pogba will be followed out of the door by Nemanja Matic this summer among others, so height and physicality will certainly be two high-priority attributes that the Red Devils look for in the transfer market. Milinkovic-Savic is talented in defence and attack, so he could cover that base while also replacing some of the technical ability lost by the likes of Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard, who are also set to depart. Milinkovic-Savic would presumably go straight into the heart of United's team, and Ten Hag is believed to be targeting other players to flesh out the squad. Feyenoord's Tyrell Malacia and Ajax duo Jurrien Timber and Antony are all supposedly in the crosshairs as the 52-year-old plots to scoop up the best talent from his current stomping ground. While there are no obvious hiccups regarding a move for young left-back Malacia, Ajax are reportedly reluctant to let go of Timber and Antony given that they will have only just suffered the hit of losing their coveted manager. Ten Hag, meanwhile, may not want to strain relations immediately after ending a fruitful five-year stint with the club. Signing a striker will also be important for United this summer, and Darwin Nunez has been heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford. Swoops for the Uruguayan and Milinkovic-Savic would eat up most of the summer budget, however, amid claims from interim boss Ralf Rangnick that a sweeping squad overhaul is needed.