The total number of new cases in the UK is now 57 after Scotland reported its first case. Despite the obvious concern around monkeypox given the nation’s history with COVID-19, health chiefs have been keen to reinforce that monkeypox does not spread as easily as Covid. Monkeypox spreads through the transmission of large air droplets which means two people have to be very close together for it to spread. Monkeypox can also be spread from one person to another if the two individuals share a bed. READ MORE: Dementia: A type of meat could cause rapid symptom progression   The disease has not just been limited to the UK, other countries in Europe have seen their own case numbers rise. Meanwhile, the health experts are warning the disease could soon become endemic in Europe just as it has become endemic in Africa. The WHO’s Maria Van Kerkhove said in response to the rising case numbers: “This is a containable situation, particularly in the countries where we are seeing these outbreaks that are happening across Europe, in North America as well. “We can stop human-to-human transmission.”    Health officials are urging the public to be on the look-out for symptoms of monkeypox including:• A high temperature• A headache• Muscle aches• Backache• Swollen glands• Shivering• Exhaustion• A rash. Symptoms of monkeypox traditionally appear five to 21 days after infection. Unlike coronavirus, the Western variant of monkeypox isn’t deadly. Symptoms of the disease normally clear up within two to four weeks. Nevertheless, more attention is moving towards how to reduce the spread of the virus. Fortunately, there is already a vaccine in place to help. Around the world, countries are buying up doses of the smallpox vaccine as this has a high efficacy rating against monkeypox. Furthermore, the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) is recommending all those who have been in contact with someone with monkeypox should self-isolate for three weeks. Recent couples are also being advised to check each other for lesions or rashes before and after engaging in intimate relations. Despite the measures being taken, the risk of becoming infected with monkeypox remains very low.