The Last Kingdom returned to Netflix with season five earlier this year and the latest instalment marked the end of the road for many characters. As it was the final season, it was the last time fans would see Aelswith (played by Eliza Butterworth) on screen. The actress is expected to return to TV soon as she has taken on a new role. Eliza Butterworth left fans in awe after her portrayal of Aelswith in the five seasons of The Last Kingdom. The 29-year-old actress wowed viewers as she made a convincing wife and mother-of-two, who would have been a lot older than the star herself. Her character experienced one of the biggest personality changes in the historical drama. In the final season, she started to show empathy towards other characters and even killed an enemy for the first time. Sadly, Butterworth will not be appearing in the follow-up film, Seven Kings Must Die. READ MORE: What was Alexander Dreymon's toughest scene in The Last Kingdom? This is because she has been living and filming in Tenerife for her new project, A Town Called Malice. The upcoming series, which will air on Sky, is set in 1980s Costa del Sol and it follows a family of petty thieves. The family, from South London, move to Spain to profit from an unexpected windfall. Butterworth plays Carly Lord in the series, which is expected to air in 2023. The star is on Instagram and she has been sharing some behind the scenes updates from filming. Posting a photo of herself in costume, she said: "Bikini Bubba on set filming A Town Called Malice in Tenerife!! "Unbelievable 1980’s costume realness by the sensational @mollyemmarowe and stunning makeup and hair by the utterly fabulous @sophieslotover and @garciajesules xxxxx" In another post from April 2022, she said: "I’ve been living in Tenerife since early February and have been having such a blast filming A Town Called Malice for Sky! "I will be here until the end of June and this is me living my best life as a tourist!" DON'T MISS... How did The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon injure himself? [INSIGHT] Alexander Dreymon girlfriend: Is The Last Kingdom star dating? [EXPLAINER] Why isn't Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth in Seven Kings Must Die? [INSIGHT] The head of the Lord family is Albert Lord (Jason Flemyng) and he is joined by Mint Ma (Martha Plimpton), youngest son Gene Lord (Jack Rowan) and his girlfriend Cindy Carter (Tahirah Sharif). The extended family includes Uncle Tony (Dougray Scott), Leonard Lord (Lex Shrapnel), Kelly Lord (Daniel Sharman) and Anthony Lord (George Jaques). Gene narrowly survives a gangland battle and flees to Spain with his daring fiancé Cindy. But trouble tends to follow the couple and they find themselves caught up with the wrong crowd. The rest of the Lord family decide to relocate to the Costa del Sol as an opportunity to bring back some of their former glory. Little do they know, Gene and Cindy do not want to be involved in the family drama. Butterworth opened up about her time on The Last Kingdom and how she did not realise the show would be so popular with fans. Speaking to HeyUGuys, she said: "I did not feel that in seasons one and two at all. I always knew it was an amazing show. "The actors in The Last Kingdom are just out of this world, the way it was filmed is absolutely stunning. "I always knew it was a quality piece of work and it was so special but I think it didn't really gain the audience we thought it would in the beginning, until about season four. "It just boomed and we were like 'What?!' and all of a sudden the fan base of the whole show just grew like crazy."  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now. A Town Called Malice is expected to air on Sky in 2023.