Breaking news from Hollywood reports that the second Dune film has found its Emperor. The 81st Padishah Emperor Shaddam Corrino IV is the ruler of the known universe, although we suspect he may not still be the most powerful person in it by the time Timothee Chalamet's Paul Atreides is through with him. News is spreading that the iconic actor Christopher Walken will be bringing his unique talents to the key role. The Emperor has not been seen on screen so far in Denis Villeneuve's spectacular adaptation of Frank Herbert's novel. However, he is the hidden figure who has been manipulating events. It has been established that sending House Atreides to take over the planet Dune was actually a ruthless political killing blow. Duke Leto Atreides (Oscar Isaac) suspected it and his fears came to pass when his bitter rival Baron Harkonnen (Stellan Skarsgard) staged a blood-soaked coup with the tacit approval of the Emperor. Shaddam's eldest daughter is also about to enter the fray and casting news already confirmed she will be played by Black Widow star Florence Pugh. The last time Pugh and Chalamet were on-screen together they played eventually married couple Laurie and Amy in the acclaimed 2019 reboot of Little Women. Readers of the book will know the relationship between Chalamet's Paul Atreides and Irulan is very complicated – and Zendaya's Chani is already staking her claim to him. The other exciting piece of new casting is the explosive role of The na-Baron Feyd-Rautha Harkonnen, famously played by Sting in a tiny gold loincloth in the previous 1984 film. DON'T MISSElvis movie: Lisa Marie, Priscilla ‘overcome with emotions, in tears' after preview screening’Priscilla Presley, 76, looks ageless with Elvis actor at Met GalaOscar Isaac rejected Freddie Mercury Bohemian Rhapsody role Feyd is the evil Baron's younger nephew but his principal heir. He is a deadly fighter and quite possibly as unhinged and ruthless as the rest of his charming family. The role will be taken in Dune Part Two by Austin Butler. The 30-year-old actor is about to make his big-screen bow as Elvis Presley in Baz Luhrmann's upcoming biopic of The King. Filming on the second Dune movie is expected to start this autumn with an October 2023 release date. As well as Chalamet and Zendaya, Rebecca Ferguson will be back as Lady Jessica, with Javier Bardem as Stilgar, Josh Brolin as Gurney Halleck and Dave Bautista as Rabban. ORIGINAL STORY IN DEADLINE 