Tina Brown, ex-editor of Vanity Fair and author of the recently published The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor, the Truth and the Turmoil, slammed Prince Andrew for having the “worst judgement” about people. She claimed that “Epstein made Prince Andrew feel important” and swindled him with “all this money”. She went on to claim the Queen’s second was “pathetic”. Speaking to Andrew Marr on LBC, Ms Brown claimed: “[Prince Andrew’s] got the worst judgement about people, because he only mixes really with people who want something from him as royal gravitas. “This is likely to mean that they are basically themselves dubious and that's, of course, how he got sucked into the Epstein web through his friend Ghislaine Maxwell. “He has no judgement, Andrew, he is in a way naive. You know, Epstein kind of made Andrew feel important. He made him feel part of the big time. “Andrew never felt part of the big time. He would have the classic number, you know, son number two’s kind of inferiority feelings. Deservedly so. “Epstein had all this money, big deals. You know he really suckered Andrew in and Andrew thought he was his friend. I mean, that's what was really, in a sense, pathetic, actually.” Since the death of Jeffrey Epstein in 2019, Prince Andrew has made repeated statements about the disgraced financier. In a bombshell interview with Emily Maitlis in November 2019, in which the pair discussed allegations that Prince Andrew had been sexually involved with Virginia Guiffre, the Prince said he did not regret his friendship with Epstein. Following outrage over the interview, the Queen’s second son stepped down from royal duties. He wrote in a statement: "I have asked Her Majesty if I may step back from public duties for the foreseeable future, and she has given her permission.” READ MORE: Prince Andrew set to lose out to William and Kate as Duke's plans for [REVEAL]   And at the start of this year, Buckingham Palace confirmed that the Prince’s military titles and patronages had been returned to the Queen. The move was made as Prince Andrew became embroiled in a civil case with Ms Guiffre over the alleged incident in London. An official statement said: "With The Queen's approval and agreement, The Duke of York’s military affiliations and Royal patronages have been returned to The Queen. “The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen.” Prince Andrew and Ms Guiffre eventually settled out of court, with the Prince admitting that he “regrets his association with Epstein”. DON'T MISS: Charles to decide Andrew's fate on title as Queen fears it's 'hurtful' [REVEAL]Prince Andrew's access to Queen making royals 'extremely nervous'[REPORT]Prince Andrew 'should be stripped' of York dukedom – POLL [POLL]  Prince Andrew and Epstein reportedly met in 1999, having been introduced by British socialite Ghislaine Maxwell, who was then the financier’s girlfriend. She has since been found guilty of several counts related to her role in Epstein's sexual abuse of young women. The Queen’s second son and Epstein were photographed together in Central Park in 2010, after Epstein had been released from prison. The financier had pleaded guilty to the solicitation of prositution involving a minor and served 13 months in prison.   