Denise Fox (played by Diane Parish) and Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) are one of Walford’s most secure couples but that could be about to change after a conversation between the salon owner, Kim Fox (Tameka Empson), Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold) and Honey Mitchell (Emma Barton) in Monday’s instalment of EastEnders. Lola discovered her boyfriend Isaac Baptiste (Stevie Basaula) had cheated on her when he uploaded a picture of himself with another woman on social media. The mum-of-one was devastated and matters were made worse when Honey couldn’t resist singing Jay’s praises. In the cafe, Denise told her sister: “I asked Patrick earlier you don’t think this is one of his schizophrenia episodes?” “Please,” Kim hit back. “The only episode this is is the episode in his trousers.” Read more: EastEnders theory: Zack Hudson arrested over Jada lies “Well I just don’t know how I’m going to tell Lola,” Denise remarked. Storming over, Lola asked: “So it’s true?” “Okay darling,” Denise said. “You’re not the only one who saw the photo. I rang Patrick and the thing is….” Cutting her sister off, Kim revealed: “He’s met someone else.” Denise told the heartbroken mum Isaac doesn’t plan to return to Walford.  “I’m so sorry,” the salon owner continued. “Apparently Sheree’s mate’s got a daughter and Sheree has been pushing Isaac and this [girl].” “That’s men for you, dogs,” Kim swiped as Honey Mitchell (Emma Barton) overheard and questioned who they were talking about. Kim told Honey about Isaac’s infidelity with Lola fuming at her boyfriend for not telling her the truth himself. “It’s always the quiet ones,” Kim quipped but Honey hit back: “Not all of them actually Kim I mean there’s Jay.” DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Linda loses everything after Janine frames her [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Beloved icon exits in Jubilee celebration plot [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Stacey Slater finds happiness with Walford resident [SPOILER] Kim then began to list the men in her life who had let her down. She added: “You had Vincent with Ronnie Mitchell. Now I don’t want to speak ill of the dead but knowing her she’s crawled her way into his grave and then Ray kissing my own sister. “I know she scrubs up well for her age but…” Honey stepped in to remind Lola that she will find love again but at no point did Denise mention her husband Jack. “Lola, I know you’re hurting right now I did when Billy cheated and Adam as well but then Jay found each other and he’s nothing like that,” Honey said.  “I’m telling you,” Kim exclaimed and Lola agreed: “I’m done with men.” As Kim cried out “dogs” Denise remained silent while Lola stormed off. Could Denise’s unwillingness to mention her marriage to Jack be a sign she’s not happy? EastEnders fans will know couples in Walford don’t stay trouble-free for long and this could be the beginning of Denise worrying something isn’t right with her marriage. Will Jack betray his wife and embark on an affair leaving Kim to pick up the pieces for her sister? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.