Connor McPartland, 20, and Martin Treacy, 18, have been jailed for life after a court heard they punched and kicked Ali Asghar in the street. Mr Asghar had stopped his Mercedes to challenge the drunken louts when Treacy tucked into a takeaway chicken burger and chips. The cabbie, 39, was pushed over, hit his head on the wheel of his own car and died two weeks later. Sentencing at Manchester Crown Court today, Judge Alan Conrad QC said: "Ali Asghar was 39-years-old when he had the misfortune to meet you two, a pair of drunken and entitled louts. "He was a hardworking and decent man, carrying out a valuable public service to provide for his family. By your drunken violence over the period of a few minutes you have ruined your lives, but that is as nothing in comparison with the damage you have done to others by your savage and brutal behaviour." Mr Asghar, described as a "true gentleman" in court, had picked up the friends in Oldham, Greater Manchester, before taking them to nearby Rochdale where they planned to meet some girls and then head to a Halloween party. But McPartland made a spelling error on the Uber app, reports Manchester Evening News, and Mr Asghar took them to another location in Rochdale. Mr Asghar's brother Azhar Ali said his sibling's face was "unrecognisable" when he went to visit him in hospital after the attack on October 30, 2021. He only realised it was his brother on a stretcher after recognising his shoes. Mr Ali told of the devastation that his sibling's death has caused to their family in the UK and in their native Pakistan. He revealed he couldn't bear to tell their mother in Pakistan of her son's death and lied to her at first. He waited until weeks later to reveal the news, when his body was flown to Pakistan. A "huge part" of their mother died with her son, said Mr Ali.   Addressing his brother's killers, Mr Ali said: "How could anybody do this to an innocent person for something that was a mistake made by the attackers themselves? He sustained so many injuries as a result of the attack and then they left him there to die like his life had no meaning at all. "I am totally broken and will never be able to get those images and thoughts out of my head. My family and I want justice for Ali’s untimely death, we miss him beyond comprehension. "He was our family’s hope, support and we want to know why those responsible who didn’t even know him, murdered him for no reason whatsoever."  McPartland and Treacy, who both had no previous convictions, will be in their 30s when they are considered for release. McPartland will serve a minimum of 14-and-a-half years, and Treacy a minimum of 13-and-a-half years. Mr Asghar was one of six children, and was born in Pakistan. He studied there and set up a computer business before moving to the UK about a decade ago to support his family. Mr Ali said their mother had felt "reassured" the UK was a safe place to live. "Every day my mum tortures herself for agreeing to let Ali go to the UK and the fact that he worked so hard to give his parents and family a better life," Mr Ali said. "Even the day before he was assaulted, he told me, I am very happy with my life, as I have managed to complete and achieve all of my major goals in life and can now finally relax and take it easy, but this was not to be. "No human deserved to suffer and die as my brother did, and those responsible should be held to account for their crimes and the severest punishment given."  Mr Asghar, from Rochdale, had jobs delivering leaflets and a stint in McDonald's before finding work as a taxi driver. His brother said he worked "insane" hours, often only sleeping for two hours in a day, to work to support himself and send money to his family in Pakistan. McPartland and Treacy, both from Oldham, were both found guilty of murder after a trial. Treacy had admitted manslaughter. The judge said he accepted that they had not intended to kill Mr Asghar, and that the attack was not premeditated. He also took their age into account when passing sentence. He also praised another taxi driver who tried to intervene, and gave him a £500 reward for his public spirited actions. Defending Treacy, Jaime Hamilton QC said: "In many ways this is a young man who may have never troubled the courts were it not for the circumstances that arose that night." Mark Rhind QC said McPartland is 'ashamed and embarrassed' of his behaviour and understands the devastation he has caused. After the hearing, Senior Investigating Officer Phil Reade, of Greater Manchester Police's Public Protection and Serious Crime Division, said: "The senseless actions of Treacy and McPartland that morning were utterly despicable and led to a family losing a much loved son and brother. "These two men are clearly violent individuals and I am relieved that they are now off our streets and have time to think about their actions and the hurt and sorrow they have caused. The judge today highly commended the taxi driver for his actions in attempting to save Ali’s life and I’d also like to thank him for his bravery."  