The King of Rock and Roll died upstairs at Graceland and to this day it’s off-limits to the public. However, Elvis Presley’s private area is still perfectly preserved at his daughter Lisa Marie’s request. It’s the job of Director of Archives Angie Marchese to maintain Elvis’ bedroom and other rooms just as he left it. Speaking in an Instagram Q&A last year, Angie said: “So the one thing about Graceland and its mystique is the upstairs and the fact that it was Elvis’ private area.” “So no one is allowed to go upstairs.” However, the archivist did reveal a few secrets for fans. She said: “It looks as if he just got up and left.” READ MORE: Elvis: His final hour and the desperate attempts to revive him The Elvis expert continued: “It is part of my job to maintain it. “So we do go up there to maintain the space. “The record on the record player is the last record he listened to. “There’s a styrofoam cup that sits on a bookshelf.” As for his bedroom, Angie added: “The bed is made, so we really maintain it the way that Lisa wants us to preserve it. “So, unfortunately, [fans] can’t see it, but it is taken care of.” The Graceland archivist even revealed the last record Elvis listened to, since it’s still on the record player. She said it was a fresh recording of JD Sumner and the Stamps. DON'T MISSElvis Presley: The Colonel ‘pushed The King to his LIMIT’ in Las Vegas [INTERVIEW]Elvis Presley’s UNBELIEVABLE hours when working in Las Vegas [DAY IN THE LIFE]Elvis Presley became ‘really eccentric with guns’ after death threat [INTERVIEW] Sumner was an American gospel singer known for his bass vocals and The Stamps ended up singing at The King’s funeral. Elvis was a big fan of Christian gospel music, a genre he often sung himself. The Graceland archivist continued: “It was a recording that they had just done in the studio that they had sent to Elvis. “I’ve never actually played it, so I don’t know the song that’s on it.” She added: “The label on it just has the recording date on it that just says ‘The Stamps.’ Later on in the video, her cameraperson pointed out the stairs near the kitchen. Angie revealed: “These stairs here actually lead up to the main landing, which would take you to Elvis’ bedroom. And this is how Elvis would come down to the kitchen. “He would come down these stairs and come and make himself at home here in the kitchen.”