Zara Tindall, 41, is one of the most active royals, who even took part in the Norfolk Houghton International horse trials over the weekend. But what diet does she follow?  Sarah Campus, a personal trainer, health and fitness expert and founder of LDN MUMS FITNESS, spoke to Express.co.uk about Zara’s equestrian training. She said: “Riding physically strengthens the body, especially the core. “It's a full body workout and helps to increase our balance and improves our posture. “It's likely that your posture out of the saddle will improve the more regularly you ride.” Sarah explained: “As an athlete and former Olympic silver medallist, Zara, has always been in tune with what it takes to get her body into peak physical condition. “Even now, Zara appears to have maintained many of those foundational habits formed during her years as a competitive athlete. “Zara and Mike have an extensive gym installed in their estate home.  “She likes to squeeze in a quick workout in their home gym before her kids wake up – with her preference being to jump on an exercise bike for a spin. “During her peak equestrian eventing days, Zara had to ‘work hard’ on her fitness, which included riding up to eight horses a day. “At that time, Zara’s regimen also included swimming and cycling for fitness, strength and endurance.” Does the royal follow any specific diet plan to help maintain her figure?  Sarah added: “Zara follows two very simple food rules to stay on track. “Namely, limiting carbohydrates and sugar as much as possible. “She doesn’t diet but tries to eat well and not to eat too many carbohydrates or sugary things. “A typical plate of her is chock full of fresh and wholesome foods that are laden with protein, vitamins and nutrients.  “Zara tends to start the day at 7am with a simple breakfast of Greek yoghurt and honey. “This would carry her through to lunchtime, where she’d enjoy a fuss-free “simple” meal, like soup and a sandwich or eggs and toast. “Healthy home-cooked meals are Zara’s preference at dinner time. “Her husband Mike Tindall confirmed that Zara is ‘an awesome cook’, and ‘does all the cooking in the house’.” 