Ukraine has successfully hit two areas of a Russian military site in recent footage uploaded to social media. The footage shows a Ukrainian tank using the air-launched ground attack Brimstone missile supplied by the UK. The tank is seen driving down a dirt track before firing into a base several hundred metres away. The direct hit caused two explosions on the Russian site, causing significant damage.    James Heappey, under-secretary of state for the Armed Forces, confirmed that “hundreds” of Brimstone missiles would be sent to Ukraine at the end of April. Each missile costs £175,000 and came into service in 2005, with an updated version supplied to the Royal Air Force in 2016. Using laser-seeking guidance or autonomous targeting, the “fire and forget” missile strikes its target unaided after launch. It is used by the RAF, as well as the air forces of Germany and Saudi Arabia, with Qatar set to use the weapon in the future.    Meanwhile, more than 250 Ukrainian fighters were evacuated from the Azovstal steelworks in Mariupol after weeks of devastating Russian bombing. Enemy forces had used thermite-based incendiary bombs over the week, according to video footage, in a final attempt to force a Ukrainian surrender. Buses were seen leaving the steelworks this morning, where defenders had held out in a complex of bunkers and tunnels. Five coaches carrying severely injured Ukrainian soldiers were taken to the Russian-held town of Novoazovsk, where Moscow said the wounded would be treated. READ MORE: Russian sonar may be leading to mass dolphin deaths in the Black Sea [INSIGHT]  The surrender is a rare victory for President Vladmir Putin amid what has been a faltering campaign. What will happen to the fighters was unclear, although the Kremlin said Putin had personally guaranteed the prisoners would be treated according to international standards. The complete capture of the besieged port city affords Russia total control of the sea of Azov coast and an unbroken stretch of eastern and southern Ukraine. Ukraine said it believes tens of thousands of people were killed during the months of Russian bombardment of Mariupol. DON'T MISS: Panicked Putin's puppet warns invasion of Eastern Ukraine has 'failed' [REVEAL]Germany slaps down Turkey's NATO objections [REPORT] Orban hits out at UK over weapons supply to Ukraine [REVEAL]  Russia said at least 256 Ukrainian fighters had “laid down their arms and surrendered” today, including 51 severely wounded. But elsewhere, Russian forces have continued to struggle against Ukrainian resistance. Enemy troops reportedly retreated from the outskirts of Kharkiv in the northeast following weeks of brutal fighting. And on the international front, Swedish Prime Minister Magdalena Andersson said Sweden and Finland will tomorrow hand in their respective applications to join NATO, abandoning their long-standing policy of neutrality over concerns about Putin's wider intentions.   