Brenda Blethyn has played leading lady DCI Stanhope in Vera since it began in 2011. At first, she was joined by her sidekick Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon) until he left the ITV show in 2014. He was promptly replaced by Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) who has remained by the detective's side ever since. Series 11 of the hit cop drama was put on hold last year due to the pandemic, which meant bosses had to spread out when the six episodes would air on ITV. The first four instalments have already been shown, although, fans are still patiently waiting for the final episodes to air. Despite the delay, Brenda and the cast have been spotted filming for series 12 in Newcastle. Production for the drama is due to finish in the autumn time, according to show bosses. READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines The cast often keeps their fans and followers updated about the show. In his most recent post, Kenny paid a moving tribute to Brenda and the cast as he confirmed they were taking a break. In view of his 27,000 followers, the actor penned: "And that’s a wrap for a little while on Vera. "Congratulations to our amazingly hard-working & talented crew…. But especially my buddy Brenda & cast." He concluded: "Enjoy your breaks & see you soon for more filming! Keep safe X." (sic) The Aiden Healy star also shared a post on Instagram. Along with a selfie of himself, Kenny told his followers: "Wrapped & on my way home! "2 amazing eps in the can. A much-deserved break for cast & crew. Keep safe X #vera." (sic) Kenny's followers were quick to reply to the post, with many praising the actor. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon [CAST]Bradley Walsh issues warning to The Chase player during tense round [VIDEO]Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [INSIGHT] "Enjoy your break Kenny best program on TV," Gazza replied. Amanda said: "Brilliant, can't wait for another Vera series. Love all the cast." While Steve added: "Enjoy your break, thank you all for working so hard on such a brilliant programme." "Thank you, all! I look forward to every new episode of Vera - it is great TV," George praised. Kenny's co-star Riley Jones, who plays Mark Edwards, also gave his followers an update on series 12. Sharing a picture of a police car from the Vera set, the actor wrote: "That’s a wrap on another brilliant Ep of #Vera. "Sitting on the train back to London thinking how lucky I am to work on such an amazing show with some of the best people around! "Life can be really hard and we have to take these positives when we can. Be kind to yourself folks." Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.