You can afford to take a more casual approach towards work and other responsibilities. It helps that you have been working so hard lately you’re on top of everything. You’ve always been a hard worker but it’s important to have a rewarding personal life, too. An issue that is causing you to lock horns with someone could drag on for quite some time. You will find yourself up against an equally as obstinate person as you. Do some more research and you could discover something that will help you bring this argument to a swift ending. Someone’s comments don’t sit well with your main beliefs and principles but don’t let this upset you. Maintain your poise and agree that everyone has a right to their own opinion and yours happens to differ considerably from theirs. Refuse to be drawn into arguments over politics or religion.  A recent upsetting incident has made you feel insecure but what happens when you cling too tightly to someone? You could drive them away. In family relationships and close friendships, balance is the key. Curb a possessive tendency. Just because someone appreciates their freedom it doesn’t mean they don’t care for you. If you are new to your job, take this opportunity to learn all aspects of your industry. The more you know, the more confident you will feel and the less likelihood there will be of you making mistakes. Talks within the family could inspire you to want to discover more about your family history. Dreaming of what could be if only will not get you anywhere. People will respect you more when they see you are being assertive. Set goals and push forward to the place you want to be. If you can conceive it you can achieve it.  You prefer peaceful relationships but you also believe in fairness for all and currently, someone isn’t being fair on you at all. You’ve been too helpful and too kind and they are now taking advantage of your good nature. It is time to make a stand. Obligations to family and friends are starting to feel suffocating. You may have to reduce some of your responsibilities and this may mean telling someone you aren’t willing to assume their challenges any longer. Their reaction should not make you feel guilty. You’ve done enough for them already. You could do with some help to complete a project. This may not be available right now. It may seem unfair to have to continue to shoulder this burden alone but the positive consequences will be that you hare teaching yourself new skills through a long process of trial and error.  Spending time with the same people, doing the same things in the same old places is starting to get boring. Activities you used to enjoy are starting to lose their charm. What you could really do with now is to find new ways to express your creativity. Exercise and efforts to keep fit can help ease stress and tension. Instead of reminding yourself of all the things you should be doing, think of what makes you happy. No one should be a slave to responsibility. Whether it is a gourmet meal, a walk in the park or a spa treatment, find ways to relax. An impressive accomplishment put you in a better position to negotiate a raise. An envious colleague will make some snide remarks. Don’t let this bother you. Their immature behaviour will impress no one and will only show them up for being resentful and angry. 