Eliza Butterworth and Alexander Dreymon will thankfully be returning for one last time in Netflix’s upcoming feature film, Seven Kings Must Die. However, the fifth season of The Last Kingdom may be the last time fans will get to see some of their favourite characters from the series, and Eliza has opened up about how intense it was to watch Alexander perform one of his last scenes as Uhtred of Bebbanburg. Aelswith star Eliza has described the final season of The Last Kingdom as heart-breaking for anyone who may not have tuned into the last 10 episodes just yet. The English actress has been part of the core cast since the beginning, having been promoted to a main cast member after her impressive turn in season one. Shortly after the last outing dropped on Netflix last month, Eliza is still processing the feeling of bringing such a beloved show to an end after more than half a decade on screens. She remarked: “If someone could ask me to sum up the season in five words, I’ll be like, ‘Your heart will be broken’.” READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money The fifth season brought an end to several fan-favourite characters, such as Uhtred’s forbidden love Aethelflaed (Millie Brady) who succumbed to breast cancer. Viewers also said goodbye to the likes of Aelflaed (Amelia Clarkson), Brida (Emily Cox) and even the fierce warrior Sigtryggr (Eysteinn Sigurðarson) during the epic final battle. In the wake of so many shocking deaths, it’s no surprise Eliza thought the fifth and final outing for The Last Kingdom was the most devastating instalment of the series yet. “That’s how this season will make you feel,” she continued. “We were asked a lot, ‘Sum up the season in five words’. And I’d be like, ‘Ummm.' “You know, the death, the anguish. But it would literally be ‘Your heart will be broken’ because mine was! And I was like ‘Ahhh!’ I couldn’t handle it.” Although Eliza and Alexander will return in the upcoming feature film, the Aelswith actress also had to say goodbye to several crucial members of the cast well before the show’s fans got the chance. Even so, it was still difficult for her to watch Alexander perform his last sequences as Uhtred for the mainline Netflix series. DON'T MISS:Eamonn Holmes defends France for betrayal of Falklands vets [VIDEO]Law and Order: SVU set for upheaval after showrunner exits [LATEST]NCIS LA season 13: Callen and Anna romance dealt huge blow [SPOILERS] Eliza told The Screen Chronicles podcast: “Everybody, we’re a big family, I know everybody. “So, it’s just… like, seeing Alexander at the end as Uhtred and knowing, like, ‘Woah, that’s one of the last times he’s going to stand there and do that.’ “And I just got the shivers. It was just ‘Bam!’ and it was so upsetting but also beautiful. “I was just awash with love for this show and everybody that’s come before it. It was a beautiful tribute to all the phenomenal characters that we’ve so loved, like Alfred and Aethelwold. I couldn’t take it.” Season five certainly ended on a high for Uhtred even if the same couldn’t be said for some of his allies in the fight to restore peace to England. After finally becoming Lord of Northumbria, he looked out on his home of Bebbanburg and reflected on all the struggles leading him to this point. While the main five seasons may have concluded on a poignant note, there is still plenty of action to come when Uhtred returns for his last quest to bring the series to an epic close. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix.