Stranger Things is back on Netflix tomorrow, May 27 and the latest season marks the last leg of the journey. Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) moved from Hawkins to California after losing her powers, meaning her friends are in even more danger. A number of new characters are being introduced this season, including Eddie Munson (Joseph Quinn). Eddie is the Dungeon Master for the Hawkins High Dungeons and Dragons group, known as The Hellfire Club. He took Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) and Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard) under his wing in their freshman year. Eddie finds himself caught up in the middle of a horrifying event and he relies on Dustin and the rest of the gang for support. Eddie is played by Joseph Quinn, a 29-year-old British actor known for his roles in Dickensian, Howards End and Game of Thrones. He most recently played Billy Knight in BBC One's Strike. Matt Duffer said he gave an "amazing performance", adding: "Eddie is looked down upon and feared in a lot of ways by other Hawkins students. "But he offers a place where Dustin and Mike can feel at home."  Yuri is a Russian smuggler whose sense of humour is not to everyone's taste. He cannot always be trusted as he knows how to win people over to get his own way. Yuri is played by Nikola Djuricko, a 47-year-old Serbian actor known for the movie Poslednji krug u Monci. READ MORE: Stranger Things star opens up on ‘challenge’ of dark Max storyline Argyle is Jonathan Byers' (Charlie Heaton) new best friend and he is known for his carefree lifestyle. He is a delivery worker for Surfer Boy Pizza and is not prepared for what is to come. Argyle is played by Eduardo Franco, a 27-year-old American actor and comedian. He is best known for his roles in American Vandal and Booksmart. Ross Duffer said of the character: "Argyle is your quintessential 80s stoner. "Even though this is an overall darker season, there’s also comedy. There’s still fun to be had throughout the adventures this year."  Dmitri is a Russian prison guard who befriends Jim Hopper (David Harbour). His charm and intelligence wins everyone over but he may not be the best person to trust. He is played by Tom Wlaschiha, a German actor best known for playing Hagen Forster in Das Boot and Jaqen H'ghar in Game of Thrones. Chrissy is the lead cheerleader at Hawkins High and she lives a seemingly perfect life as a popular student. However, her life is not what it seems as she is keeping a dark secret from her peers. She is played by Grace Van Dien, a 25-year-old American actress known for her roles in The Village and Greenhouse Academy.  Jason is the handsome jock at Hawkins High and he is dating Chrissy this season. As a new evil threatens Hawkins, his world begins to fall apart right in front of his eyes. Jason is played by Mason Dye, a 27-year-old American actor known for his roles in Teen Wolf and Flowers in the Attic. The actor said on Instagram: "Incredibly honoured and grateful to be joining the cast of @strangerthingstv. "It is a dream come true. Can’t wait for you guys to see this!" DON'T MISS... Stranger Things season 4: Noah Schnapp teases Will Byers death [INSIGHT] Stranger Things season 3 recap: 5 key plot twists ahead of season 4 [EXPLAINER] Is this the last season of Stranger Things? [INSIGHT] Ms Kelly is the guidance counsellor at Hawkins High who cares deeply for her students. The popular staff member is played by Regina Ting Chen, an actress and producer who has previously starred in Queen of the South and The Falcon and the Winter Soldier. The star attended the season four premiere for Stranger Things and she said on Instagram: "Absolutely LOVED the Stranger Things 4 World Premiere! "My very first premiere and surely not the last. A night to remember! You guys are IN FOR A RIDE!!! Humbling to be surrounded by the best of the best! "Thank you to my incredible team for making this glam happen." [Sic] Angela is the school bully who picks Eleven as her target, trying to make her life hell. The student is played by Elodie Orkin, who has previously starred in Stage Fright. Of course, the whole gang will be returning alongside the newcomers, including Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder) and Lucas Sinclair (Caleb McLaughlin). Also returning are Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer), Will Byers (Noah Schnapp), Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink), Steve Harrington (Joe Keery) and Robin Buckley (Maya Hawke). Ross Duffer concluded: "With both the Byers [family] and Eleven out of Hawkins, we’re left with an interesting remaining group. "We’re able to have some really fun character dynamics. We get to combine characters we haven’t seen interact much in the past. "And we still have more Dustin and Steve, because we can’t write Stranger Things anymore without some Dustin and Steve bickering, bonding, and growth."  Stranger Things season 4 arrives on Netflix on May 27.