Meghan Markle’s father, Thomas Markle, has reportedly suffered a stroke and is staying in a Californian hospital. The news broke last week with GB News presenter Dan Wootton announcing on Tuesday that the 77-year-old was receiving “urgent medical treatment” in hospital.  He is said to have lost the ability to talk after the incident and will be unable to travel to the UK to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee as planned. Following the news of Mr Markle’s stroke, Tom Bower, a journalist working on Meghan’s biography, urged the duchess to visit her father. He said: “Meghan has always said that she's a very compassionate person. “And if compassion was at all necessary right now, it would mean she would go to her father's bedside, about two and a half hours' drive south of where she lives, and give him some comfort and reassurance. We wait to see what happens.”  In a poll that ran from 11am on Thursday, May 26, to 11am on Monday, May 30, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Meghan Markle visit her father in hospital?” A total of 6,900 people responded with the overall response, gaining 87 percent (5,990 people), being “yes”, Meghan should visit her father in hospital. A further 11 percent (747 people) said “no”, she should not while two percent (163 people) said they did not know either way. In the hundreds of comments left below the accompanying article readers shared their thoughts on Meghan visiting her father.  One reader, username scotslassie, said: “No daughter should have to be urged to visit their dad who is ill in hospital.” Username Coyote said: “If she needs encouragement then it's probably best that she doesn't go. She should have rushed to his bedside at the news of his illness as all other daughters would do.” And username Ssmnf321 wrote: “If Megan wanted to visit her dad, she would have already…” Meghan’s half-sister, Samantha Markle, spoke on Good Morning Britain on Monday, May 30, and claimed in an interview with presenters Richard Madeley and Charlotte Hawkins that Meghan has never tried to make contact with her paternal side of the family, even after her father's stroke. Samantha and her brother Thomas Markle Jr are caring for their father after his incident.  Many readers agreed that Meghan should make the two-hour drive to visit her father. Username MAS51 said: “He gave her life. She should go to him, apologise and spend time with him during what might be the end of his life.” Username L65 said: “She should put their differences behind her and visit him…she may not get another chance. Time to do the right thing.” Another, username Tgs5995, wrote: “She should have been there to see him by now.” DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry tipped for HUGE Queen olive branch with 'surprise balcony appearance' [LATEST]'Don't give a f*** about Jubilee' Calls for 'Scottish republic' grow ahead of bank holiday [UPDATE]She makes him melt! Kate Middleton branded Prince William's 'saviour behind closed doors' [INSIGHT]  Meghan and her father have had a strained relationship since her wedding to Prince Harry in 2018, and some respondents said they believed she should have tried to repair her relationship with her father sooner. Username Ssmnf321 said: “Meghan should have visited him years ago.” And username Milly_Jones said: “Should've well made effort to see her own father while he was fit and well.” However, username Mars said: “Meghan should not go and see him until he makes a public apology to her and Harry.” Journalist India Knight wrote about Meghan’s decision for The Sunday Times: “Is it awful not to visit your estranged father after he’s had a stroke? I don’t think it is, actually. “Nobody estranges themselves from their parents lightly, or on a whim: the usual reason is emotional self-protection.” She continued: “A person has every right to cut another person out of their life, even if that other person is a parent.”