The Rip Off Britain team said they had been flooded with questions from anxious British tourists. The Passport Office has said applications are delayed due to a huge pandemic backlog. Simon said: “There are people getting passports, passports produced and delivered within about three, possibly four weeks. “And it’s quite straightforward. If you are looking for a summer trip, July onwards say then just go for an online application. “That’s the way to do it. If you do an online application it doesn’t touch the sides. “Nobody needs to get involved. It goes through pretty automatically and after three weeks, certainly the people I’ve talked to on social media, they are getting their forms back. READ MORE: Jet2 slaps ‘violent’ brothers with lifetime ban and 50k bill “Where it goes wrong is if you make a mistake, so try not to do that, and also on the photo. “I have been to my local hypermarket which has a passport photo location, they take a picture of you.” Simon joked that when people look like their passport photo, it’s time to stop travelling as he held up his own image. He added: “You’ve got that photo. They will on the spot upload it to the Government site to make sure it’s ok and offer you a code. “So you just tap in the code with your application. Get everything right and there’s a very good chance you’ll get it back in three weeks.” Simon said that the priority service for passports was no longer working well in the current situation. He said: “It’s something we all used to know. Throw money at theproblem and in a week get a same day, if you’re prepared to pay £177, that’s not working. “Every day, several times a day, I check for appointments and there are none. “Occasionally one comes up and somebody grabs it but frankly it’s not worth bothering with.” Simon Calder said British tourists would have to wait for the 10 week period advised by the Passport Office. He said: “As soon as you’re up to 10 weeks, which is two and a half months, that seems absurd anyway, then you can call the Passport Advice line, demand that you get fast-tracked. “They could well offer you an appointment at a Passport Office.” Simon said the advice line had been a “real disaster” for some people with long wait times for customers. He added that people could contact their MP if the situation was really desperate as they have a “direct line” to the Home Office. An MP might be able to help their constituents with passport applications if tourists urgently need to travel. Simon said people could also apply for special treatment if they needed to travel for a funeral. The expert said that travellers could ask for compensation if they were provided the wrong information by the Passport Office.