After having hopes for a royal roaster quenched by predictions for a regal washout, Britons are facing near-freezing temperatures. Battling Atlantic pressure systems this week threaten heavy downpours, thunder and even a touch of hill snow.  The gloomy weather will arrive as Britain is swallowed by a huge area of low-pressure ploughing in from the northeast. Weathertrending meteorologist John Hammond said: “What had been flagged up as a promising run-in to the Jubilee celebrations now looks cool and unsettled. “A subtle shift to the west of high pressure in the Atlantic will allow a chilly area of low pressure to tumble in from the northeast, bringing some sharp showers, limited brightness and suppressed temperatures.” Temperatures will start to fall today as showers set in under low pressure engulfing the country.   Netweather’s Ian Simpson said: “From Monday, it turns cool and showery with a northerly outbreak, followed by milder temperatures and lighter winds towards mid-week. “Monday through to Wednesday looks cool and showery with slackening winds as a weak area of low pressure establishes over the north of Britain. “Temperatures will remain on the cool side overnight, particularly where skies clear, but they will tend to recover during the daytime.” The chilly plunge will bite down from the north during the next couple of days bringing May to a shivering end. High pressure will shift from the UK making the end of spring feel more like the start of autumn.   Chilly northerly gusts could hold out through the rest of the week putting an icy dampener on the royal knees-up, Mr Hammond warned. While a change in weather patterns before the Jubilee could nudge thermostats to ‘comfortable’, showers will be harder to dodge, he added. He said: “Big uncertainties are emerging through the Bank Holiday Weekend. “Dry weather can’t be guaranteed at this stage, and there’s a small chance of a fresh plunge of chillier air from the north. “But more likely is that between the showers, while not exactly warm, outdoor events will feel comfortable enough.” Britain’s chaotic weather is being driven by pressure systems vying in the Atlantic, with low pressure threatening rain and high pressure promising warmth.   However, weather models have struggled to stay on track plunging meteorologists into a forecasting nightmare. The Met Office’s Aidan McGivern said: “Some computer models suggest that low pressure will drift our way bringing more widespread showers, while other computer models suggest that low doesn’t come anywhere near us. “At the start of the week, high pressure to the northwest will bring chance of showers especially in the east. “It will be cool in the east, with the driest, brightest and warmest weather towards the west. “Later in the week, there will be higher pressure towards the northwest, with light winds and temperatures recovering after a below-average start to the week.” While meteorologists warn predictions may change between now and the weekend, most agree a scorcher is off.   Thursday and Friday threaten the worst of any deluge, with the latter part of the weekend shaping up better. Britons planning picnics and other outdoor events should keep ‘looking over their shoulders’, forecasters warn. British Weather Services meteorologist Jim Dale said: “It is still early days, but the models appear to point towards unsettled conditions over the Jubilee weekend. “It might not be a complete washout, but nor are we expecting a scorcher.   “Things turn unsettled towards mid-week and this looks likely to continue through the first two days of the Jubilee weekend. “But there is a chance of a more pleasant outlook during the second two days. “That said, there will always be the risk of showers, and you should keep looking over your shoulder for the weather to change at short notice.” 