Cosmetic procedures are being common practice amongst family and friend groups, with the number of people seeking lifts, tucks, implants and tweakments having risen dramtically over the past few years. Many people want to alter how they look and see quick fixes in a bid to jump on beauty trends and chase after enternal youth. Express.co.uk spoke to Harley Street Skin Expert, Lorena Öberg about botox and fillers, the results they can achieve, and the signs of a “really good practicitioner” if you’re considering going under the needle. Lorena explained the difference between botox and fillers: “Botulinum toxin and Filler work together but are completely different things. “Botox works by paralysing the muscles so that our lines look less defined and as a preventative measure. “By using botulinum toxin before lines such as crow's feet form, you can cheat time. No squinting means no crow's feet. “Filler on the other hand is used to replace loss of volume on the face that happens with time. Think of it as replacing the fat that you've lost with age. “Fillers are fantastic to make you look younger and more refreshed. READ MORE: 'Beatuty on ice': Harness the power of ice tech to look younger now “An experienced practitioner can take five years off in a one hour procedure." As for what the best age is to get botox or fillers, Lorena said: “This depends, a lot of people start using botulinum toxin in their 30s before fine lines become a problem. “There is no harm in using fillers to tastefully enhance facial features even at a young age. “However, it is people over 40 that really see the benefits of fillers from an anti-ageing point of view.” For those looking to look younger, there are a few areas which Lorena suggests targeting. DON'T MISS...Queen’s favourite sandwich she's had ‘for every afternoon tea’ [ROYAL CHEF]Weight loss: Caffeine can ‘make it easier to lose weight’ [EXPERT]Prince Harry ‘better suited to take over monarchy’ compared to William [CLAIM] “My favourite areas are the cheeks and cheekbones,” she explained. “If you have a limited budget this is where you want to be spending your money - cheeks frame the face and will instantly take years off. “Cheeks will lift your entire face. My favourite!” To see the full effects of botox and fillers, it does take a few days to work its magic. “Botulinum toxin can take up to five days to fully kick in,” Lorena said. “Fillers you will see instant results, however, it does take up to two weeks for the swelling and filler to settle down. “Only after then you will see the full masterpiece.” For anyone considering getting botox or fillers, Lorena had some advice. She said: “You should have an instant rapport with the practitioner. “A really good sign is if in the consultation you ask for something and they say ‘you don't need that, this will get you that look’, instead of pushing treatments after treatment on you. “If the consultation is feeling like a sales pitch, you should probably not stay. “You want someone that you know will answer your questions before and after the treatment. “Make sure that they are qualified and have insurance in case something goes wrong. “There are a lot of non-medics doing fillers and many do wonderful work. “Many work side-by-side with doctors which is ideal. “Ask if they are qualified to dissolve the filler in case of a problem,” she added. As for the cost, Lorena said: “Prices vary from practitioner to practitioner. “Please remember that in this industry, like with anything else, you do get what you pay for.”