Karren Brady, 52, entered the House of Lords in 2014 and received a CBE from the Queen for her services to business, entrepreneurship and women in business. The Queen's grandson and future heir to the throne Prince William awarded Karren the CBE and she recalled the event exclusively to Express.co.uk. Karren was accompanied by her husband Paul Paul Peschisolido and their children Sophia and Paolo when she received the prestigious award. Recalling meeting Prince William, she told Express.co.uk: "It was great because he’s a massive fan of the Apprentice, so he told me. "So, yes it was great. It was just a fabulous day." Kate and Will attended the Top Gun: Maverick premiere in Leicester Square on Thursday night. READ MORE: Amber Heard could face perjury probe over charitable donation claims Kate, 40, looked radiant in an off-the-shoulder Roland Mouret column gown, clutch and £10,500 diamond star earrings as she made her glamorous entrance on the red carpet. Meanwhile, Prince William looked dapper in an Alexander McQueen suit as he posed alongside his wife. The royal couple joined Tom Cruise and his co-stars Jennifer Connelly and Miles Teller on the red carpet. At one point film star Tom even reached out and took Kate's hand as she navigated a set of stairs in her point-toe black pumps. Karren has served as Lord Alan Sugar's assistant on The Apprentice since the show’s sixth series in 2009, having replaced Margaret Mountford. She is also famous for her role as vice-chairman of West Ham United, alongside David Gold and David Sullivan, while she is also a regular writer for the Woman & Home magazine and The Sun. In the same interview, Express.co.uk also asked Karren what she believes to be the main reason as to why Meghan receives so much heavy criticism. Karren said: "I think it’s probably because there’s a lot of contradictory things in what she says and what she does. DON'T MISS... Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT] John Aylward dead: ER and West Wing star dies aged 75 [DEATH] Denise Van Outen puts on leggy display at Top Gun premiere [PICS] "I think lots of people don’t like to say one thing and do something else. I think that’s probably the main issue." Karren is currently working with Simply Business during their Empowering Women in Business Initiative, offering mentoring sessions to help females fight gender and bias in the workplace. About her partnership, she said: "I’m working with Simply Business and they are a real champion and voice for small business owners, freelancers and self employed. "They conducted research to coincide with International Women's Day which is really a day to celebrate achievements of women in the past to create awareness for women in the future. "A staggering 91% of female entrepreneurs say gender bias and equality is prevalent in business. "So working together for mentoring and doing webinars to bring women together to talk about issues helps flush them out and work out ways in which we can erase some of the issues women in business are facing." Baroness Karren Brady CBE is an ambassador for Simply Business' Empowering Women In Business initiative, offering one female entrepreneur an exclusive one-on-one mentoring session to improve their skills and confidence in business. Visit https://www.simplybusiness.co.uk/empowering-women-in-business/ for more info.