   BBC weather presenter Carol Kirkwood reacted after Dan Walker responded to one Twitter user's “awkward” discovery about her engagement. Dan joked about telling Carol’s fiancé that he was actually the one getting married to his BBC Breakfast colleague.     Former BBC Breakfast colleagues Carol, 59, and Dan, 45, were left in hysterics on Twitter after they were accidentally mistaken for being husband and wife after their picture was shared online. Carol announced she was engaged to her partner live on BBC Breakfast during Monday's episode. Yesterday, Carol and Dan reacted to an article that bizarrely implied they were actually a newlywed couple. Dan, who recently left BBC Breakfast for a job at Channel 5, joked about breaking the news to Carol’s fiancé.     It all started when a Twitter user named Garry Lyon shared a hilarious screenshot of an article entitled “Yorkshire newlyweds turned away from honeymoon flight 25 minutes before departure”. The article left the BBC pair in fits of laughter because the cover image was a picture of the two of them cuddled up together, which implied Dan and Carol as the couple in question. Garry couldn’t resist, as he penned: “Congratulations on your wedding and sorry you were turned away from your flight @mrdanwalker @carolkirkwood,” he tweeted.      He then added: “#MisleadingImage (actual congrats to Carol on her real engagement).” (sic) At this, Carol responded with a string of laughing emojis before Dan took to Twitter to also share the screenshot. In view of his 759,400 followers he penned: “Well… this is awkward. “Do you want to tell your fiancée or shall I @carolkirkwood?” he asked with three laughing emojis. READ MORE... Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement [NEWS] Amal Clooney, 44, wows in floral gown at Prince's Trust Awards [PICTURE] James Jordan's wife Ola addresses 'difficult' family farewell [INSIGHT]      Carol responded: Dan!!! I am still [five laughing emojis]! What a hoot!” (sic) Friends and fans of the duo took to the comments to share their thoughts on the picture. Former BBC Breakfast colleague Steph McGovern simply replied: “Hahahahahahaha!!” Sky presenter Jamie Weir quipped: “That’s amazing… Imagine thinking Carol was from Yorkshire with her accent…”       “Aww yous make a cute couple,” Caroline Breydin joked. (sic) While Miss S piled on: “Love that you're more worried about Carol's fiancé than your wife.” Carol was sent well-wishes from Sally Nugent and Jon Kay on Monday's episode of BBC Breakfast as she confirmed she is engaged to a mystery man. BBC Breakfast airs on weekdays at 6am on BBC One.   