By partnering with The Big Table Group, the Blue Light Card community will now be offering a range of discounts for a number of big-name restaurants across the UK, including Bella Italia, Café Rouge and Las Iguanas. With more than 2.4 million members across the country, Blue Light Card offers thousands of discounts and benefits exclusively to its front line cardholders. With more than 14,500 partner retailers within its portfolio, Blue Light Card is the UK’s leading specialist discount service for the blue light community, providing exclusive offers across hospitality, retail, travel, electronics and more. Members, comprising those who work in emergency services, NHS, the social care sector and the armed forces, can now save 25 percent off their total bill when visiting Bella Italia and Café Rouge, and 20 percent off their food bill when dining at Las Iguanas, Sunday through Thursday. Speaking about its latest big-name offering, Blue Light Card CEO Tom Dalby said: “We’re extremely grateful to be working with The Big Table Group to offer exclusive discounted dining to those who make huge sacrifices every day to keep us all safe and healthy. “We hope that our members and their families can make the most of the fantastic offers across Bella Italia, Café Rouge and Las Iguanas - enjoying excellent food and hospitality, as well as some well-deserved family time.” READ MORE: How to save money: Eat out in restaurants but pay less with top tips   Andy Carlill, chief marketing officer at The Big Table Group, added: “We’re delighted to partner with Blue Light Card and offer discounts to all their hard-working members. “We’re grateful for everything our emergency services, NHS, social workers and armed forces do, and we look forward to welcoming them to our restaurants soon.” Founded in 2008 by ex-Police Constable CTO Steve Denny and business partner CEO Tom Dalby, Blue Light Card was launched to provide those working in the “Blue Light Community” with discounts as a thanks for the tireless work they do to keep the nation safe, healthy, and supported. The Blue Light Card is available to purchase for £4.99 for two years, and gives access to more than 15,500 discount deals and exclusive benefits.  The card is available for employed staff members of the following groups: DON'T MISS: I worked at McDonalds and discovered the truth about the 'secret menu' [INSIGHT]Buffet worker shares how you can stay longer in the restaurant [EXPLAINED]'Unusual' money saving hacks - 'weird' ways to be thrifty [ANALYSIS]    Retired members of certain services are also eligible to apply for the card. This includes retired staff members of the following groups: Registering for a Blue Light Card membership is quick and easy and can be done online here. 