The Moskva was the flagship of the Russian Black Sea Fleet, which sank on April 14 after being struck by Ukrainian Neptune anti-ship missiles. The strike caused a fire to break out on the cruiser, which carried 510 people, and there were believed to be significant Russian casualties.  Ukrainian forces reportedly asked American officials about a ship sailing in the Black Sea, who then identified it as the Moskva and confirmed its location. The Americans have said they did not know that Ukraine was planning to attack the Moskva and shared the information with the aim of helping Ukraine defend itself. The intelligence shared with Ukrainian President Zelensky’s forces has enabled them to target and kill Russian generals and avoid Russian attacks, reported NBC. However, the US has expressed concern about angering Putin and escalating the conflict into a full-blown world war.  Pentagon press secretary John Kirby told reporters on Thursday: “We do not provide intelligence on the location of senior military leaders on the battlefield.” US policy currently forbids sharing of lethal target information about Russian civil and military leaders. The sinking of the Moskva was widely viewed as a “deep humiliation” for the Kremlin as it was supposedly their most deadly warship.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry may return to UK, claims royal author The ship made headlines in the early days of the invasion when officers on board ordered Ukrainians stationed on Snake Island to surrender. The response from the guards was “Russian warship, go f*** yourself”, which became a rallying cry around the world. It was initially believed the guards had been killed, however, they were captured and later freed in a prisoner exchange.  DON'T MISS:Lib Dems blast Boris after celebrating gains against Labour and Tories [LOCAL ELECTIONS]Tory minister admits party are 'braced for a difficult night' [GB NEWS]Disaster unfolds under Putin's nose - scared Russian generals fear [UKRAINE] Putin’s invasion of Ukraine has reportedly not been going to plan since he began his military campaign on February 24. He is now thought to be focusing his efforts on the eastern Donbas region after failing to capture many important Ukrainian cities. The southern port city of Mariupol has been under a brutal siege for days, with the last resistance fighters holding out in the Azovstal steelworks. 