Dermatologists have pinpointed six factors which could increase the likelihood of a person losing their hair and issued advice on how to deal with it. The Royal Family are not exempt from this phenomenon as Prince William, once with thick golden hair, has also experienced hair loss in his older age. So, too, has his uncle Edward, and brother Prince Harry. Prince Philip is also understood to have suffered from androgenetic alopecia, which is a consistent trend in the firm, with Prince Harry recently making jokes about his thinning hairline, telling fellow Invictus Games attendees that he's "doomed". According to Dr Miguel Sánchez Viera and Dr Juliana Machado, the "main cause of hair loss in men is the so-called androgenetic alopecia, which affects up to 75 percent of men at some point in their life". In a joint statement, the doctors from the Institute of Comprehensive Dermatology cited that genetics is a leading cause, saying: "The vast majority of patients with androgenetic alopecia have a history in their family, although this is not a condition that occurs in all cases".  They said it is a "slow and progressive" form of hair loss where the hair loses thickness until it disappears and "bald spots become visible in certain areas such as the crown". Stress and anxiety are key factors behind hair loss, and Dr Cristina Pérez Castaño - a medical director at Aderans Bosley clinic - said stress can paralyse hair growth.The health expert said: "Stress causes abnormal hair loss, even paralysing its growth and causing telogen effluvium (temporary hair loss) that, if not treated, in time, it can become chronic. "Its symptoms are excessive hair loss (more than 100 hairs per day) outside of a seasonal period on a constant basis for more than a month". They recommend treating the loss with growth factors to reactivate hair follicles to normal activity, as well as ensuring proper capillary hygiene and good nutrition. READ MORE: Donald Trump’s dream opponent – Meghan Markle? Hair loss is more common at certain times of the year, with spring and autumn being the worst times. However, the doctors warn: "It is a process that should not last more than three months and in which hair density should not be lost, the scalp should not begin to lighten or appear more dandruff or fat that you have the rest of the year. If you notice any of these symptoms, it is best to consult a dermatologist who is an expert in trichology." Some autoimmune diseases also cause hair loss, with the most common being "alopecia areta, cutaneous lupus erythematosus and frontal fibrosing alopecia". But treatment is not possible in these cases as, so far, there's no effective way to control it. DON'T MISS: Covid inquiry will investigate lockdown impact on mental health [INSIGHT]How much coffee should you drink a day? [ANALYSIS]Cancer: Signs in the 'lower extremities' signalling a 'metastasising'  [COMMENT] However, they added: "Identifying them correctly is the first step so that our patients do not waste their time and money on solutions that will not end the problem. In these cases, we offer aesthetic alternatives, such as micro-grafts or hair prostheses". Recent findings show one of the side effects of Covid is hair loss, which usually appears a few months after the virus passes. Post-Covid alopecia affects more than 20 percent of people. It also persists in a quarter of those who experienced hair loss after recovering from Covid. Doctors Miguel Sánchez Viera and Juliana Machado said ageing is also a big factor in hair loss. The pair said it is known as “senescent alopecia, and it is directly related to age. Hair, like skin, ages over the years, becomes finer and more brittle and falls out more. Revitalizing treatments such as hair mesotherapy help give it more density before it falls out". 