Manchester United goalkeeper Dean Henderson reportedly intends to leave the club this summer unless new manager Erik ten Hag makes him the team’s No 1. The Red Devils are set to welcome Ten Hag to Old Trafford at the end of the season. Henderson came through the United academy and spent time on loan with Stockport and Grimsby, before enjoying successful temporary spells with Shrewsbury Town and Sheffield United. During his first season at Bramall Lane, Henderson kept 21 clean sheets as the Blades finished second in the Championship and were promoted to the Premier League. The keeper spent a second season in Sheffield as he impressed in the top flight. And he helped the side finish ninth in the table as he kept clean sheets against the likes of Chelsea, Arsenal and West Ham throughout the campaign. The 25-year-old returned to Old Trafford at the start of last season to fight for his place in the team. And he was handed an extended run of starts towards the end of the campaign as he wrestled with David de Gea to become first-choice. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag may approve four shirt number changes at Man Utd   But De Gea has rediscovered his best form this campaign following a difficult few years at the club and Henderson has found opportunities hard to come by. This season, Henderson has played just three matches for United, with two of those ending in defeat. The shot-stopper took to the pitch as United were knocked out of the Carabao Cup by West Ham in the third round last September and started again when his side were stunned by Middlesbrough in the fourth round of the FA Cup in February. Henderson is clearly growing tired of his lack of gametime in the north west. And, according to the Manchester Evening News, the ace wants to leave either on loan or permanently unless Ten Hag makes a beeline for him to hand him the No 1 jersey. DON'T MISS Marcus Rashford's price tag at Man Utd has changed by £90m Wenger’s dig at Ronaldo backfired big time when Man Utd beat Arsenal Man Utd fan Ratcliffe opens up on 'loyalties' over Chelsea takeover     Ten Hag could be tempted to overhaul the United team following their egregious season. The 52-year-old was interested in taking Henderson to Ajax on loan earlier this season - so the incoming boss is clearly a fan of the player. But De Gea’s displays have been redolent of those he enjoyed at his peak, when he was regarded as one of the best keepers in the world. So Ten Hag could be reluctant to rock the boat between the posts when he arrives. If Henderson isn’t promoted to No 1, there will be plenty of Premier League clubs who would love to have him. And he could yet become a star away from Old Trafford. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  