The two-bedroom home in London Fields, Hackney, looks as if it’s got part of the original home missing, and many might be wondering how such a narrow property could be up for sale for such a high price. But, once inside the use of space the home does start to feel larger. The property is an end of terrace family abode that extends across four levels, with a bedroom on each of the top two levels. The house is described as having a “striking design connected over four floors by a bespoke steel and timber staircase” and was designed by Martin Reynolds and constructed by Adam Lloyd. As you enter through the front door you’ll walk past a staircase and find the kitchen followed by the reception room. Whilst not massive there’s space for a dining table and chairs and a sofa in the living room. The lower ground floor houses some smart storage cupboards by a simple staircase - something that is often hard to come by in London. READ MORE: Interior design tips: Paint colours to ‘avoid’ for ‘small rooms’ Plus there is a rather snazzy bathroom with a tub in the centre of a stylish concrete floor. This is then followed by the main bathroom with a skylight above letting in lots of natural light. Head up a level and you reach the kitchen, where you’ll spot rather cool space-saving stairs. They’re slightly angled to create a design feature while also playing with the limited space on offer. DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘super cheap’ way to clean washing machine drawer [TIPS]Weeding tips: ‘Fast and effective way’ to kill ‘stubborn’ weeds [EXPERT]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [INSIGHT] The kitchen itself is pretty lovely, with wood floors and panelling on the ceiling. The first floor is home to the first bedroom which you’ll walk directly into when coming up the stairs. It is fitted with modern wooden floors and a nice big window out to the garden. The current homeowners have designed the space as a home office but a bed could fit in the room comfortably. There’s no bathroom up here, so you do need to go down quite a few stairs to nip to the toilet. On the second and final floor, you’ll find the main bedroom which has more built-in wardrobes. The property boasts a south-facing garden that has a narrow lawn area, as well as highly desirable off-street parking. Dexters, who are selling the property, describe it as “a truly unique house in one of the most exciting areas of London”. The listing reads: “A striking design connected over four floors by a bespoke steel and timber staircase. “The house has a south-facing, tree lined, private garden and off street parking. “The property is located two minutes walk from London Fields, close to Broadway Market and less than a mile from Dalston Junction and Hackney Downs overground.” Properties in Hackney had an overall average price of £695,273 over the last year, according to the latest figures from Rightmove. It is more than double the average value of a home sold in Britain during the same period, which stands at £326,176.