Weeds can be controlled without resorting to weedkillers, although persistent or deep rooted weeds may be very difficult to eradicate. Common weeds in the UK include dandelions, white clovers, nettle and chickweed. According to one expert, boiling water can be used to “kill” and prevent weeds from growing. Samantha Richards, garden gazebo expert at Gazeboshop, commented: “To avoid weed infestations escalating in the garden, the best move is to prevent weeds from arriving in the first place.” However, this isn’t always possible, especially for those with large outdoor areas. The expert explained that hot water “kills weeds and their seeds” and is one of the best moves gardeners can make to get rid of infestations. Boiling water causes the plant’s cell structure to collapse and kill it. READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home Some hardy weeds may need more than one boiling water treatment. Using this method makes it easier to pull and remove the weeds from beds and borders. Gardeners must take caution when using boiling water to make sure it doesn’t scorch surrounding plants or the lawn. The expert added: “This can be also achieved with water permeable landscape fabrics, topped with mulch or bark. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share the ‘best’ glass cleaner ever - and it's only £1 [EXPLAINER]How to ‘instantly’ increase the value of your home through gardens [EXPERT]‘Steer away’ from certain interiors as it can ‘put buyers off’ [COMMENT] “Mulch helps to control weeds, both preventing them from growing and killing existing weeds in your garden.” Mulching is one of the best ways to stop weeds. It stops light passing through which ultimately helps weeds to grow. For gardeners who are yet to place mulch around the garden, it is best to do so when weeds have been removed and the soil is moist. To be effective, mulch must be topped up to a minimum depth of 10 to 15cm. The expert added: “Pre-emergent herbicide products which are sprinkled and watered into garden soil is also an effective way to kill weeds since they create a barrier that prevents seeds from germinating.” The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) also shared how to remove weeds without using chemicals, including using a hoe. They said: “Run a hoe over a bed or between rows to kill most weed seedlings. “For maximum effectiveness, choose a dry day with a light wind, so that the seedlings will dry out on the surface of the bed rather than re-rooting into moist soil. “Pull up annual weeds by hand before they set seed. “Perennial weeds should be dug out with as much root as possible, using a hand or border fork. “Hand weeding is easiest on lighter soils and should only be attempted where it will not disturb the roots of garden plants. Further pulling may be necessary where persistent weeds such as bindweed or couch grass where small root sections left behind can regrow into new plants.” The RHS also recommended using a flame gun to scorch weeds on patios or repeatedly cutting the weeds to weaken the weeds.