Dick Strawbridge and his interior designer wife Angel Adoree rose to fame with their Channel 4 TV show Escape to the Chateau. The couple have become a huge hit with viewers as they watched the pair buy and renovate their family home, Château de la Motte-Husson in France. Dick and Angel have detailed every aspect of their family life and the renovation, and admittedly, their journey has been far from easy. Dick and Angel met in 2010 through a mutual friend at a party, and the engineer admitted they fell in love quickly. Dick was cautious at first as he was aware of their 19-year age gap. However, the couple went on to welcome their son Arthur in 2013, and two years later, Angel was pregnant again with Dorothy and had relocated to France where they began to renovate their incredible new home. “I was introduced to Angela at a party,” Dick began. “She’s gorgeous, and her smile is phenomenal so as you can imagine, I was completely bowled over." READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role “We didn’t get much of a chance to talk that evening but we both knew there was something special between us," he continued to the Belfast Telegraph. The engineer went on to add that at the beginning of his relationship with Angel, he was concerned about the 19-year age gap between them. At the time, he told his now-wife to find a young man to have children with because he didn't want to stop her from having that with someone. Angel added: “Age is but a number. Dick has always had a wonderful energy and is so passionate about everything he does, I love that about him.” In another recent interview with Nihal Arthanayake on BBC Radio 5, Dick opened up about the couple's children, Arthur and Dorothy. Dick and Angel's children were very young when they moved to France in 2015, and can now both speak and write in fluent French. Despite Arthur and Dorothy loving their lifestyle in France, Dick admitted he would be upset if his kids decided to move back to London. He said: “I’ll be blunt and I’ll say I think we’d be disappointed if when they grow up the first thing they want to do was go and move back to London. Do you know what I mean?" DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan’s new show battered by GB News in ratings [NEWS]Brenda Blethyn sets record straight on Vera stunt double [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ imitation [VIDEO] “That would be sort of a surprise, but I expect them to do it for a bit but not to sort of uproot," he added. Over the past seven years, viewers have watched as Dick and Angel have transformed their family home in France. However, the duo did face a number of hurdles during the renovation process, especially after they spent the majority of their budget fixing the heating and plumbing. More recently, the pair also decided to build a bridal suite so they can carry out their wedding business, and it has been a great success so far. It's no secret the couple have disagreed on certain aspects of the build, although, Angel does seem to get her own way most of the time. And while some couples may find it a challenge to live and work together, Angel and Dick seem to make it work. “We do have different workspaces for writing,” Angel explained. “Dick has an office across the hall, but I like to write in our suite to be near the children.” Escape to the Chateau series 1-8 is available to watch on All4.