Liverpool sent Villarreal a heart-warming message after reaching the Champions League final on Tuesday night. The Reds came back from a 2-0 deficit at Estadio de la Ceramica to win 4-2, and will now compete in their third European final in five years. The Merseyside club will now be waiting to find out who they will be up against in the final. Premier League reigning champions Manchester City will make the trip to Bernabeu to fight for a spot in the final on Wednesday night, holding a 4-3 advantage to Real Madrid. Liverpool were last crowned European champions in 2019 at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium, after a 2-0 win over fellow English opposition Tottenham Hotspur. Mohamed Salah and Divock Origi were the goal scorers.   Real Madrid, who won the competition for three consecutive seasons in 2016, 2017 and 2018, will be keen to return to European glory. While Pep Guardiola's City came short in the final against Chelsea last season at Estadio do Dragao - falling to a 1-0 defeat. Following the win, Klopp said on reaching another European final: "Outstanding, massive. It feels like it's the first, to be honest, because it's always so special. It is, for me, the best club competition in the world. I love it, love the sound, everything, love the nights. Respect to Villarreal, this really wonderful stadium, what the people are doing here is incredible, what Unai [Emery] is doing is incredible, how the players put us under pressure, everything is great. So it feels so special because it was so difficult for us, but in the end we deserved it as well and that’s really cool. "It was massive, massive from the boys. Before the game I told the boys that I would like to read the headlines that ‘The mentality monsters were in town’ just because I wanted us from the first moment not like somebody that defends the result but goes for the three points or for the win. "I couldn’t see that but the second half was like this… for me it was like this because you could see how impressed we were in the first half and then coming back like we came back in the second half was really special. With the 500 games, like it feels, that the boys played it is completely normal that the first half can happen but reacting like we reacted made it really special again and it is that that we are really happy about."