John Legend last released new music in 2020 with his seventh studio album, Bigger Love. Express.co.uk awarded the record three stars out of five, noting it had some big hits but didn't quite stick the landing. Now, Legend is back with new music, and he is gearing up to play some of his biggest hits live in a rare London show in the iconic Royal Albert Hall in 2023 - but when do they go on sale? Tickets for John Legend's highly-anticipated Royal Albert Hall gig go on sale tomorrow, Friday, May 27, 2022. Tickets will be available for purchase at 10am - and you can grab yours here. Prices have not yet been revealed, but tickets for his sold-out July 2022 gig in Somerset House ranged from £50 to £150. Legend's newly announced gig takes place on Wednesday, April 5, 2023 and will no doubt include a number of hits from his upcoming eighth album, as well as some classics including All Of Me and Love Me Now. The title for the American star's eighth record has not yet been revealed, but it will likely continue the R&B singer's incredible history of winning Grammy Awards and constant radio play. Just this month Legend released the first single from the upcoming eighth album, Dope. In it, he collaborated with American rapper and singer JID. He also recently commented about releasing new music for the first time in two years. Legend explained just how excited he was to be working on new tunes. He said: "I’m so thrilled to be releasing new music. The past year or so has been so exciting for me creatively. I have been writing and collaborating with some of the most talented people in music, and we have some great new material to share with the world." The support acts for Legend's Royal Albert Hall gig have also not been announced just yet, but the last time he played in the UK he invited British singer/songwriter Jack Savoretti to play with him. This year, at Legend's sold out Somerset House, the All Of Me singer is playing alone - so that is always a possibility as well. He definitely has the pedigree to do so, as well. DON'T MISS...The Beatles: Paul McCartney used ancient poem to write Abbey Road song [NEWS]The Beatles: John Lennon called one rival band's song 'the greatest' [INFO]Elvis' family banned his girlfriend from Graceland after his death [INSIGHT] Legend is one of the few EGOT holders in the world. This means he has an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar and a Tony award. In fact, he has 12 Grammy Awards to his name. On top of that, he will be returning to his Las Vegas residency slot in Zappos Theatre later this summer. In recent weeks Legend has been speaking out against the idea of his retirement. Legend said his residency slot is a "milestone". He went on: "It’s an interesting time because I have enough of a career to look back on. But I also have so much music in me and so much new music coming – I don’t in any way feel like this is the beginning of my retirement." The star also opened up on singing about having a miscarried pregnancy in 2020. He said: "There’s music dealing with grief and what it feels like to mourn, and to try to pick up the pieces after you’ve lost something. When you lose a pregnancy and you have to go through that grief together, it can be really difficult for a family. Hopefully creating music out of it can be healing for me and for other people too." (Via The Guardian). John Legend tickets go on sale tomorrow at 10am.