The list compiled by the European Movement UK has amassed over 10,000 reports so far outlining what it describes as the impacts of Brexit on communities across Britain. The issues reported by members of the public cover shortages of food and fuel and local businesses struggling as a result of supply chain disruption. A post on the organisation’s website said: “Brexit clearly isn’t working, and communities across the country are feeling the pressure. Let us know how your local area has been affected. “Have you seen shortages on shelves, or queues at petrol pumps, or do you know of a local business that has struggled thanks to supply chain issues?” The campaign’s tagline reads: “The Government’s Brexit deal has given Britain empty shelves, empty pumps and empty pockets”. It comes a week after business leaders accused Prime Minister Boris Johnson of squandering a post-Brexit opportunity to slash red tape and taxes as the cost of living crisis threatens to plunge Britain into a recession. Business executives and Conservative donors attacked the Prime Minister for his "awful" and "half-hearted" efforts at reform after inflation surged to a 40-year high this month, with the Bank of England warning that the UK is on the brink of a prolonged economic downturn. Michael Spencer, a billionaire City tycoon and major Conservative party donor, said: “So far there has been no rolling back of unwanted and useless Euro regulations and restrictions. It has been an awful wasted opportunity.”  It came as consumer confidence plunged to its lowest level in at least half a century amid the escalating cost of living crisis. Recent reports have also revealed that Brexit has pushed up the price of food imported from the EU, piling extra pressure on Britain’s struggling households. A report released by thinktank UK in a Changing Europe (UKICE) said trade barriers introduced after leaving the EU had led to a 6 percent increase in UK food prices between December 2019 and September 2021. The report found that “a clear and robust impact of Brexit-induced trade frictions increasing food prices for UK consumers during a time when the economy is already facing inflationary pressures from global sources”. The study by the LSE Centre for Economic Performance funded by UKICE found that grocery bills have risen the most sharply for food products more reliant on imports from the EU such as fresh pork, tomatoes and jams. Products with low EU import shares more commonly sourced from the rest of the world, such as tuna or exotic fruits, were less affected.  The findings said COVID-19 could be ruled out as an influencing factor because there was a correlation between price increases and the share of EU imports for a particular product. Professor Anand Menon, director at UKICE, said the research “illustrates all too clearly that Brexit has had, and will continue to have a significant impact on our trade with the EU and hence on our economy”. Disruption from the pandemic has pushed up freight prices and caused costly delays in recent months. However, British companies also face additional costs from Brexit, with border delays and new paperwork adding to the disruption. The Government has argued that the soaring cost of food, fuel and financial challenges facing businesses are a result of other factors such as the crisis in Ukraine and soaring inflation rather than Britain’s exit from the EU. Brexit opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg claimed last month that rising food costs had “nothing to do with Brexit”, instead blaming the rise on global inflation and the Ukraine crisis.  Prime Minister Johnson has blamed continued Covid lockdowns in China and “Putin’s continued crazed malevolence in Ukraine” for the “real pressures” facing Britons by pushing up things like wheat prices. Britain’s inflation rate has soared to the highest level since the early 1980s and is now the highest of any G7 country after a record rise in gas and electricity bills in April. The pound has slumped in recent months, dropping to the lowest level against the US dollar since the early days of the pandemic. It comes as Ofgem announced that a UK household’s typical energy bill is set to rise by around £800 per year on Tuesday, May 24. Ofgem boss Jonathan Brearley said the energy price cap, which limits how much providers can raise prices, is expected to increase to £2,800 a year, due to continued volatility in gas prices. A typical bill rose by an unprecedented £700 in April as thousands of Britons struggled to cope with spiralling costs. 