The Oral Health Foundation says there are a number of things a person can do at home including conducting regular checks of the mouth. They also suggest looking out for:• Ulcers that do not heal within three weeks• Any unusual red or white patches• Lumps in the neck or jaw area• Persistent hoarseness. Should a person experience these symptoms they recommend consulting with a dentist or doctor. READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: 'Warning signs' of a damaged liver The Oral Health Foundation says even if nothing is seriously wrong checking could “save your life”. Overall it is considerably better to get something checked and for it to be nothing rather than leaving a lump and discovering, six months later, something could have been done to treat the condition. One of the benefits of mouth cancer is both doctors and dentists are qualified to check for the disease, providing an extra diagnostic avenue. Dentists will normally carry out a mouth cancer examination as part of a dental check-up.  However, in order for a check-up to be conducted, there first has to be a dentist to do it. NHS England are warning of dental deserts forming. In recent months, patients have reported struggling to get dental appointments. So far over 2,000 dentists have left the NHS since last year compared with 95 the year before. As a result of the exits, patients are now struggling more than ever to get dental appointments with some patients waiting three years. Around four million people are estimated to be without access to NHS dental care. Furthermore, satisfaction surveys also suggest just a third of patients are satisfied with the service received. Brexit, COVID-19, and underfunding have all been put forward as reasons why so many dentistry professionals have left. National Director of NHS watchdog Healthwatch England, Louise Ansari, said of the situation: “People are struggling to get the dental treatment they need when they need it. “This is a hugely worrying issue. Some dental practices have either shut down or have gone fully private, with some dentists having used up their total NHS capacity and are asking people for private fees instead.” The British Dental Association (BDA) meanwhile described NHS dentistry as a “rotten system” letting down patients and practitioners. NHS Dentistry’s issues form part of a wider crisis facing the NHS after 12 years of threat.