Duchess Kate stole the show as she swooped down on the red carpet for the UK premiere of the blockbuster with her husband Prince William. The mother-of-three looked sensational in a monochrome off-the-shoulder Roland Mouret column frock and black heels.  She teamed her glamorous look with a £2,300 Alexander McQueen clutch and added a touch of sparkle with a pair of £10,500 Robinson Pelham diamond star earrings. The 40-year-old wore her brunette locks down in a sleek middle parting and opted for dark eye makeup. Royal fans said they were “blown away” by Kate’s radiant look and quickly compared her to a “supermodel” after her appearance in Leicester Square on Thursday night. Harry Grey Suit posted on Twitter: “I knew Catherine wouldn’t disappoint us! I’m blown away by her gown, perfection. “Seriously she looks like a supermodel #DukeandDuchessofCambridge #TomCruise #TopGunMaverick” Haz Bean said: “She really is perfection. Not just on the outside but the whole package. PW married up.”  READ MORE: Kate and Prince William stun fans at Top Gun premiere Karan Cartwright added: “She did it again ! Very pretty, she's tall enough to be a model.” Cathy Stone tweeted:“Natural grace, style and class. It's so obvious when it's forced or faked.” @RoyallyBelle said: "Can we all just take a moment? The hair, the makeup, the dress! STUNNING."  DON'T MISS Tom Cruise holds dazzling Kate's hand as William walks alongside [PICTURES]Royal Family LIVE: Fergie takes leaf from Meghan book with new project [BLOG]Piers Morgan mocks Tom Cruise as he stands beside Kate [OPINION] Kate was not the only one to make an effort for the star-studded event, her husband William looked dapper in a black Alexander McQueen tuxedo and in a nod to the fighter jets in the movie the future King was wearing Crockett & Jones loafers with "F-18" embroidered on them. Kate and William joined Hollywood royalty Tom Cruise, who reprised his role as hotshot US fighter pilot Captain Pete "Maverick" Mitchell for the eagerly awaited sequel to the 1986 movie.  Tom Cruise, 59, introduced William and Kate to his co-stars in front of a model of a fighter plane from the film, which had "Capt Pete Mitchell Maverick" emblazoned on it near the cockpit. At one point Cruise held Kate's hand as he helped her up some stairs, while Prince William walked alongside them. The film was originally due for release in July 2019 but was repeatedly pushed back due to the coronavirus pandemic.  The fundraising event was hosted by Paramount Pictures and The Film and TV charity, which supports people working behind the scenes in the UK's screen sector. It was the 72nd Royal Film performance - events attended by royals marking the premiere of a big movie release - delivered by the charity.