Boris Johnson’s Government should start addressing the cost of living crisis and introduce the windfall tax to relieve pressure on people’s budgets, Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves has slammed. The Office for National Statistics reports inflation galloping at its fastest rate in 40 years, with a 9 percent inflation recorded in April. This puts the average annual gas and electricity bill close to £2,000. Speaking to LBC, Ms Reeves hit out at the Government: "Instead of making all the excuses in the world and saying to people, ‘well, it’s your own fault. You should get a better-paid job or you should learn to cook.’ "You know, it’s insulting people. "The Government need to take real action to relieve this pressure." In a controversial Sky News interview, Conservative minister Rachel Maclean said people struggling with rising costs could take on more hours or move to a better-paid job. But Ms Reeves continued: "The Government, whether they want to call it an emergency budget – whatever they want to call it – they just need to get on and act. "We’re seeing today inflation as you say 9 percent, a 40-year high." The UK inflation has hit a 40-year high at nine percent in April, the Office for National Statistics reports, up from 7 percent in March. The rise in food and energy prices, caused in part by the Ukraine war and Covid, has pushed some people to the brink of poverty. READ MORE: Brexit news: Boris Johnson 'fears EU reprisal' as Brexiteer slams PM She added: "We’ve heard, you’ve heard on this show, stories of real struggling and suffering of older people who are not turning on the heating, of mums that are skipping meals, of parents that are worried about paying for the new school uniform." "And all the time the government just sits on their hands", MP Reeves added. "And today, we’ve got yet more evidence of the cost-of-living crisis that people are facing. And the Government now must act. "They must bring forward the windfall tax that I’ve been talking to you about now for what feels like an eternity but it’s certainly since the beginning of the year. DON'T MISS: Nigel Farage slams Government for ‘betraying’ Northern Ireland [REPORT]Boris to bring in new NI secretary [REPORT]'Don't tell me what I can and can't eat!' Boris slammed for U-turn [REPORT] "And use that money to take that money off ordinary people’s gas and electricity bills." "The National Insurance increase, it is totally wrong to be taking money out of the pockets of working people at a time when they’re seeing their bills go up, their food shop go up, the cost of filling up the car with petrol going up. "But there are also longer-term measures like a big home insulation programme so that people as gas and electricity bills are lower because they have to use this gas and electricity. "So, they are practical things this government can be doing."