Mother-of-three Kate, 40, was pictured beaming and laughing as she and her husband William interacted with children at St John's Primary School where they were attending a ‘Roots of Empathy’ session. The classes focus on the development of empathy in both children and adults alike as the trait is vital in “helping children navigate relationships, form connections and be inclusive of others”, according to their website. Teaching children emotional literacy is very much part of the Duchess’s focus on the early years, which she has concentrated on for much of her royal work. The couple joined seven-year-olds for the class in Port Glasgow, which was organised by the charity Action for Children, of which Kate is patron. The programme extends across 18 local authority areas in Scotland, and pupils are encouraged to take part in discussions about their own emotions. Kate has called for classes of this type to be extended across the country.  As the couple began their visit to the school close to the banks of the River Clyde in Port Glasgow, the Duke joked: "Can you get my wife out of here before she gets broody?" By the end of the visit, Kate was pictured cooing over ten-month-old Saul after his session with his mother Laura Molloy. Adorable photos from the engagement emerged of William and Kate sitting among the children and participating in the class. During the session, as Saul crawled on a mat, the royal couple sang nursery rhymes with the children. The couple were also pictured doing the hand actions to Incy Wincy Spider. Royal fans took to Twitter to react to the cute snaps, with one user called ‘TinasTiaras’ writing: “She loves children and babies look at her genuine smile.” READ MORE: Prince Harry contradicts claims Meghan Markle 'hated' royal tour A fan page for the Cambridges called ‘loveforcambridg’ commented on a picture of Kate smiling during the session and wrote: “She was looking at the baby in front of her! She really loves kids” A fan page for the couple, called ‘Cambridge Crown’ also echoed this writing “The Children’s Princess, watch out William”. In a separate tweet, the user added: “Love the passion The Duchess has for early childhood development.” Rowan Marie agreed, writing “She’s amazing with children” while DukeandDuches12 gushed “Her happiness when she is with children.” Kayla Adams shared a snap of Kate with the 10-month-old baby called Saul from the session, and captioned it with “The Children’s Princess today in Scotland”. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan 'damaging the Crown' as Queen given 'little option' [INSIGHT]Charles to be 'steady force' to set Royal Family back on track [REVEAL]Would you accept King Charles as regent this year? [POLL] In a separate tweet, she described the Duchess as “an actual ray of sunshine” adding that she “radiates pure JOY”. One more called ‘RoyallyBelle_’ added: “The Duchess of Cambridge was clearly having a brilliant time at St John's school this morning- she’s definitely in her element around children!” Gigi_napalan wrote “Kate contemplating for another baby” nodding to previous comments made by the Duchess about how working with young children makes her “very broody”. During a visit to the Children’s Museum in Copenhagen back in February, the Duchess added: "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. "I come home saying, 'Let's have another one.’" Their two-day visit to the Scotland comes as part of a series of engagements for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arranged to mark Mental Health Awareness Week which runs between May 9th-15th. Working with mental health services and shining the light on mental health issues are pivotal parts of William and Kate’s work as senior royals. While in Scotland, the couple are also visiting a project operated by The Wheatley Group. William and Kate will see how the group has transformed the lives of vulnerable people and those at risk of homelessness. They will also speak with service users who have benefitted from access to employment support to help mitigate the impact of poverty.