Empty cardboard toilet rolls are often recycled without a thought, but there are actually many uses for them in the garden. Whether you’re growing plants from seeds indoors, or directly into your garden soil, millions of gardeners have found several planting shortcuts using this simple item. Express.co.uk spoke to Tom Hilton, director of hydroponic specialists, National Greenhouse to find out whether they really work, and the right way to use them for the best results. Growing plants from seeds is one of the most rewarding things to do in the garden, and it can be even more enjoyable when the planting process is made easier. Small containers and tubes are ideal for establishing young seedlings before planting outside, but it can be hard to safely move the plant from the pot, into the open ground. According to Tom Hilton, director of hydroponic specialists, National Greenhouse, cardboard toilet rolls are a handy alternative to module trays or pots for this very reason, but how exactly can you use them yourself? READ MORE: George Clarke says couple broke 'main rule' of property developing Speaking to Express.co.uk, Tom said: “Toilet paper rolls have made for perfect biodegradable seedling pots long before TikTok jumped on the bandwagon. “Transplanting seedlings from pot to pot as they grow can be a delicate task, where you don’t want to risk damaging the fragile roots and therefore reducing your harvest.” You will need to stand the toilet rolls on a tray with drainage holes for the roots to establish properly, so start by lining the cardboard tubes in rows on your chosen surface. Once the tubes are positioned, fill them up with peat-free, multipurpose compost. The soil should be pushed down into the roll, but not compacted in order to give room for the seed to be placed in. Pop one large seed or two smaller seeds of your choice into the top of the compost-filled tube and press it into the soil. This method gives the roots plenty of space to grow out from the tube completely unrestricted. A strong root system and top growth should soon appear, indicating that the seedling is ready to be planted out. Space is crucial for plants to grow successfully, making it hard to master the art of planting a compact display of flowers or crops. Toilet rolls can be used to help create a cluster display of plants by acting as a root trainer for young seeds to grow. Tom said: “If you lack an outdoor garden or growing space, you can use toilet roll holders to sow your seeds closer together - as close as the tube will allow - and then simply lift the entire thing out of the soil when the time comes to transplant. “The tube will simply disintegrate into the soil when it is planted in its final spot.” This hack can also be used to plant directly outdoors into the final planting site. According to TikTok user @therealdobbygarden, the best way to do this is to dig a hole in the soil large enough to fit the toilet roll tube. Firm the soil around the tube, leaving it exposed so you can sow a few seeds into the centre of the cardboard tunnel. Cover the site with soil and water well before leaving the crop to grow. According to the TikTok user, the tube “minimises disruption from the neighbouring plants”, allowing it to thrive in its self-contained spot.