Indeed, we need some cholesterol to stay healthy, though there are some forms which are considered bad for us. The Mayo Clinic says there are several foods which can help “improve your numbers” in terms of lowering cholesterol levels. The organisation says “fatty fish” is one of these foods. This is because it has high levels of omega-3 fatty acids, which can reduce your triglycerides, a type of fat found in blood. It also says omega-3 fatty acids don't affect LDL cholesterol levels.  Fatty fish may also reduce your blood pressure and risk of developing blood clots. It explains: “Foods such as walnuts, flaxseed and canola oil also have small amounts of omega-3 fatty acids. “Omega-3 and fish oil supplements are available. Talk to your doctor before taking any supplements.” READ MORE: High cholesterol: New treatment available to high-risk patients who take statins  Indeed, Heart UK says: “Omega 3 fats are a group of unsaturated fats that we need to stay healthy, especially for heart health. “Eating foods high in omega 3s could help to prevent heart attacks and strokes.” It says there are different types of omega 3s which are found in different foods. The charity also says: “In countries where people eat more oily fish, such as in the Mediterranean, Greenland and Japan, fewer people have heart disease compared to countries where people eat very little oily fish, such as the UK.”  Nonetheless, it warns: “Some fish contain small amounts of chemicals or metals that may be harmful if you eat a lot of fish.” If you are pregnant, planning to get pregnant, or breast feeding, you should eat no more than two portions of oily fish per week, it says. If you have been advised to make dietary changes, there are a number of things to consider and several general rules to follow. The Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada says: “As a rule of thumb, steer clear of highly processed foods, even if they are lower in fat content. Low-fat or diet foods are often loaded with calories, sodium and added sugar.”  It says that it is also a good idea to add more vegetarian options like beans, lentils, tofu and nuts to your weekly meal plans, and “get in the habit of filling half your plate with vegetables and fruit”. The NHS outlines a number of other lifestyle changes you may be able to make to lower your cholesterol. A key one is to cut down on alcohol. You should try to avoid drinking more than 14 units of alcohol a week, and avoid binge drinking. You can ask your GP for help if you are struggling to cut down. You might need medicine to lower your cholesterol if your cholesterol level has not gone down after changing your diet and lifestyle.  You may also need medicine if you're at a high risk of having a heart attack or stroke, according to the NHS. There are two main types of fat, which are saturated and unsaturated. Eating too many foods high in saturated fat can raise the level of cholesterol in your blood. The health body says most people in the UK eat too much saturated fat. If you're aged 40 to 74, you can get your cholesterol checked as part of an NHS Health Check. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) recommends all adults have a cholesterol check at any age, even if they feel completely well. It should be repeated every five years – or more often if the test was abnormal. 