Spreadsheet stars IT Crowd's Katherine Parkinson in the lead role of Lauren, a divorced mum-of-two who is looking for countless flings without any commitment. The Channel 4 comedy originally aired on Paramount+ in America in 2021 but will now be airing in the UK as well. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Spreadsheet. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Spreadsheet.Feeling her life is hectic with no clear direction, Lauren is in search of having no strings attached fun. In order to keep on track of her various sexual partners, she develops a spreadsheet with all of their names and any intimate details she discovered during their encounters. With the help of her friend Alex (played by Rowan Witt), Lauren starts to get a grip on what she really wants from men, as well as juggle her usual family responsibilities. But will it be possible for her plan to work in the long run or is it doomed to fail? READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot Spreadsheet initially made its debut on the American streaming service Paramount+. The comedy will now be showing in the UK for the first time on Wednesday, May 18, from 10.05pm on Channel 4. Spreadsheet season one consists of a total of eight episodes. The first two episodes are going to be shown back-to-back on May 18 before a new instalment airs every Wednesday. This means that the grand finale will be ready to watch on Wednesday, June 29, on Channel 4. There will be an alternative way to watch the sitcom if you're not willing to wait several weeks for the entire series. The boxset is going to be ready to watch in full on Channel 4's streaming service All4 after the first two episodes come out. All4 is a free streaming service with viewers only needing to register an email address to get access to its content. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [EXPLAINER]Real-life Derry Girl 'devastated' over Channel 4 comedy ending  [REACTION]Wilfrid Brambell: Comedy star died of cancer [HEALTH] Talking about the series to RadioTimes.com, Parkinson said: "It's quite rude, isn't it? "It was a departure for me because I got to be sexually viable. It was nice to lean into that, to be sexually front-footed like Lauren is, because I can be quite coy about those things in life. "On my 44th birthday they accidentally scheduled three, four sex scenes. I was like, 'This is not how I expected to be spending my birthday'. "I'm doing fine for my age, but I'm really not very limber." Parkinson is also currently starring in BBC One's sitcom Here We Go as well. Alongside Parkinson, the comedy stars Alison Steadman, Jim Howick, Tom Basden and Freya Parks. The description reads: "Family life with no filter. "The Jessops navigate life's everyday challenges - from changing jobs to kidnapping dogs." Spreadsheet premieres on Wednesday, May 18, at 10.05pm on Channel 4.