Yellowstone airs on The Paramount Network and the drama left fans hooked with the season four finale. Since then, the show has inspired a number of spin-offs as it grows more popular by the day. But actor Luke Grimes says everything must come to an end. Luke Grimes has been a part of the Yellowstone family for the past five years and he was eager to work with Taylor Sheridan. Playing the troubled Navy SEAL and son of John Dutton (Kevin Costner) has been an eye-opening experience. At the end of season four, Kayce experienced a number of harrowing and cryptic visions. This could be a sign that changes will have to be made if the Duttons are to survive with the beloved ranch. Although the series is so popular, Grimes opened up about how much life there is left in the show. READ MORE: 'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams BBC He told The Hollywood Reporter: "I know what I’ve heard firsthand from the source himself. "But I also heard that before it became the biggest show on the planet, and when something becomes this big, I know there’s a lot of pressure to keep it going. "But I do know that Taylor would never let it go past its due date.” He was also asked whether he thought the show was reaching its endgame with season five. The star said it would be down to Taylor Sheridan to make the final call. He added: "We’re never going to jump the shark. "So I’m sure he could figure out a way to make it a little longer and keep its quality as good as he wants it to be. But I don’t know. "I wouldn’t want it to go past its due date either. I mean, it’s fun to do. "I love the cast and crew, but once any great show outlives its material, it’s no fun for anybody." He did not specify when the series would end but the fact is, Sheridan is not going to be 'flogging a dead horse'. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser opens up on back injury 'Couldn’t move aroun [INSIGHT] Yellowstone season 5 theory: Kayce to abandon Dutton Ranch after clue? [THEORY] Yellowstone season 5: Gil Birmingham shares disappointing update [DISCUSSION] At the end of April 2022 he said production on season five is due to start "in a few weeks". With this in mind, he was unable to give away any idea of where Kayce will be in the upcoming episodes. Sheridan told Variety the new season was on track to start filming later in May. Season five will be made up of 14 episodes, instead of the usual 10. He also suggested season five would return in August or September 2022, but this has not been confirmed. The new season will pick up where the previous season left off — with John Dutton launching a bid for governor. It promises to be the biggest yet, with Paramount splitting the 14 episodes into two seven-episode instalments. Hopefully, fans will not have to wait as long to find out what move John Dutton makes next.  Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network soon. Season 4 of Yellowstone is now available exclusively on Peacock along with seasons 1-3.