Liverpool could pocket a cool £93million if they beat Real Madrid in the Champions League final on Saturday, with the losing side only missing out on an extra £3.8m. But due to their domination over the past decade, Los Blancos are set to earn more than Liverpool even if they lose.  Due to the prize money that Liverpool have accumulated over this season's Champions League, they are set to receive £93m with a win over Madrid, although Los Blancos can expect £102m should they be successful in Paris, according to The Mirror. Both sides have been racking up their prize funds over the course of the competition, with Liverpool edging the totals due to winning all of their group matches. But Madrid will still earn more than the Reds due to their recent run in the Champions League. Los Blancos are already guaranteed to collect £100m regardless of the outcome on Saturday, and that's because of their superior ten-year coefficient. Madrid have won four Champions League titles over the last 10 years, and they haven't lost a European final since 1981, when it was Liverpool that stopped them in Paris. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Scholes backs ruthless Erik ten Hag decisions - 'Expect them to be gone'  Madrid wrapped up a dominant decade in Europe with three consecutive Champions League titles between 2016 and 2018, with their last success coming against Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool side. This is Liverpool's third Champions League final since 2017, as they look to knock Madrid off their throne. The Champions League is the competition that every European club wants to be a part of, and that's not only due to its prestige but also the finances as well. Just for qualifying the prize on offer is £13.1m, with an extra £2.4m up for grabs with every group game won.  DON'T MISSArsenal 'outbid West Ham' with Aaron Hickey offer as transfer business begins [GOSSIP]Chelsea boss Tuchel urged to re-sign defender who 'man-marked Mo Salah out of a game' [QUOTES]Cristiano Ronaldo 'missing farewell meal' speaks volumes about Man Utd star [OPINION] And should you advance to the knockout stages then an additional bonus of £8.1m will be awarded. Quarter-finalists earn a further £9m, with £10.5m available on top of that should you reach the last four of the competition. And finally, the last two teams, in this case Liverpool and Madrid, both receive £13.1m for reaching the last stage with a small increase of £3.8m the final incentive for the top dog. But those figures do not include matchday or broadcast income, meaning the overall takings for the campaign will exceed £100m.  But the money doesn't stop there, as an additional £3.5m will be given to the winner for setting up a Super Cup final against Europa League winners Eintracht Frankfurt. Liverpool almost achieved the maximum prize money possible this season after almost completing the domestic treble. Liverpool can complete the clean sweep of cup competitions with a win over Real Madrid after beating Chelsea in both the Carabao Cup final and the FA Cup final. But they had to settle for second in the Premier League, although Manchester City almost messed it up on the final day.  Their failure to catch City ended their chances of securing the quadruple, something that has never been done before by an English side. But the treble remains on the cards, and Liverpool will be eager to end the season in style. Liverpool go into the game as favourites as they have been all season in every cup competition. But regardless of the result, the prize money will go a long way as Klopp looks to sustain Liverpool's recent dominance. 