Erik ten Hag has been mobbed by fans ahead of Manchester United's Premier League clash with Crystal Palace. The Dutchman will replace Ralf Rangnick after today's game at Selhurst Park. And the Red Devils will be hopeful of putting on a show for the 52-year-old at Selhurst Park today. Ten Hag was confirmed as United’s new boss last month, with the club choosing him over the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. And the 52-year-old will be watching today’s match with Palace from the stands after jetting into England. Ten Hag was surrounded by a crowd as he arrived in London, with security ushering him through the doors of Selhurst. The footage was uploaded by journalist Alex Howell, with Ten Hag cutting a relaxed figure as he strolled through the crowd. It’s believed he’ll be watching the game along with Steve McClaren, who is poised to become part of the Dutchman’s coaching staff. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings McClaren previously served under Sir Alex Ferguson, with the duo helping United win the Premier League, FA Cup and Champions League treble in 1999. As well as McClaren, Mitchell van der Gaag will also be working with United players next season. The Dutchman had been linked with the Ajax job in the wake of the news that Ten Hag would be moving to the Premier League. Yet he’s chosen to work under Ten Hag at Old Trafford, with United hopeful they can endure a much better campaign next time out. Harry Maguire was asked about the new United boss prior to today’s match in the capital. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag The Red Devils skipper starts against Palace today after returning from injury. And Maguire has admitted that he hopes United can give him something to smile about, while also insisting players were excited over Ten Hag’s appointment. He said: ”The lads have not seen or spoken to him yet. “I am sure he has an eye on our game and fixture today. “We are all looking forward to working with him." THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ralf Rangnick, meanwhile, has admitted he wishes his United reign had gone better prior to Ten Hag’s imminent arrival. "I'm more than self-critical. I should have done better" said the former RB Leipzig and Hoffenheim boss. "I expected that me and my coaching staff could have developed this team in a more sustainable kind of way. “We couldn’t and it’s not only the players who should be blamed, it should be ourselves. “We all could and should have done better but there are obvious reasons why it didn't happen.”