The 33-year-old was last seen alive in her home town of Burnley on Friday, April 22, at 9.30am, when it is believed she got into a van. Lancashire Police said officers made the discovery on Friday night in an area of the Forest of Bowland after receiving new information about the body's whereabouts. Detectives said although they are not in a position to formally confirm the identity, they believe the body is hers. A Home Office post-mortem examination will be carried out to establish the cause of death. Det Supt Gary Brooks said: "After extensive inquiries and a number of days searching I can now sadly confirm that we have found a body and at this time we believe it to be that of Katie Kenyon. "Katie's family have been told and my heart goes out to them at this time. "We have specially trained officers supporting them at this difficult time. "I would like to thank the public and media for all the help they have given us during what has been a protracted, complex and emotive search. "I would also like to thank both the partner agencies and all of the police officers and staff involved in the search for Katie. While this is not the conclusion to those searches any of us would have wished for, I know the family appreciate those efforts."  More than 60 specialist search officers, dog units, mounted police, fire service officers, mountain rescue volunteers and drones were involved in the search which included the 3,000-acre Gisburn Forest, 23 miles from Burnley, and the Forest of Bowland. A JustGiving page in her memory had raised more than £8,300 last night. A message from the family read: "Our heart-breaking nightmare began when our Katie was taken away from her children and family far too soon. "We as a family are putting together this JustGiving page for Katie to have the best send-off that Katie deserves and for Katie's son and daughter and their future, to fulfil Katie's dreams she had planned with her children." Ms Kenyon's ex-partner, Andrew Burfield, 50, was charged with murder in connection with her disappearance before her body was found. He appeared by video-link from HMP Preston on Friday, at Preston Crown Court. Burfield, of Burnley, was remanded in custody and a trial date was set for November 14. 