Leicester will not reach the inaugural Europa Conference League final after being swatted aside by AS Roma in Italy. The Foxes had to win at the Stadio Olimpico but Tammy Abraham's early header was enough to win the tie. Gary Lineker had a classy message for AS Roma after travelling to watch his beloved Leicester crash out of the Europa Conference League. The Foxes had reached the semi-finals in a solid effort from Brendan Rodgers' men. But they could not breach the final hurdle with Jose Mourinho's side in the way and it will be Roma facing Feyenoord in Tirana for the first-ever Europa Conference League final. Leicester will feel aggrieved after getting so far but ran out of steam in Rome. Former Chelsea star Abraham was the difference on the night when his early header set apart the two sides. The first leg ended 1-1 at the King Power Stadium, meaning that Leicester had to win in Italy - a steep task. And it proved to be the case despite a strong showing in the second half but the Romans stood firm and denied Leicester the chance to reach a European final. It has been a cruel couple of nights for English teams, with West Ham and Manchester City also bowing out at the semi-final stage of the Europa League and Champions League respectively. But Leicester's most famous fan Lineker, who quit BT Sport last season to watch his local team around Europe, was graceful in defeat after making his way to the Stadio Olimpico with his sons. He said: "Gutted and it was a poor game, but never thought I’d see @lcfc in a European semifinal. Wonderful occasion and atmosphere and good luck to @ASRomaEN in the final." Lineker was not the only emotional one as Mourinho broke into tears at full-time after becoming the first manager ever to reach all three finals of the three European competitions. The former Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham manager insisted that this was the equivalent to a Champions League final for Roma. "When you work in Rome, live in Rome and breathe Rome, you breathe this club because it is the real club of the city. I felt from day one it is huge. But no victories and not many finals. The history is not related to the social dimension of the club. "We managed to build an OK team that grew step by step so we could beat a Premier League team. I am very emotional. Of course I have had bigger moments than this but I am not feeling for myself, I am feeling for the people and my players. This for us, is our Champions League."