When Chloe Harris (played by Jessie Elland) first appeared in Emmerdale, Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton) warned her dad was extremely dangerous and made his daughter’s life a living hell. Although little is known about the father’s identity, he may finally arrive in the village following the revelation Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) has been stalking Chloe.  Earlier in the week, Chloe was horrified to discover Noah had developed an unhealthy obsession with her. After releasing he had been stalking her for months, Chloe attempted to get away from Noah but was prevented from doing so. Explaining his actions, Noah said: “I like you, I wanted to get to know you better.” “Normal people just ask,” the terrified girl hit back. Read more: Emmerdale theory: Gabby Thomas jailed as Will Taylor dies from gunshot Chloe then recalled how her dad spied on her and watched her every move. “You’re just like my dad. He had me tracked, he had me spied on and you know how that made me feel. You’re just like him,” she exclaimed. “No, do you know what? You’re worse because you actually made me believe I could trust you.” Could this mention of Chloe’s father be a sign he’s planning to turn up uninvited? Speaking about her mysterious on-screen father, Emmerdale actress Jessie teased his arrival. She said: “I think it’s so amazing that a character that has been off-screen has had such an influence in a character on-screen if that makes sense! “There’s so much stuff that could happen if we were to see him, it’s very exciting. “Her dad had her followed and watched. She told Noah about that and how that affected her, so there was a lot for her to take in and deal with and process.” DON'T MISSEmmerdale theory: Leyla's life on the line over Suzy secret [THEORY]Emmerdale theory: Cain turns back on Faith after tragic secret exposed [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Moira Barton and Faith Dingle [SPOILER] Speaking about her mysterious on-screen father, Emmerdale actress Jessie teased his arrival. She said: “I think it’s so amazing that a character that has been off-screen has had such an influence in a character on-screen if that makes sense! “There’s so much stuff that could happen if we were to see him, it’s very exciting. “Her dad had her followed and watched. She told Noah about that and how that affected her, so there was a lot for her to take in and deal with and process.” “I had that in mind, and how this affected her and Noah’s relationship, and she thought they were friends,” she continued. “Those were two really important dynamics in the story as well.” Could Chloe’s father have found out about Noah’s creepy behaviour and be on the hunt for revenge? Kerry, who has taken Chloe under her wing, pushed Noah into an empty grave in an effort to scare him. However, Thursday’s instalment concluded with Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) pondering on the fate of her son. It’s not yet clear whether she’ll report her son or protect him. But if Charity does make excuses for Noah, Chloe’s dad may force him to be accountable for his actions. Will the sinister figure arrive in the village to kill Noah in a bid to protect and ultimately control his daughter? Emmerdale airs on ITV on weekdays at 7pm.