Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has been told he needs to sell Christian Pulisic and Timo Werner this summer. Former Blues defender Frank Leboeuf and ex-West Ham goalkeeper Shaka Hislop have given their opinions on the attacking duo ahead of potential summer incomings. Pulisic has struggled for game time since the most recent international break. The USA international was guilty of missing a huge chance in both the FA Cup final and Thursday's 1-1 draw against Leicester which cost his side. The winger has struggled with fitness and injury problems since joining Chelsea from Borussia Dortmund in 2019. And Leboeuf believes a sale would suit both Tuchel and Pulisic at this point in the player's career. The Frenchman told ESPN FC: "Well I think our American audience won't be happy. I think I would get rid of Mr Pulisic. READ MORE: 'Feeling' Sir Jim Ratcliffe wants to buy Man Utd from the Glazers after failed Chelsea bid  "I think there was a question mark about the fact that he was more influential with the national team than he is for Chelsea. And I think with the future of Chelsea, I don't see him playing a lot. "So that's more advice than a fact of me willing to see him leaving. I think if he wants to play next season, if he still wants to play Captain America, he will have to go to find another team to play [for]. "Because if Pulisic stays with Werner, Havertz, Mount and maybe another one coming, if there is a possibility for the club to do so, I don't see Pulisic playing. "And he never showed it was absolutely crucial to have Christian in the first XI. So I think he will have to go." DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag questioned over two 'unimaginative' transfer targets [OPINION]Ralf Rangnick pinpoints biggest disappointment ahead of final Man Utd game [QUOTES]Ian Wright gives Arsenal harsh reality check ahead of top four disappointment [VERDICT]  Meanwhile, Hislop believes Werner is the player Tuchel has to prioritise selling this summer. He reckons keeping the German will have a negative impact on the club's wage structure ahead of bringing in new signings. Hislop said: "If I'm looking to offload attacking talent, I'm looking squarely at Timo Werner. One of the highest earners at the football club. "Though he has enjoyed decent runs under Thomas Tuchel, I don't think he's ever delivered. The challenge when you have a player like Timo Werner, who isn't producing and yet is one of the highest earners at the club, anyone coming in, that is going to be the bar. "If you bring in any world class talent, they are going to ask for Timo Werner money. You can't bring in five or six players and they all be on that kind of money."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here