Michael Owen has explained the surprising comment he made after Liverpool lost 1-0 to Real Madrid in the Champions League final. Owen claimed that despite the defeat, Liverpool were still the best team in the world as fellow pundit Rio Ferdinand was left shocked. Speaking in the aftermath of the final, former Liverpool and Real Madrid striker Owen was asked if he believes the defeat will change how Jurgen Klopp approaches big games. He said: "I don't think it'll change much about how [Klopp] will approach the game, that just happens sometimes. I still think they're the best team in Europe, I really do. On other occasions, they'd be getting their name etched in the trophy.” Former Manchester United defender Ferdinand was shocked at Owen’s claim, and said: "How can you say they're the best team in Europe? They've just lost the league and the Champions League final," before adding: "I don't think they're the best team in Europe, I think you've got to win the biggest trophies to be considered the best. They're an unbelievably exciting team, the points tally they've got in the league, the consistency in which they've played, they've competed in every single game available to them, but you've got to get your hands on the big trophies to be called outright the best team in Europe. "I don't think they'll be considered that and it would be disrespectful to Real Madrid to say that." Owen then took to Twitter to clarify his position. He said: “When a team beats another it doesn’t necessarily mean they are better. Would you back Madrid to beat Liverpool if they played again next week? Or Man City for that matter who dominated them for 160/180 minutes. I’ve so much respect for Madrid but simply think Liverpool are better.” Following the match in Paris, which saw Vinicius Jr score the only goal of the game in Real Madrid’s win over Liverpool, Owen said: "The season they've had, I still think they're the team to beat. Real Madrid have got past them today, but you know as well as anyone that a one-off game is a one-off game. “I still think they're the most fearsome team in Europe and they've not got any of the big two trophies to show for it, that'll be the biggest pill to swallow." Owen believed that Liverpool would be clear winners and lift their seventh European Cup, as he tweeted on Saturday before kick-off: “Paris is bouncing. Two European heavyweights about to go head to head. It’s a miracle that Madrid have made the final but in Liverpool they face their biggest challenge. I can see the reds winning this comfortably.” Quoting his own tweet, the ex-Liverpool star added: “I love how this tweet has got so much traction. As a pundit, we are meant to give a view. I obviously got this one wrong, like a lot of people who also fancied Liverpool. Incidentally, Stevie G and Rio both said the same as me on air. But you lot know more than us….”