And make no mistake this was a huge thing – both constitutionally and in terms of the Queen herself. Because it marked the beginning of an era none of us want to have to contemplate – an admission that at 96 the woman who has served this nation so loyally, so dutifully had no choice but to take a step back because of increasing mobility issues. We knew it was coming – she’s 96 for goodness’ sake. But knowing it was coming doesn’t make it any easier to accept because the Queen has been front and centre of the monarchy for longer than most of us have been alive. All the other royals are the stars that circle around her orbit which is both dazzling and comforting in equal measure. She is the bedrock of this nation. Prime Ministers come and go, public figures burn bright then fade into obscurity and yes, the world continues to change – but the Queen has always been there. She’s our stability. But in recent months, it’s been hard not to notice how frail she has become. Until a year ago she still looked robust. If she had health problems she hid them. But lately, that’s changed. She’s lost weight, she’s stooped and her once full-face looks thin and gaunt. Yes, her smile can still light up a room, the mischief, alongside the steel, is still in her eyes but at 96 her body is failing her. Today, Prince Charles delivered the speech his mother has made nearly every year since 1952 while she sits at home watching it on TV (she’s missed it only twice when she was pregnant with Andrew and Edward). And none of us should underestimate what a milestone this must have been for her. Because this isn’t just her missing an engagement to the theatre, or an opening, or a garden party. It’s bigger than all of that. It’s literally the beginning of the end of her active reign and none of us can know what that means to a woman whose life has been devoted to duty and service to her country. And while I could talk about what was in the speech I’ll leave that to others because while the content of it is important to the country, the Queen’s inability to deliver it is a different, more worrying thing. Because we’re stepping into unfamiliar territory – territory we’re not going to like. Because I think our love of the monarchy, our reverence and respect for it is all wrapped up with our reverence and respect for one woman – the Queen. She is the linchpin of the monarchy upon which everything else pivots and if she’s not there – does any of it really matter anymore? And that’s why her pulling out of the State Opening of Parliament is so significant. Because it feels like the cornerstone upon which the whole institution is built is becoming unstable. If the Queen isn’t leading the institution – what’s going to happen to it? She has made the role of Sovereign hers and hers alone. The Crown, the responsibility, the job will never sit on anyone’s head and shoulders the way it sits so perfectly on hers. Yes, Prince Charles has been stepping up to do her duties which is admirable and absolutely the right thing to do. And one day he will be king. But our axis is shifting – and it's unsettling. If I had a wish it would be that the Queen conserves the strength, the resilience and the sense of fun we know she still has to be at the heart of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. It’s important she sees this nation show its love for her. It’s equally important we thank her for who she is and what she’s done for us – even if it’s one of the last times we do before she retreats from public life. That phrase in the national anthem “Long to reign over us...” was written for Elizabeth II. She was born to do a job that no one else will ever be able to do the way she has because its hers – and hers alone. She needs to know that’s how we feel.