Bank holiday Monday has arrived, with many shops observing reduced hours to mark the national ‘day off’. While many people will use the extra time to kick-back and relax, millions of Britons will take the time to get some long-overdue jobs done around the house. Whether you’re preparing for a day filled with DIY and decorating, or simply need a few essentials, these are the opening hours you need to know for Homebase, Wickes, B&Q and Screwfix for Monday, May 2. DIY is one of the nation’s favourite tasks to do on the bank holiday weekend, with many homeowners setting off to source the essentials to get the job done. Whether you’re painting, building or looking for some new furniture to spruce up your home and garden, there are plenty of stores with plenty of stock to help you get exactly what you need. Wickes, B&Q, Homebase and Screwfix are just some of the most popular retailers for household items, but will stores be open today? READ MORE: UK weather: Britons face Bank Holiday freeze as chilly blast hits  Homebase is one of the UK’s most popular home furnishing stores, and it will remain open to customers across the country today. The retailer’s normal opening hours of 8am to 8pm are unchanged for most stores, despite other shops operating reduced hours. In some local stores, opening hours could differ - with several stores closing at an earlier time of 7pm. It is recommended that you use the online Homebase store locator tool to check the opening hours of your nearest branch. According to its website, Wickes will continue to trade during its standard working hours this bank holiday Monday. Customers will be able to shop in stores from 7am, with most branches open until 7pm. It is important to note that local store opening times may vary, so it is best to check before visiting your nearest site. You can do this by using the Wickes store locator tool on the retailer’s official website. DON'T MISS:Traffic chaos expected for bank holiday weekend with 16m hitting roads [INSIGHT]Eid al-Fitr 2022 start and end: Key dates you need to know [REVEALMet Office forecast 'heavy' rain as Brits brace for weekend washout [ANALYSIS] Recognised as one of the most popular home and garden retailers in the country, B&Q is expected to see thousands of customers flock to stores across the nation this bank holiday Monday. B&Q tends to operate normal opening hours on bank holidays, and it seems that this will be the case today too. DIY shoppers can visit stores between 8am and 8pm, though local sites may operate with varied hours. It is best to check your local store opening times using the B&Q ‘find a store’ tool online. All Screwfix stores will be open as normal today, as is the case on most bank holiday dates. Stores across the UK will be open from 7am to 8pm, with plenty of time for customers to visit their local branch. If you want to check your local store opening times, you can do so on the Screwfix website.