The Royal Family Twitter account shared a photograph of the Earl and Countess of Wessex saying: "Getting into the Jubilee spirit on the Isle of Wight! "At the Agricultural Society’s Education Day, The Earl and Countess of Wessex joined local school children for some #PlatinumJubilee pizza making, as well as meeting some of the Island’s animal residents." The royal couple were all smiles while visiting the Isle of Wight school and meeting the pupils and teachers. For the occasion, Sophie opted for a long floral dress which she combined with an elegant white blazer. The summery dress featured a blue and white ruffle skirt and a white top. The Countess of Wessex combined her stylish look with a blue clutch bag and white heels. The royal opted for a natural make-up look with a dash of mascara and styled her hair in a chic half updo. To help children make pizzas, Prince Edward and Sophie wore cute matching aprons. Fans took to social media to comment on Sophie's fashion choice to visit the Isle of Wight.  Twitter user @Lea_Rebekka_ commented: "Sophie Wessex is fabulous in florals." Royal watcher @royalfocus1 said: "So good to see Edward and Sophie more and more." Another one, @Suzanne_Brmptn, simply said: "Wonderful." Royal fan and Twitter user @loveforcambridg added: "Love this!" Another social media user, @toriaa_h, commented: "Obsessed with those aprons!" The royal couple visited the school for Agricultural Society’s Education Day. Prince Edward is also taking part in the activities at the Isle of Wight's Independent Arts charity. The local charity helps to improve wellbeing, quality of life and reduce social isolation through the use of art. Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward were seen at the Chelsea Flower Show earlier this week. The Queen, Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo also attended the event. The Countess of Wessex looked stunning in a Gabriela Hearst light pink blazer and matching trousers. Sophie accessorised her look with a light brown handbag by Sophie Habsburg and matching wedges, the Penelope Chilver 'Tango' heels.