   Lorraine Kelly has confessed she can “never take her job for granted” because her contract at ITV is up every couple of years. Speaking in a new interview, the presenter, 62, claimed she was formerly booted from her main role at GMTV after going on maternity leave and giving birth to her daughter Rosie.       Lorraine opened up about the difficult moment to Sophie Ellis-Bextor on her Spinning Plates podcast. Sophie asked Lorrained about when she found out that her job was “not waiting for her” when she returned from maternity leave and whether it was something that “felt of that time”. Speaking about her gig with GMTV, Lorraine reflected: “Yes, it was 94. It wouldn’t happen now. I just don’t see it happening now.” “You know what it’s like if you’re freelance,” she continued. “My contract is up every couple of years. READ MORE: Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video     “I never take it for granted that it’s going to get renewed even after all this time, because you never know - you just never know. “You’re not guaranteed a job for life and certainly not in TV,” she admitted. “TV can be really ruthless.” Referring to how she felt after returning from maternity leave, she explained: “I really don’t take anything for granted and I think it probably stems from that experience.” Lorraine went on to suggest that it might not be “such a bad thing” and that she shouldn’t feel “entitled to be in people’s living rooms every morning for the rest of her life”.      However, Sophie pointed out that there was a difference between “feeling entitled to have a job” and to having a reasonable emotional response after finding out “they’ve decided you’re not coming back because you’ve had a baby.” Meanwhile Lorraine insisted: “Yeah, I know, and it was just because they wanted a change. That was all. I didn’t suddenly become terrible and they didn’t suddenly become monsters. They just could, so they did.” During the podcast, Lorraine went on to admit she put so much pressure on herself to keep working that she was still at her job two weeks before her daughter was born. She also spoke about how childcare provisions and attitudes towards parenting had slowly been improving in the workplace. READ MORE... Louise Minchin says husband's warning prompted Breakfast exit [INSIGHT] Holly Willoughby stuns fans as she strips off for selfie after shower [LATEST] Rebekah Vardy was 'more interested in taking selfies' than football [UPDATE]      The ITV presenter pointed out that no woman should have to make “the terrible choice of career or children.” She added that she had gotten into the habit of asking men about how they juggle parenting and their career - a question typically aimed only at women in most interview situations. In January 1993, Lorraine helped launch GMTV by presenting a range of programmes. Her first job was presenting the new Top of the Morning and in March, when Fiona Armstrong exited the central GMTV show, she moved to present the main breakfast show with Eamonn Holmes.      Lorraine went on maternity leave in June of the following year and was sacked shortly afterwards from the main presenting roles. The star returned in November, 1994 to do a mother and baby slot, which thankfully led her to become presenter of Nine O'Clock Live. The show was so popular that it was moved to the earlier 08.35 slot, which was retitled Lorraine Live. Spinning plates with Sophie Ellis-Bextor is available to listen to here. Lorraine airs on weekdays at 9am on ITV. Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment.  