Arsenal have held talks with Gabriel Jesus’ representatives ahead of a summer in which they will prioritise signing strikers, the Manchester City ace’s agent has revealed. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta is braced for the departures of Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah, leaving him in desperate need of fresh striking options. Lacazette and Nketiah are both set to leave once their contracts expire at the end of June. Man City forward Jesus has been mooted as a possible target, with agent Marcelo Pettinati confirming that the Brazilian ‘likes the project’ at the Emirates Stadium. "We had talks with Arsenal about Gabriel Jesus, we like the project - it’s a possibility we’re discussing," said Pettinati, according to Fabrizio Romano. "There are six more clubs interested in Gabriel - he’s focused on final games with Man City, we’ll see." Arsenal received a boost in the efforts to sign Jesus on Wednesday as City announced the blockbuster signing of Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. It gives the 25-year-old yet another player with whom he must compete for game time at the Etihad Stadium. But even if they do sign Jesus, it has been widely reported that Arsenal and Arteta would prefer to sign another striker before the start of next season. Express Sport looks at three potential options. READ MORE: Gabriel Jesus 'likes Arsenal project' after discreet transfer meeting Darwin Nunez Arsenal tried to sign Dusan Vlahovic in January before the Serbian hotshot opted to join Juventus from Fiorentina instead. They could now move on to another of Europe’s most highly-rated forwards in Nunez. The Uruguayan has been excellent for Benfica and gave Liverpool a scare in the Champions League. He scored twice across the two legs as the Reds just about saw off Benfica in the quarter-final. Nunez has scored 34 goals this season, including an impressive record of 26 strikes in 28 Portuguese Liga matches. He will surely move on to a bigger club in the summer, with Arsenal keeping tabs. DON'T MISS...Arsenal legend Seaman sends warning to Chelsea with NLD predictionArsenal could face £14.1m loss as West Ham willing to make high offerMan City's Haaland deal may spark transfer merry-go-round with 7 deals Alexander Isak Swede striker Isak has been on the scene for a while despite still being 22. He made his senior debut in the Swedish top tier in 2015 before earning a big move to Borussia Dortmund. Isak failed to make the grade in Germany and was sold to Real Sociedad in 2019 - flourishing in La Liga. He marked his debut campaign with nine goals before bagging 17 the year after. The goals have dried up slightly this term, with the youngster scoring just five times in 30 games. Arsenal could help Isak rekindle the form he produced during his early career in Spain. Armando Broja Arsenal could go more left-field and tempt London rivals Chelsea to sell Southampton loanee Broja. With sanctioned owner Roman Abramovich set to hand over the Stamford Bridge keys to Todd Boehly, the Blues no longer have a bottomless stash of cash and could need to sell players to recoup funds. Broja came through the Chelsea academy and made his debut under Frank Lampard. He was then loaned to Vitesse Arnhem before being thrust into top-flight football with Southampton at the start of this season. The 22-year-old has scored nine goals across all competitions with the Saints, who are keen to make his deal permanent. But Arsenal can provide evidence of young forwards being given a chance, and Broja will could see himself thriving in North London.