Michael Andretti has been linked with a move into Formula 1 for some time now, and it appears the former superstar driver rallied support for his case at the inaugural Miami Grand Prix last weekend. The 59-year-old is hoping to convince teams and the FIA to allow an 11th spot on the grid for an extra team. The talk of Andretti entering F1 from IndyCar appeared to just be rumours and speculation, but the American then signed an engine deal with Renault. He also held serious talks with Alfa Romeo about possibly taking over the team. However, those talks broke down - and Andretti is now assessing his options. The last one remaining is to own his own team, and he appeared to be convincing fellow team bosses to support his move. Pictures from the paddock in Miami show that the team boss was lobbying hard to get approval from all the teams, holding meetings with Red Bull and Alfa Romeo. For example, F1 journalist Jenna Fryer revealed that Andretti met with Christian Horner to consult him on the proposition, with images circulating on the internet. READ MORE: Hamilton 'might have minor surgery' as Kravitz shares update Fryer posted photos of Andretti with a letter asking to support his bid to enter F1, with the likes of Alpine and McLaren reportedly signing. Laurent Rossi appears to have signed on the behalf of the French team, Zak Brown signed to represent McLaren’s backing to the project. For Andretti, he clearly saw the highly-anticipated Miami Grand Prix as a key chance to make an impression and network around the paddock. The American reportedly wants to be on the grid with his own team as early as 2024. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton causes stir in hot pink outfit at Miami Grand PrixPiers Morgan's brutal swipe at David Beckham as he attends Grand PrixJeremy Clarkson unleashes fury over James Corden at Grand Prix Horner’s star Max Verstappen took the chequered flag at the celebrity-laden event ahead of Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc, whose lead at the top of the Drivers’ Championship over the Dutchman has been cut to just 19 points. Leclerc’s teammate Carlos Sainz completed the podium with his P3 finish. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona on May 22.