Wendy (played by Susan Cookson) has become entangled with a few characters' storylines on Emmerdale because she is a nurse and is either seen working in the community or at the local hospital. It is because of her vocation she finds herself stumbling upon Faith Dingle's (Sally Dexter) secret she has secondary cancer and she has begun treatment to keep her symptoms at bay. However, if the matriarch of the Dingle clan suddenly dies and they believe Wendy was the only one who knew about Faith's illness, they could accuse her of taking their mother away from them on the ITV soap. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Faith arrives for her first chemotherapy appointment, with Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) being the only person who knows she's going. With her daughter in law busy at work, the matriarch is forced to face the treatment alone and sitting there watching the other patients, she pines for her son Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) and daughter, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter). What makes her situation worse is when she watches another patient being comforted by their son, something she doesn't think she would ever get from Cain. As she gets to speak with the other patients, she talks about how her family have no problems and they are completely harmonious. She lies about where her children are, unaware that outside the door, Wendy has been listening to the whole conversation. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast Faith is mortified to have been caught out by Wendy, uneasy over the thought someone else knows her secret and the risk of it becoming public knowledge is significantly higher. As she sits with her neighbour and talks about her diagnosis, the nurse says she doesn't blame her for painting a false picture about her family. Wendy explains she does the same when it comes to talking about her son, Lee Posner (Kris Mochrie), who was a rapist. She also tells the matriarch she will keep her secret but this could come back to bite her if Faith does pass away in the coming months. The beloved character has been told she will never fully recover from this cancer but she will be treated to prolong her life. If Faith ends up dying sooner than expected, she might have not had enough time to tell her children the truth about her diagnosis. Therefore, as they grieve for their loss, Wendy could eventually tell them she knew the truth but wanted to keep her promise to their mother. Moira could stay quiet about the fact she also knew and seeing their reaction to Wendy, she might never tell them. Cain and Chas could tell Wendy it is all her fault their mother died as if they had known about the cancer, they would have done all they could to keep her alive. But because that opportunity was taken away from them, they could be furious and look into getting Wendy fired from her position. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] Will Wendy become a new enemy of the Dingle clan and just how long will she last in the village if they continue their vendetta against her? As Wendy's fate lies in the balance, Chas will become suspicious of what Moira is hiding from the family when she spots her talking to a half-naked Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter). Confronting her sister in law, Chas doesn't buy her innocent explanation of events and believes the pair are resuming their affair. The situation isn't helped when Moira takes a private call with Faith and stood the other side of the door, Chas misinterprets the conversation. All she knows is Moira is arranging to meet someone in secret and thinking this is Nate, she sets to catch the pair in the act. The very next day, Chas finds her sister in law in her robe and bursts into the bedroom in the hope to find Nate waiting for his lover. However, Chas finds her mother sitting there instead and the situation turns awkward when Faith continues to hide her illness. Trying to explain herself to her daughter, the matriarch ends up stumbling through the conversation and leaves Chas and Moira stunned as she becomes so flustered. Seeing the impact hiding her secret is having on the family, Faith resolves she is going to have to go through this alone. Will Wendy be a new confidant for the beloved character as she ventures through one of the darkest chapters of her life? Speaking about the new storyline for her character, the actress who plays Faith, Sally, said it was important to show it on-screen. Sally said: "Faith didn't know exactly what the situation was, so she wanted to keep it to herself until she knew exactly what it was. "She didn't want people to worry unnecessarily. Neither did she want them to pity her, especially if there isn't anything to be pitiable about. "Faith felt that, if she revealed her worst fears, suddenly she would be a different person in other people's eyes. "She feared that they would not see her – they'd see her condition rather than her as a person," she told Digital Spy but could Wendy help her to open up to her family? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.