“Pancreatic cancer can be noticed through your stool,” said Monika Wassermann, Medical Director at Olio Lusso. The expert explained exactly how number two could indicate the cancer and one tell is a “terrible smell”. She said: “You may have steatorrhea, which is pale and oily poop. “Its size can be big with a terrible smell. “You will notice it floating and hard to flush down, probably due to the fat in it. “The condition can cause reduced pancreatic enzymes release, which results in improper fat breakdown.” READ MORE: Bowel cancer: Deborah James on initial symptoms - ‘I knew there was something wrong'  The American Cancer Society adds that light-coloured or greasy stools are triggered by bilirubin problems. Bilirubin describes a yellowish pigment that is produced during the normal breakdown of red blood cells, according to the Mayo Clinic. This pigment normally gives your poo the characteristic brown colour. However, if the bile duct gets blocked, your poo might change to a lighter, greyish tint.  “Also, if bile and pancreatic enzymes can’t get through to the intestines to help break down fats, the stools can become greasy and might float in the toilet,” the organisation warns. This can leave your stools loose, watery, oily and with a bad smell. The Columbia Surgery also notes that your poo might appear bulky. However, they warn that oily stools don’t necessarily need to be caused by pancreatic cancer as there are also other triggers.  Wassermann added: “Other times, patients may experience constipation because digestion is slower, making the stool dry and overwhelming when pooping.” However, toilet signs aren’t the only symptoms of pancreatic cancer. The NHS also list these tell-tale signs to spot: The NHS urges seeing a GP if you suffer from symptoms like these. They share: “You might find you get used to them. But it's important to be checked.” This is especially crucial if your symptoms change, get worse or don’t feel normal to you. The doctor may conduct some examinations and ask for pee or blood samples.