The Edinburgh-based driver had parked his red Skoda in a car park in Currie on the outskirts of the city. From photos taken later that night it would seem he or she ended up having to abandon it temporarily after being left unable to get back inside it. Images of the car showed how the pranksters had left no area of the car uncovered, with a thick layer of the plastic wrapped around the model several times, reported Edinburgh Live. Pieces of cardboard from the cling film boxes could also be seen tucked under the layers, making the door handles, bonnet and boot completely inaccessible. The motivation for the stunt is currently unknown, however, with images snapped of the Skoda at around 10.30pm, the vehicle had clearly been abandoned by its owner. Sharing the pictures, a local resident said: "It was completely covered all the way down to the wheels. READ MORE: The UK is nowhere near ready for electric vehicles "There's no way you'd be getting back in that easy, you'd have to be so careful too trying to cut it all out in case you scratched all the paint work. "Can't imagine someone's going to be too happy about it." While the perpetrators likely didn’t break any laws by wrapping up the car, there have been laws based around ‘tampering’ with cars discussed by MPs this year. Back in April, an e-petition with over 100,000 was debated in Commons titled “Do not implement proposed new offences for vehicle “tampering”. The petition stated: “The Government’s modernising vehicle standards proposal suggested new offences for tampering with a system, part or component of a vehicle intended or adapted to be used on a road. “This could have a hugely detrimental impact on the UK motorsport and custom aftermarket industry. “Modified vehicles that are used on the roads are subject to the same MOT testing as all other road cars and there are therefore adequate safeguards to ensure modified vehicles are roadworthy. “The MOT also includes emissions testing, which ensure that modified cars do not breach emission standards.” It finished: “Some modifications, such as aftermarket brake parts, can even increase safety and applying any offences to improvements like this would be illogical.” The Government response was that it “proposes to prevent ‘harmful’ tampering which can affect the safety of road users as well as that of wider society e.g. from harmful vehicle emissions, but that the Government does not seek to prevent “legitimate” vehicle modifications. It also points to the risks of relying on MOTs alone to tackle harmful tampering. It also notes that although the Government consulted on restricting vehicle modifications in 2021, it has not yet published its response, or confirmed its next steps or any legislative measures. The Government is now considering submissions and has said it will publish a response “in due course” and that legislation may be required. Meanwhile, despite often being the group of motorists most likely to modify a vehicle or even pull a prank, younger drivers are now safer than people over the age of 50, according to recent analysis. Research carried out by a leasing comparison website LeaseLoco has shown that the number of British boy races is decreasing. The data also revealed that the number of young male drivers with penalty points on their driving licences has almost halved in the last 10 years. There has been a 41 percent fall in male drivers aged 17-21 with penalty points compared to 2012.