Cristiano Ronaldo should bear the majority of the blame for Manchester United's lacklustre performances in the Premier League over the course of this season, according to former Liverpool winger John Barnes. The Red Devils limped to a sixth-placed finish with a final-day defeat at the hands of Crystal Palace on Sunday and will be playing Europa League football next season as a result of their sub-par showings in the division in recent months. Ronaldo rejoined United from Juventus over the summer and ultimately finished as his side's top scorer with 24 goals in all competitions, picking up four of the club's Player of the Month awards in the process. However, Barnes is adamant that United's squad would have performed better as a collective unit without the looming presence of Ronaldo in attack over the entirety of the campaign."When the ball does not come to him, he throws his hands up in the air," said Barnes, as reported by The Mirror. "That’s a great example, isn’t it? The harmony at Manchester United is a problem and who causes that disharmony?"He walks around as though: 'It’s the rest of them, I’m doing my job’. That’s not what a leader does, that’s what someone who does it for himself does, the fans love him and when things don’t go his way, he’s like: ‘It’s not my fault.’ JUST IN: PSG 'considering' giving Pochettino one year to wait for Guardiola "That is not what a team is all about. So we know Ronaldo has done well for himself but would you rather have no-one scoring 20 goals a season and United finishing higher up? I think they would be higher up if they had a better team. "If the harmony is better, Ronaldo won’t score the goals but the team would be a better team and would be winning matches. He detracts from other players. Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether United will be able to make progress under the watchful eye of incoming boss Erik ten Hag when the new season gets underway in a few months' time. The Dutchman has already underlined his desire to keep Ronaldo at Old Trafford over the course of this summer despite recent reports having claimed that a romantic return to Real Madrid could soon be on the cards for the five-time Ballon d'Or winner."Of course," Ten Hag told reporters when asked if Ronaldo would be in his plans at United earlier this week. "Cristiano can bring goals, but I talk first with Cristiano before I talk with you." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here