Rhona (played by Zoe Henry) was elated at the beginning of Wednesday night's instalment of Emmerdale as she and her mother, Mary Goskirk (Louise Jameson), went to collect Marlon (Mark Charnock) from the hospital. With the beloved villager being discharged for the second time in as many weeks, the trio began thinking about how they were going to work together to aid his recovery. However, with Rhona confiding in Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) about some of the troubles she is facing with her current situation, she could end up seeing her neighbour in a whole new light on the ITV soap. After leaving her mother to care for Marlon, as Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) missed his shift to look after his friend due to work commitments, Rhona headed to the café. As soon as she walked in, Bob said to her: "Take it Marlon is back home, then? Only I found a few things that might keep him occupied like puzzle magazines. "Helps with the old cognitive thing," he explained, having had some experience with strokes in the past as his best friend Terry Woods (Billy Hartman) suffered one. "That's really kind of you, Bob," Rhona replied and intrigued to find out how Marlon was doing, Bob asked: "Is he settling in ok?" "Yes, he seems to be," the vet answered before her friend asked how she was doing in light of the past couple of months. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan "I was pretty settled in before so," Rhona said, trying to make light of the situation rather than answer the real question. "You know what I mean. How are you doing?" Bob replied, knowing he needed to get an answer out of her somehow as he could see how tired she was. "I'm alright, but it's not me that's been ill, has it," the vet remarked, with Bob adding: "That's not what I'm asking and I reckon you know that." "Things are hard, right now," she continued, with her friend telling her: "I know, I've seen this before, remember. "With my Dawn and Terry, God rest them both. Everyone is so concentrated on the patient, they forget all about the carer." "But I'm not the only one," she told Bob, who said: "But you're the one that counts." Rhona finally opened up as she explained: "It's not going to help though if I start moaning on about things. 'Oh Bob, I'm drowning. Have you got three hours so I can count the waves?'" Then came along the first hint of some chemistry between the pair as Bob replied: "It's what I'm here for. I know what you're going through. "I watched my Dawn struggle. She struggled with the whole weight of it all. And yes, I kept saying all the wrong things but at least I was there to be a sounding board for her when things got tough." Although it wasn't an explicit romantic gesture, his offer to be a shoulder to cry on was a strong indicator an affair could happen. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] "And I don't mean to be too stoic," Rhona said before Bob interrupted her to remind her to be true to herself about the situation. The soap veteran added: "Well don't be, If I have learnt anything, Rhona, it's that you've got to look after yourself just as much as you need to look after Marlon. "If it helps you to chew my ear off for three hours or for as long as you want, then consider it a done deal," he told her. As he got up to clean the rest of the café, the pair shared a smile so could it be they are going to be a new couple in the village? At the moment, it seems Rhona is miles away from wanting something romantic to happen but as Marlon's recovery brings up more issues for her, she could end up relying on Bob a lot. With Marlon seeming to get along better with Mary than his own partner, Rhona could feel she is just getting in the way. As she decides to share a bottle of wine with Bob, she could explain to him how much he has meant to her over the past couple of weeks. Feeling appreciated, Bob could go in for a kiss, much to Rhona's surprise but she might not pull away and participate instead. One thing could lead to another and before they know it, they could have both cheated on their partners which would be heartbreaking. Wendy Posner (Susan Cookson) would be devastated to discover yet another man in her life has let her down again. For Rhona and Marlon, it could mean the end of their relationship as the latter cannot get over his partner betraying him in his darkest moment. She could try to explain her actions but he would not be having any of it and her mother Mary wouldn't sympathise with her either. With their romances over, Rhona and Bob could end up becoming a proper couple in the village and would face the judgement of their neighbours. However, will it last the long-term or did they jeopardise their relationships for no reason whatsoever? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.