Gary Lineker, 61, has weighed in on the infamous Rebekah Vardy vs Coleen Rooney libel trial as the two women were joined by their respective husbands in court. Gary took to Twitter to send Rebekah's husband Jamie Vardy and Coleen's husband Wayne Rooney a message. In view of his 8.4 million followers, Gary retweeted a tweet which stated that “Rooney claims all was not well behind the scenes in the England camp at Euro 2016 - as if losing to Iceland wasn't enough of a clue.” In his tweet, Gary said: “Whatever the outcome, I will always love both @WayneRooney and @vardy7” Other social media users replied to Gary’s tweet also sharing their stance on the trial. Tobermoree tweeted: “It's nothing to do with the players. “It's their wives having a little spat that they have too much money to pursue.” Sporthub365 typed: “It’s a bit mad the lads have been dragged into this.” Toffeewolfie said: “I thought it was about their wives ..not them..” Earlier today, Jamie joined his wife Rebekah in High Court on day six of the trial, an ongoing libel dispute with Coleen Rooney, dubbed 'Wagatha Christie'. Wayne has been invited up the witness box to give evidence in support of his wife, who told the court she "hated every minute" of the experience. In court, Wayne claimed that he was told to tell Jamie's wife Rebekah to "calm down" during the Euros in 2016. Speaking on the High Court steps, Jamie dismissed Wayne’s claims as “nonsense”. He said: “Wayne is talking nonsense. He must be confused because he never spoke to me about issues concerning Becky’s media work at Euro 2016. DON'T MISS...Coleen Rooney is 'different mother and wife' after her famous tweet [INSIGHT]Sir Ian McKellen brands Jake Daniels a ‘hero’ after coming out [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [INSTAGRAM] “There was nothing to speak about, I know this because I discuss everything with Becky.” Wayne had today given evidence of his "awkward" alleged conversation with Jamie regarding Rebekah. He told the court: "It was awkward for me to have to speak to a team-mate regarding his wife." The trial continues.