June is another busy month for gardeners as we prepare to head into summer at the end of the month. Like May, next month is all about preparing and maintaining the garden ready for those summer months. Certain plants can still be planted next month before temperatures really start to surge. Gardening experts from Homebase have shared their tips for gardeners looking to give their gardens a boost in June. The experts said June is a month for keeping up with mowing, pruning back flowering shrubs and planting summer beds. They said: “June is a busy time in the garden, from keeping your lawn nice and tidy, to harvesting your salad crops. “Other plants will need to be regularly watered and some may need pruning to extend their life. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow “Throughout the summer, mow lawns weekly keeping the blade on a high setting to reduce stress on the grass.” When the weather dries out, gardeners can hoe their borders. This will remove weeds and desiccate them before they have a chance to re-root in the soil. The hoe will also move better around dry soil while more damp soil can lead to clogging. June is also the month to harvest certain crops. Gardeners can harvest lettuce, radish and other salads as well as early potato crops.  DON'T MISSKate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home [INSIGHT]How to use tea bags to deter cats and foxes from ruining your garden [UPDATE]Royal Family's favourite flowers and poignant meanings explained [ANALYSIS] There’s nothing quite like a fruitful hanging basket, thriving in the summer months. The gardening experts suggested positioning the summer hanging baskets and containers outside. These need to be kept well-watered to stop them drying out in the heat. On particularly hot, sunny days, hanging baskets may need watering once a day. The gardening experts also shared other jobs gardeners can be doing in June. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea They said: “Stake tall or floppy plants to keep them strong and healthy. “Prune spring flowering shrubs to remove dead growth and maintain good shape “Plant out summer bedding plants for instant colour. “Lift and divide clumps of overcrowded bulbs to prepare the flowering next spring.”  Yellow leaves on onion and garlic crops mean the plant is ready to be harvested, so look out for this next month. It can be difficult to remember when to water plants, especially for those who don’t have a lot of time on their hands. The experts at Homebase suggested watering around the plant to a depth of around 10 inches. Watering deeply will ensure the plant is supported for around a fortnight.