The singing legend Graham McPherson, best known by his stage name Suggs, made the confession as he spoke to Richard Madeley and Charlotte Hawkins on ITV's Good Morning Britain. As they reminisced over Madness' performance at the Diamond Jubilee a decade ago, the 61-year-old shared that Princess Beatrice scolded him for spilling drinks in the famous royal residence. "I hear you got into a bit of trouble, did you drop a drink or something?" Charlotte asked. "Drink, in the main hall at Buckingham Palace!" Suggs replied. "And Princess Beatrice came running up to me and said, 'Will you stop spilling drinks on my grandma's carpet?' which was a bit of a shocker!" "You didn't get threatened with being locked in the tower or anything, no?" Charlotte joked, adding: "Just as well you're here." READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change It came as the iconic singer-songwriter reflected on the Queen's upcoming Platinum Jubilee and the well-known rooftop performance from 10 years ago. "I was there at that Diamon Jubilee concert and it was amazing," Charlotte commented. "We can't believe it was that long ago!" "Yeah, 10 years ago," Suggs responded. "Time does fly indeed." "What was it like when you were standing on the roof of Buckingham Palace, looking out at that sea of people below you?" the presenter asked. She continued: "Because it was an amazing spectacle to watch." "Well, I've had some unforgettable experiences, but that was definitely right up there," Suggs remarked. "We didn't really know they were going to do all that projecting onto the Palace," he added. "No, it was really good what they did," Charlotte observed. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley scoffs at GP over home check-ups and no-show c [LATEST]John Lydon blasts The Crown over inaccurate Sex Pistols scene [VIDEO]Silent Witness stars tease big future for Jack and Nikki [EXCLUSIVE] The broadcaster probed: "But I hear you don't even like heights?" "I don't like heights," the singer admitted. "But the adrenaline on the night got me through it." Charlotte then offered an apology, stating: "I have to apologise. "Because not only did you have to do that, but we stuck you on the roof of our building here this morning." She noted: "You look quite happy, though." Laughing, Suggs replied: "It was lovely, but I can't say it was quite as exciting." "Not quite the same experience!" Charlotte joked. Richard Madeley chimed: "You're right about time flying though, I mean 10 years ago, it seems like five, doesn't it?" He asked: "So what's happening then, what are you doing this time?" "So we're doing a concert in Brockwell Park called Jubilation. Of course, we've got this fantastic four-day Bank Holiday, so this is on the Thursday this week." He added: "The sun's going to shine, it's going to be beautiful." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.