Tottenham winger Steven Bergwijn could be set to leave north London in the summer due to a lack of game time under Antonio Conte - with the Dutchman hinting that Ajax could be his next destination.  The 24-year-old signed for Spurs in January 2020 from PSV Eindhoven, and made an instant impact with a goal on his debut against Manchester City and the first goal of 'Project Restart' with a strike against Manchester United. But chances have been hard to come by since, and the pacy trickster has largely been a peripheral figure since his move two-and-a-half years ago. After being named as a substitute against Leicester in the Premier League on Sunday, it signalled a 14th straight start on the bench for the Amsterdam-born talent. And in a seemingly frustrated bid to warrant interest from other clubs, the Netherlands international has said he cannot see things changing any time soon. “A starting spot here? I don’t think so to be honest," Bergwijn admitted to AD. "It’s a complicated story for me. I don’t play much.  "Ajax could be an option for me, a return to The Netherlands could be an option for me. The World Cup is coming.” Manager Conte sympathised with the star, claiming he is more than good enough to play under him at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium but other members of the squad are simply a level above. “It’s difficult to keep him on the bench because maybe Steven is the player who deserves more but we must keep balance," Conte said after the win over Leicester on Sunday. “He’s a striker, but there’s Harry [Kane], Sonny [Son Heung-min] and Deki [Dejan Kulusevski] give us quality and quantity. But maybe with Steven I’m giving him less than he deserves.” With Son and Kane on 19 and 13 goals in the Premier League respectively - around 60 per cent of Tottenham's total goals combined - Bergwijn understandably cannot find a way into the team. At just 24 years of age, and having already amassed 18 caps for his country, the star could prove a superb addition for Ajax in the summer.  With Brazilian winger Antony reportedly being a target for United, the club would have enough money to bring their former youth player into the Johan Cruyff Arena if Antony leaves. And it would call an end to Bergwijn's future at Spurs, having scored just eight goals in 80 games so far in his English career. 