Secretary of State for Levelling Up Michael Gove was given a dressing down by Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid on the ITV news programme. She tore into the minister over the cost-of-living crisis and demanded to know why he would not remove VAT on energy bills to help citizens. Reid brought up a newspaper article written by Gove, in May 2016, which claimed the least wealthy are hit particularly hard on fuel bills by VAT. She fumed: "What's changed? That was part of your campaign to leave the EU which would enable you to take VAT off energy bills because the least wealthy are hit particularly hard." She continued: "You were the loudest voice on removing VAT on energy bills and people are going to wonder why, when you are in the position to do it, you have decided not to do it." READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Reid told Gove he had previously stated it would disproportionately benefit those who are most wealthy. She added: "Your campaign back in 2016 was that taking VAT off energy bills would actually help the poorest." Gove explained the campaign that year was focused on the fact energy bills occupy a higher portion of the total income of people who are lower down the income spectrum. When Reid asked the minister what has changed since 2016, he replied: "What has changed is, of all of the tools that you can deploy in order to ensure you target support on the very poorest, there are more precise tools."  An unconvinced Reid asked whether he was wrong when he campaigned for VAT to come off energy bills in 2016. The ITV journalist said: "Now that we have got Brexit done elected British politicians can do something, so why don't you do it and remove VAT on energy bills?" Gove replied: "I would love to remove VAT on energy bills but an even more effective way of helping those who are the poorest is by targeting support through the council tax system." "It's not an either-or Michael Gove," Reid stressed as she talked over the minister.   DON'T MISS...Kay Burley lashes out over Gove's Brexit promise  [INTERVIEW]Michael Gove warns EU to play ball or see Brexit deal collapse [LATEST]Boris Johnson warned 'thin' agenda to cost him key voters [UPDATE] Many viewers hit out over Gove's responses to Reid during the interview, with Keith G tweeting: "The Government [is] only interested in taxing us - this Gove interview is painful to watch." Marc O'Connor fumed: "Working-class people - if you think the #tories are on your side just listen to #gove this morning doing the rounds. They are not on your side. #GMB" Gav Pauze added: "Micheal Gove on @GMB having a car crash of an interview when asked about his hypocrisy on VAT on energy bills - people see right through you. #GMB" @Je_suis_Gemeaux said: "Excellent question and probing of Gove by Susanna i.e. VAT on energy bills and yet another reminder of the lies told to in the Brexit campaign. #GMB" (sic)  However, other viewers backed the points the minister was trying to put across to Reid. @Jpxan71 added: "I think what Gove just said was pre-Brexit, people would have benefited from reduced energy by removing VAT but now, there’s so much else that’s absolutely b*****d it’s the least of your worries." Gary remarked: "Yes Susanna, Mr Michael Gove had already answered your question but you were too busy shouting over the top and did not hear." Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV. 