Royal biographer Andrew Morton told OK! magazine: "The thing about Kate is the Queen was impressed she adored and loved William for himself, not for his title. She spends a lot more time supporting and nurturing the relationship between William and Catherine than she did with Charles and Diana." He added: "It's pretty clear she wasn't going to make that mistake again." This week saw the publication of Mr Morton's biography The Queen, 30 years after Diana: Her True Story was released. It included a shattering account of Diana and Prince Charles's marriage breakdown. The couple filed for divorce in 1996 after 15 years together.  William and Kate celebrated their eleventh wedding anniversary on April 29. According to royal biographer, Kate Nicholls, Kate first saw William while his prep school played against hers in a hockey match in the early 1990s. In 2001, Kate and William's met as freshers at the University of St Andrews. They were assigned rooms near each other in St Salvators Hall of Residence and had initially signed up to the same art history course.  READ MORE ABOUT A BREXIT PASSPORT ROW William initially struggled to adjust to university life but Kate persuaded him not to give up. In their second year, they moved into a student house with two other friends, although romance did not blossom until the end of 2003. Their relationship became public knowledge in 2004 when they were photographed during a skiing trip in Klosters. The pair were pictured together on their graduation day in 2005.  DON'T MISS: Russian pundits' swipes backfire as Moscow handed dire forecast [REVEALED] “Over optimistic” UK Ministry of Defence conceals Ukrainian losses [LATEST] Ukraine LIVE: UK issues global alert as Russia 'expanding' [REPORT] Kate began to appear at William's side for important event from 2006, proving that she had become part of the royal family. The pair attended the wedding of William's step-sister Laura Parker Bowles in the summer of 2006. A year later Kate watched William graduate from Sandhurst. In 2007, reports emerged that Kate and William's relationship had cooled off and it was confirmed in April of the same year that they had broken up.  But the split did not last long as the young couple reunited just two months later. A year later Kate watched as William received his RAF wings as he qualified as a pilot at a ceremony in Cranwell. Two years later, the couple moved into their first home together - a cottage near William's RAF base in Anglesey. William popped the question with his mother's 18 carat sapphire and diamond engagement ring while the pair were on a Safari trip together in Kenya in 2010.  He later revealed he had to carry the priceless heirloom around in his rucksack for about three weeks before getting down on one knee. On April 29, 2011, William and Kate were married at Westminster Abbey in a ceremony thought to have been watched by up to two billion people in more than 180 countries. Kate wore a gown designed by Alexander McQueen's Sarah Burton. The design went on to become one of the most iconic wedding dresses of all time. In December 2012, Buckingham Palace announced Kate was pregnant. On July 22, 2013, Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge was born, becoming the third in line to the throne. The couple went on to have two more children, Princess Charlotte in 2015 and Prince Louis in 2018. Last year Kensington Palace issued two portraits of Kate and William in celebration of their tenth wedding anniversary. 