Jeremy Corbyn’s fall from grace began with the disastrous 2019 election, which brought Labour some of its worst results in decades. Now that the local elections are over, politicians are looking beyond to the next general election, currently scheduled for 2024, which could see Jeremy Corbyn out of mainstream politics for good. The Labour Party are looking hopeful heading into the next election, having made significant gains from the Tories who floundered thanks to a huge drop in support for Boris Johnson. Their success hasn’t been as pronounced as the Greens and Liberal Democrats, who enjoyed huge successes throughout Britain. Sir Keir Starmer’s shadow cabinet have sought to distance themselves from the influence Mr Corbyn once had over the party, which is still particularly pronounced in some circles. But Mr Corbyn could find himself out of a job at the next general election if his constituency doesn’t back him independently. READ MORE: Starmer faces calls to resign as Abbott and Corbyn weigh in The possibility of Mr Corbyn losing his seat of Islington North at the next general election is high. This is because the former Labour leader had the whip removed by his successor, Sir Keir Starmer. Unless the whip is reinstalled by the party, Mr Corbyn could be forced to stand as an independent MP. Mr Corbyn has represented Islington North in the House of Commons since 1983, and has remained a popular figure in the area, having won by an overwhelming majority in the 2019 election. However, the constituency has voted Labour in every election since 1935, so voters will have to decide between their loyalty to Mr Corbyn or their loyalty to the Labour Party. Mr Corbyn was reinstated into the Labour Party following expulsion, but he has not had the whip restored. The former leader still has plenty of support within the party, even if the new shadow cabinet has sought to distance itself from his leadership. DON'T MISSWill the local election results see Boris resign? [ANALYSIS]Mounting Tory pressure as Boris facing calls to cut taxes [REPORT]Charlie Stayt snaps at Lib Dem deputy over 'straightforward' question [INSIGHT] After Labour made modest gains in the local election results on Thursday, May 5, his allies have still sought to slam the current leadership. Diane Abbot, a longtime friend and collaborator of Mr Corbyn, diminished Labour’s improved results on Friday morning. She said: "It's clear that Keir Starmer and Labour still have much work to do.” The MP also shared a message by another Twitter user that claimed the results indicated "there is no electoral rationale" for Sir Keir’s direction.  Mish Rahman, a member of Labour's ruling National Executive Committee who also sits on the executive of the pro-Corbyn grassroots organisation Momentum, said: “From Partygate to the Tory cost of living crisis, these local elections were a golden opportunity for Labour. "We’re delighted by gains in London, where Momentum members played a key role on the ground and as candidates. But these first results from the rest of England are distinctly underwhelming. "Labour actually went backwards from Corbyn’s 2018 performance, a result which should bury Keir Starmer’s deeply flawed idea that punching Left is a vote-winner." Meanwhile, Mr Corbyn's former speech writer, Andrew Fisher, said: "At this stage of the political cycle, mid-term after 12 years of Conservative Government, and with the Prime Minister and the economy mired in crisis, Labour should be doing better.”