Haas technical director Simone Resta insists he does not pay attention to complaints around the paddock as he is only focused on developing his own car. His comments come after Mercedes boss Toto Wolff fired shots at Haas for imitating the design of championship-leading Ferrari. The American-owned team has enjoyed atremendously positive start to the 2022 campaign after years of suffering at the back of the grid. Their VF-22 has proved to be a consistent Q3 contender that can even challenge for points, with Kevin Magnussen finishing in the top 10 three times - including P5 in Bahrain. However, Haas’ success hasn’t gone down well with some of their rivals in the paddock amid their close relationship with Ferrari. In fact, Wolff branded the link between Haas and Ferrari as ‘job-hopping’. The Austrian is frustrated with Haas for running the same engine, gearbox and suspension as the championship frontrunners. They also use Ferrari’s wind tunnel and have an office in Maranello and while it is perfectly legal, Wolff believes it is unfair in terms of the sport’s integrity. READ MORE: Tony Brooks dead: One of best F1 British drivers dies aged 90 The FIA are fully satisfied that the Haas-Ferrari partnership is operating within the regulations, and Resta does not waste any time worrying about what his team’s rivals think. He told Motorsport.com: “You know, honestly, I just care about my job, the job we're doing with a car, trying to improve it, and trying to give a better car to the drivers. “All those things are on a different level from where I operate at the moment. We know the rules we need to respect, we respect them, and we move forward. There's not much to say.” Resta acknowledged there are design similarities between the Haas and Ferrari cars, but he believes this is not exclusive to the two teams. He suggested that people like Wolff are perhaps shocked by Haas’ fine start to the season. DON'T MISSMiami GP's guests include LeBron James, Michael Jordan and Tom BradyLewis Hamilton 'at his most dangerous' as Brit's two rivals warnedMercedes statistic offers Hamilton and Russell hope ahead of Miami GP Resta is confident that his team can build on its strong start to the campaign. He declared Haas have the potential to unlock more performance from its 2022 challenger even though team principal Gunther Steiner has played down the prospect of rushing through upgrades. “I can only agree about what Gunther says and I understand his position in the way that yes, the cars are so different from last year, the tyres are different, so there's a lot to learn,” the 51-year-old added. “The porpoising wasn't expected in the way that it did happen, so we need to understand it and there are lots of things to learn. “It's also fair to say that the car, being in the first year of the new regulations, there is a lot also to unlock. Saying that, I think there is also something to be done on the car side and to improve it. Not to rush it, but, at the right time, to move the car forward. I think there is potential to do it.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Miami Grand Prix on May 8.