Senior union leaders at the RMT, (Rail, Maritime and Transport) have advised members to walk out of both Euston and Green Park stations. The two stations appear to have been specifically targeted as they are key for those celebrating close to Buckingham Palace. The threat comes as staff state they are tired of "suffering years of bullying from a manager."  Strikes will last the entire day and will affect Victoria, Jubilee, and Piccadilly line services at both stations. The two stations will be key for those attending celebrations near Buckingham Palace, with the capital expecting a huge influx of tourists as Her Majesty celebrates 70 years on the throne.  Green Park is the nearest Tube station to Buckingham Palace, where thousands are expected to attend to view the royal family making a traditional appearance on the iconic palace balcony overlooking The Mall. The union has warned the dispute could be resolved if Transport for London takes action against the manager. RMT members at both stations have suffered years of intimidation, bullying, and unjustified sackings of colleagues by a manager who has created a toxic atmosphere in the workplace, the union said.  A Transport for London spokesperson said: "We hold our people to high standards and ensure everyone is treated fairly. "We're aware of this dispute and are carrying out an urgent review in a bid to resolve it. "We have had a number of meetings with the RMT and are urging them not to take strike action and to continue working with us to find a resolution."  DON'T MISS:Council removes memorial plaque over swear word [REVEAL]Russia hammer blow as Ukraine destroys arms depot [INSIGHT]Putin prepares double-edged NATO battle plan [ANALYSIS] People have reacted with anger to the news. Taking to Twitter to vent his frustration, David Bull said: "This absolutely cannot be allowed to happen . "Yet again the public is being held to ransom." BB stated: "I’m all up for Worker rights but they really holding the general public to ransom here with these timings! "How to win public support….. not!" Blaming London Mayor Sadiq Khan, one Twitter user, Navaleye said: "Didn't the Marxist Mayor say at the last election that there would be no more Tube strikes? "Another outright lie." Yet one social media user backed the strike. Universal Credit Warrior wrote: "It’s not a tube strike it’s staff at 2 stations taking action over bullying and intimidation in the workplace. "Do you think this is acceptable?"