Chelsea ace Cesar Azpilicueta is reportedly holding final talks with manager Thomas Tuchel on Wednesday afternoon to find out whether he will still be a Blues player next season. The defender has been a stalwart of the Chelsea backline since joining from Marseille a decade ago but has been linked with a summer move to Barcelona. Chelsea have endured a tumultuous season after their Russian oligarch owner Roman Abramovich put the club on the market in the wake of sanctions that were imposed on him following his country’s attack of Ukraine. As a result of the sanctions, the Blues were banned from signing players and offering players new contracts. And that had an impact on Azpilicueta as the 32-year-old’s current deal is set to expire this summer. But his contract includes a clause that stipulates he’ll be handed another year at the club if makes at least 30 appearances this season. The right-back has played 45 times for the Blues throughout the campaign. But, according to Marca, there is confusion over whether the clause counts as an extension of his previous deal or as a new contract, with the latter strictly prohibited by the government. And the publication reported that Azpilicueta will meet with Tuchel and the new owners before the end of the day to discover whether he can stay at the club and whether he will be an important player in the team next season. JUST IN: Man Utd stars told what to expect as Daley Blind sends Ten Hag plea    Earlier this month, the Blues confirmed that a new ownership group led by Todd Boehly, the co-owner of the seven-time MLB World Series winners Los Angeles Dodgers and the 17-time NBA champions Los Angeles Lakers, would take over the club. The sale is expected to complete in late May subject to all necessary regulatory approvals. “Chelsea Football Club can confirm that terms have been agreed for a new ownership group, led by Todd Boehly, Clearlake Capital, Mark Walter and Hansjoerg Wyss, to acquire the Club,” read a statement on the Chelsea website. “Of the total investment being made, £2.5bn will be applied to purchase the shares in the Club and such proceeds will be deposited into a frozen UK bank account with the intention to donate 100% to charitable causes as confirmed by Roman Abramovich. UK Government approval will be required for the proceeds to be transferred from the frozen UK bank account. DON'T MISS Inside Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's dinner with Daniel Levy as eight stars up for sale Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may have confirmed imminent transfer exit in Southampton win Manchester United 'in pole position' to give Erik ten Hag £85m transfer gift     “In addition, the proposed new owners will commit £1.75bn in further investment for the benefit of the Club. This includes investments in Stamford Bridge, the Academy, the Women’s Team and Kingsmeadow and continued funding for the Chelsea Foundation.” Azpilicueta has played a staggering 474 games for Chelsea over the last decade and has won two Premier League titles, the Champions League, two Europa Leagues, the Club World Cup, the FA Cup and the League Cup during his time at Stamford Bridge. But Barcelona are said to be keen to take him to the Nou Camp if they can get him for free. The Spain international wants to stay where he is, however, and could well remain a Chelsea player after this summer if the talks go well. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 