The Formula One calendar is set for a real shake-up in 2023, after all team bosses united behind CEO Stefano Domenicali’s plan to regionalise the schedule. The decision comes in an effort to reduce the amount of freight movement and personnel travel, making the championship more sustainable. The idea was reportedly put to team bosses at the recent Spanish Grand Prix, according to Motorsport.com. Liberty Media announced back in 2019 that it was aiming to make the sport carbon neutral by 2030, and this plan would certainly make a big step towards that. Traditionally races have been grouped together on occasion, but the circuit is often seen making large trips for just one race weekend, as seen with the recent Miami Grand Prix, which acted as a lone North American race just this month. The regional switch could see a number of the scheduled traditional race weekends switch around to fit the shake up. One man who has openly shared his agreement with Domenicali’s plan is Red Bull boss Christian Horner, who believes the regionalisation of races ‘makes sense’. He told Motorsport.com: “I think if you look at the calendar, it makes sense to group some of the races together. JUST IN: FIA set to face big Lewis Hamilton question ahead of Monaco Grand Prix “Whether it's some of the American races, some of the Asian races, Europe, obviously. Some of the calendar this year when you look at the geographics of it, Azerbaijan to Montreal, going to Australia for a weekend, it's about as expensive as you could make it. “So I think Stefano is sympathetic to that, but of course, he's got many challenges with the different promoters to get a calendar that you want.” Haas’ main man Gunther Steiner is also in favour of the shake-up if it is manageable. DON'T MISSRed Bull chief Helmut Marko launches rare defence of Lewis Hamilton George Russell offers Lewis Hamilton cheeky suggestion over jewelleryLewis Hamilton's FIA row branded 'ridiculous' by crash survivor He commented: “As always there's a lot of people involved, and there's a lot of work to be done to make everybody happy. But in the end I think for sustainability it's a fantastic thing. And then if we achieve that, a lot of things go with it, positive ones. There are no negatives to it. It's just a difficult thing to achieve. “You have how much time you've got that you're not in the heat, and things like this to think about. Canada you have to worry about the cold, so you cannot take it too early. But it's good that they work on it, and hopefully in the future we at least can make some steps.”