We all want bigger and brighter screens in our homes with large 4K and 8K tellies booming in popularity. Sales of super-sized TVs have rocketed in recent years with millions of consumers treating themselves to a cinema-style experience whilst locked in during the pandemic. It's thought Samsung shifted around nine million TVs alone last year with premium larger-screened goggleboxes making up around 44 percent of its total sales. Having a giant display in your living room will certainly make a movie binge far more immersive but it's worth knowing how much extra going large will cost. It might sound obvious but the bigger the TV the more power it munches through when it's switched on. According to the team at ecocostsavings.com, an average 75 inch TV from the likes of Sony, Samsung or LG will eat up around 206 kWh per year. At current prices (around 28p per kWh) it will cost you over £56 if you had your telly turned on for an average of five hours per day - watch it all day and your bill could be closer to £100. That might not sounds as bad as you thought but drop the screen size and your electricity bill will also fall pretty dramatically. For example, using a 32-inch telly for the same amount of time (5 hours) each day will cost just £14 per year with a 24-inch screen costing just £10. READ MORE: Are you using one of these passwords? Why you must change it TODAY! HERE'S HOW MUCH DIFFERENT SCREEN SIZES COST PER YEAR (Based on 5 hours per day at 28p per KWH) Price per year for a 24-inch screen - £10.66 Price per year for a 32-inch screen - £14.28 Price per year for a 43-inch screen - £31.36 Price per year for a 55-inch screen - £42.28 Price per year for a 65-inch screen - £51.80 Price per year for a 75-inch screen - £57.60 Another thing to remember when trying to shave a few pence off of your energy bill is that watching content in pin-sharp 4K UHD is also more expensive. When viewing in standard 720p resolution the average telly uses around 20Watts of power but switch over to stunning 2160p 4K and things jump up to around 98Watts. 1080p Full HD isn't as bad with this popular format using around 30W of power. According to a study by the Natural Resources Defense Council 4K TVs use generally use around 30 percent more power than older HD models. The primary reason behind needing the extra juice is due to the backlight on 4K panels which needs to be much brighter in order to produce those stunning visuals consumers now desire. Of course, there are plenty of other things you can do to conserve power including turning down the screen brightness and unplugging your TV at night so it's now left on standby. New research from British Gas suggests that many of us are wasting hundreds of pounds of electricity by not switching off gadgets at night. The worst offenders for sucking power whilst on standby are TVs, set-top boxes, smart speakers and printers. In fact, British Gas estimates that a TV on standby will eat around £24.61 in energy when not being used.