Russia's invasion plans have not progressed smoothly since February, when Vladimir Putin's forces failed to take Ukraine in the few days planned. Now nearly three months on, morale is reportedly low and Ukrainian officials have claimed that Russian top brass is considering establishing a new front along the country's border with Transnistria. Putin's forces are buoyed by a local separatist militia there, adding to the local and scattered international support for his so-called "special military operation". Putin has drawn united international condemnation since his invasion started, with most western countries arming Ukrainian fighters. He isn't without support, as he has scattered allegiances around the world. Most of them come from Eastern Europe, but some surprising officials have warmly welcomed members of the Russian regime in the last few months. Chief among them is Alexander Lukashenko, the controversial premier of Belarus, known as the "last dictator in Europe". Lukashenko has offered rhetorical and military backing to Russia in Ukraine, allowing Putin's forces to use his country to stage attacks. READ MORE: Ukraine defence forces bring down Alligator helicopter - VIDEO  The longtime Putin ally has baselessly claimed that British authorities were responsible for atrocities committed by Russia in the Ukrainian town of Bucha. He has regularly hosted the Russian premier in his home country since the war began, and the nations recently announced that they would economically align to take pressure off western sanctions. Much like Russia, however, Lukashenko has faced fierce backlash from local Belarusians, most of whom did not vote to hand him his sixth term in the widely disputed 2020 elections. Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic has also supported the Russian regime, but not in the same way as Lukashenko. The country's media has platformed Putin and his officials since the invasion began, and Mr Vucic has boasted about his political ties with his Russian counterpart. He has refused to condemn Russia and participate in the EU's sanctions regime, despite having applied for membership, undermining the bloc's work to discourage attacks on Ukraine. Mr Vucic said: “We have a sort of protection [from Russia]. "What do [western countries] want? Leave all our national interests because someone needs something for themselves?” Like Mr Vucic, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban attained another term this year. Almost immediately after winning his election in April, Orban dropped his attempts to distance himself from his historical backing of Putin and criticised Volodymyr Zelensky. He called Ukraine's leader an "opponent" of Hungary, and the Kremlin said that Putin sent him a personal message of congratulations after his win. The message reportedly said: "Despite the difficult international situation, the further development of bilateral ties of partnership fully accords with the interests of the peoples of Russia and Hungary." Further east, Putin's regime has found support from the Indian government. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has stopped short of condemning the invasion, instead voicing his "deep anguish about the loss of life" and commitment to "contribute in any way towards peace efforts". India has continued to trade with Russia despite western sanctions and increased oil imports, undercutting efforts from other nations. The country was also among those that gave the nation a reprieve at the UN by abstaining in a resolution vote. Earlier this month, officials organised a vote to condemn Russia that 143 nations supported, including the US, UK, France and Germany. But India, Pakistan, Iran and China were among the abstainers, and the vote exposed four other supporters of Putin, whose administration voted against it. Alongside Russia, Syria, Belarus, North Korea and Eritrea all voted not to condemn the invasion. Belarus was already aiding Putin in Ukraine, while the remaining nations voiced their distaste for western interventionism. Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad, who has benefitted from Russian activity in his country, said the invasion was “a correction of history and restoration of balance which was lost in the world after the breakup of the Soviet Union”. The North Korean government has blamed the west for the events in Ukraine, stating it was the result of "hegemonic policy".  The longtime Putin ally has baselessly claimed that British authorities were responsible for atrocities committed by Russia in the Ukrainian town of Bucha. He has regularly hosted the Russian premier in his home country since the war began, and the nations recently announced that they would economically align to take pressure off western sanctions. Much like Russia, however, Lukashenko has faced fierce backlash from local Belarusians, most of whom did not vote to hand him his sixth term in the widely disputed 2020 elections. Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic has also supported the Russian regime, but not in the same way as Lukashenko. The country's media has platformed Putin and his officials since the invasion began, and Mr Vucic has boasted about his political ties with his Russian counterpart. The message reportedly said: "Despite the difficult international situation, the further development of bilateral ties of partnership fully accords with the interests of the peoples of Russia and Hungary." Further east, Putin's regime has found support from the Indian government. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has stopped short of condemning the invasion, instead voicing his "deep anguish about the loss of life" and commitment to "contribute in any way towards peace efforts". India has continued to trade with Russia despite western sanctions and increased oil imports, undercutting efforts from other nations. The country was also among those that gave the nation a reprieve at the UN by abstaining in a resolution vote. Earlier this month, officials organised a vote to condemn Russia that 143 nations supported, including the US, UK, France and Germany. But India, Pakistan, Iran and China were among the abstainers, and the vote exposed four other supporters of Putin, whose administration voted against it. Alongside Russia, Syria, Belarus, North Korea and Eritrea all voted not to condemn the invasion. Belarus was already aiding Putin in Ukraine, while the remaining nations voiced their distaste for western interventionism. Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad, who has benefitted from Russian activity in his country, said the invasion was “a correction of history and restoration of balance which was lost in the world after the breakup of the Soviet Union”. The North Korean government has blamed the west for the events in Ukraine, stating it was the result of "hegemonic policy".