BBC Weather's Chris Fawkes warned thunderstorms in southeast England are set to bring hail. He said: "Tonight what we're watching is some big showers and thunderstorms that may well bring some localised flooding in southern England and maybe the Midlands and East Anglia seeing some as well. We've got a weather front just to the west of the UK with showers starting to form across southwest England. "They will work across southern Wales and into the Midlands as well. "It's a batch of storms that are expected to form in the next hour or two. "Those storms could bring an inch of rain, 25mm in the space of an hour and some large hail. "There might even be an odd funnel cloud. Keep your eyes peeled, these things are pretty rare but you never know. READ MORE: 'Blood rain' warning - the exact places it will hit the UK this week "Overnight that rain will continue to push northwards and eastwards, eventually clearing areas. "It will become dry during second half of the night." The UK may see "blood rain" this week as heavy thunderstorms mix with a dust cloud, forecasters say. Red or orange rain could fall in some parts of the country, as downpours, lightning, strong winds and hail move in. According to the Met Office, "blood rain" occurs when relatively high concentrations of red coloured dust or particles get mixed with rain, giving it a red appearance as it falls. A yellow thunderstorm warning has also been issued from Wednesday evening to the early hours of Thursday in the south-east, including London, saying people should expect to see disruption to travel. It comes after Britons basked in the country's hottest day of the year on Tuesday, after temperatures in the south-east peaked at 27.5C (81.5F). Richard Miles, of the Met Office, told the PA news agency: "There are some dust concentrations in the atmosphere above the UK at present which might well be washed out in the rain tonight, but it's likely to be relatively small amounts on the whole. DON'T MISS UK heatwave map: Exact areas likely to see scorching 23C blast [MAP]Met Office warning: Millions issued thunderstorm alert [INSIGHT]Drivers may face two years in prison for driving after summer rain [VIDEO] "There's a warning out for thunderstorms for the south-eastern third of England tonight, and a squally cold front will bring wind and sometimes heavy rain to Northern Ireland and north west Scotland this evening. "Away from these features it will be mostly fine and dry today and tomorrow, temperatures up to 23-24C in London and the South East, high teens or low 20s elsewhere." The thunderstorms may cause spray and sudden flooding, leading to difficult driving conditions and some road closures. There may also be delays or cancellations to train and bus services, flooding to homes and businesses, power cuts and damage due to lightning strikes. Heavy rain will fall during Wednesday and Thursday in parts of Scotland and Northern Ireland, while showers will also hit areas in Wales and central and south-west England.