After a long-awaited return to screens, Grace and Frankie premiered its seventh and final season in April. Following the show’s finale stars, Lily Tomlin and Jane Fonda opened up about the Netflix series coming to an end, while Fonda disclosed why she was overcome with emotion.  The actresses and stars of Grace and Frankie, Lily Tomlin and Jane Fonda appeared on The Kelly Clarkson show to discuss their friendship as well as their characters. After premiering back in 2015, the heartwarming series came to an emotional end, which Fonda remarked as “the longest-running original Netflix show ever”. The show followed the lives of two women who form an unlikely friendship after discovering their husbands fell in love and planned to marry each other. Even though Grace and Frankie had never liked one another, they were forced to live together as they navigated through family drama and medical scares, while becoming best friends. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money Speaking on the series coming to an end, Fonda revealed: “I cried,” while pointing to her co-star Tomlin the actress quipped: “She probably didn’t cry.” To which the Frankie star responded: “I did cry, I probably cried more than you.” Fonda hit back: “Oh no you didn’t. I have the film to prove it, no I cried more than she did.” Tomlin joked: “She was crying because a lot of the people were applauding us, but she was fearful that they were applauding because she was leaving.”  Fans and the stars alike were heartbroken when the final season of Grace and Frankie was announced. Ahead of its finale, the show’s co-creator Martha Kaufman revealed the real reason why it had to come to an end. Kaufman told Los Angeles Times: “It was a combination of things, Netflix isn't doing long-term series anymore and we are really lucky that we got the seventh season. “I think when we started, we imagined seven seasons but, really, this is the kind of decision that comes from Netflix.” DON'T MISS...Tom Cruise jibes at James Corden after quitting Late Show [INSIGHT]Grace and Frankie: Jane and Lily’s next film project confirmed [INSIGHT]Grace and Frankie ending: Dolly Parton's cameo in finale explained [EXPLAINER] She concluded: “But as sad as I am that it’s ending, there’s something that makes sense about it.” As the two friends were older women, season seven highlighted the realities of ageing. Viewers watched Grace battle existential panic attacks and Frankie struggle with her passion for painting as her arthritis hindered her ability to do so. This was also the case for the men, as Robert (Martin Sheen), who had been married to Grace for 40 years began to experience memory loss.  Speaking on the finale, co-creator Howard J. Morris told Vanity Fair: “We had to figure out how to end a show satisfyingly that’s about beginnings. “You want to feel like something happened that made it feel like an ending, but also don’t want to sell out the show and have some horrible thing happen.” With Netflix no longer interested in long-running shows, Kaufman admitted: “To be honest, they were right, because the show starts telling you what it wants. “We had done the stories that were most important to us, and it felt like it was the right time to end the series. And it’s better to leave them wanting more than to have people go, ‘Oh, they should have ended last year.’”   