In March, Prince Andrew paid a settlement sum to Virginia Giuffre, who issued a claim against him in a civil court alleging sexual abuse. Prince Andrew has repeatedly denied the allegations made against him. Speaking to 60 Minutes Australia, royal author Tina Brown claims that Andrew has been told "you're done" as, after the scandal, he is trying to "push himself out onto the public stage". Host Liam Bartlett said: "Prince Andrew obviously didn't get the email that he was supposed to stay on the sidelines, what is that complete arrogance or is it stupidity". Ms Brown replied: "Stupidity. "Andrew has always been a dim bulb and something of an oaf, lets face it. "It's going to be a problem, Andrew has been cancelled, essentially, I mean you couldn't get more cancelled than Andrew, right". READ MORE: 'Know what it's like' Sarah Ferguson identifies with 'segregated' LGBTQ+ due to red hair The royal expert added: "He's been told 'you're done' but where do you stash a 61-year-old healthy man who has no desire to be stashed anywhere and who's going to keep trying to push himself out onto the public stage". She continued: "He's not going quietly, I mean, in previous centuries, Andrew would have been sort of, banished to the borders, you know, and locked up in some castle. "You know, you can't do that in the 21st century". Ms Brown concluded: "Andrew lives a stone throw from Mummy in Windsor Great Park and he's going to be out there at every turn". READ MORE: Royal POLL: Do you think Royal Family is becoming too political? Virginia Giuffre claimed Prince Andrew sexually assaulted her when she was 17, on three occasions. In November 2019, the Duke was quizzed over the sex abuse allegations by journalist Emily Maitlis. Prince Andrew reportedly had close ties with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein and in the 2019 interview, the Duke said he did not regret his friendship with Epstein. Following the interview, the Duke made a decision to step back from his royal duties. DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting to celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] Earlier this year, it was confirmed that Prince Andrew had agreed to pay a settlement fee to bring the civil sexual assault case brought by his accuser to a close. The settlement agreement has been reported to amount to as much as £12million, although an exact amount has never been released. In March, Prince Andrew made his first public appearance at the memorial service for his late father, the Duke of Edinburgh. He accompanied his mother into the venue.