The Duchesses have a different approach to their wardrobes, evident since their first moments in the spotlight. While Kate, now the Duchess of Cambridge, chose a smart coat and scarf for her first appearance with William on February 24, 2011, Meghan wore ripped jeans and a men's style shirt. And the differences don't stop there. Over time it became clear how the women's tastes differ. While Kate Middleton is a fan of a coat dress with a nipped-in waist, for her royal appearances Meghan Markle chose wide leg suit trousers and men's tailoring. Where Kate opts for minimal jewellery, the Duchess of Sussex wore lashing of jewellery, with rings on every finger. However, there is one similarity in the women's taste in clothes, and that is in their shoes. READ MORE: How Meghan Markle's style has changed after 'more separation from the Royal Family' A style expert from Public Desire analysed the pair's shoe wardrobes. Harriet Castle, a buyer at the popular brand, told Express.co.uk that both women opt for the same style of informal shoe. She also recently discussed how the major difference in Meghan and Kate's wedding dresses reflected their "positions" in the family. "Both love a classic white sneaker for a more relaxed look," the expert said. Similarly, they plump for the best option when it comes to their formal shoes too. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle is 'classic, modern, elegant' because she follows Kate [ANALYSIS] 'She never looks dated': How Kate Middleton always looks great at 40 [EXPERT] Kate Middleton's style 'won't change' when she becomes Queen [INSIGHT] Harriet said: "When it comes to more formal events they both stick to pointed stilettos, so in this sense, they’re pretty similar. They also both go for neutral tones." However, the women do also have their signatures. Meghan adores a laced up stiletto, some of her favourite coming from Aquazurra, an Italian brand. A pair of shoes from the brand averages around £750. Harriet said: "Meghan has been seen wearing a simple lace-up heel, which is one of our favourite types of style and one of our bestselling styles." The Duchess of Cambridge, on the other hand, has a signature shoe for the summer months. Harriet went on: "Kate loves a summer espadrille, a wedge is a great option for a stylish but comfortable look. "Kate has also been sent to go for a more adventurous print or embellishment for formal events but remains true to her love of a simple court shoe." Kate is known to adore the Spanish brand Castañer. A family-owned Spanish company, the brand has been creating espadrille wedges since 1927. Harriet also told Express.co.uk how Meghan's style has changed after "more separation from the Royal Family". The expert explained: "Meghan Markle was an actor first, and since becoming a member of the Royal Family, she would have had to follow certain protocol when it comes to her outfits. "However, she’s always maintained true to herself throughout, every outfit reflects and suits the Duchess’ personality. "She has always opted for more solid and neutral colours which are more relaxed. Especially now that she and Harry have more separation between themselves and the Royal Family."