Since joining the Firm in 2005 after marrying Prince Charles, Camilla has seen her popularity rise steadily but previously the public had some ill feelings towards the Duchess, 74. This was mainly at the beginning of her relationship with the Prince of Wales, 73. At the time, Camilla was vilified and referred to as the “most hated woman in Britain” by the tabloids. The negative coverage facing the Duchess seemed endless, particularly after Diana’s death. Cele Otnes, a professor of marketing specialising in how the Royal Family brands themselves, describes Camilla as being a “vilified viper” at this time. Public opinion surrounding her character was at low following rumours she was the “third person” in Charles and Diana’s marriage. Professor Otnes, co-author of ‘Royal Fever’ told Express.co.uk: “I was sad for Camilla. “She is a very interesting figure in this whole [royal] story because of course there was a whole time when she was the vilified Viper. “I was sad for her during the period where she and Charles wanted to clearly be a couple and she couldn't even come out and do anything for like 10 years. “She had to wait till the Queen would say hello to her and all to orchestrate this stuff.” In the wake of this controversy, Camilla and Prince Charles made numerous attempts to win over the hearts of the public at a time. It was a particularly challenging feat when many Britons referred to her as the woman responsible for breaking up the Prince and Princess of Wales’ marriage. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's Megxit plan slapped down by Queen As Charles and Camilla navigated their relationship together, the Duchess of Cornwall appeared to have made a conscious effort to appease the very press who had made her life hell for over a decade. Penny Junor, author of The Duchess: Camilla Parker Bowles and the Love Affair That Rocked the Crown said: “As soon as she was married, she was seen out and about with Charles, and when people met her, they were surprised by how warm and friendly and funny she was. “They liked her. And because she was friendly to the press and helpful to photographers, they wrote friendly things about her and published good photographs, and gradually the public’s view of her changed.” Following the years of negative press, it appeared the stance against Charles’ wife had softened and the public became more accepting. In recent years, Camilla has also received public support for her royal work and her steadfast commitment to supporting the Queen by undertaking her duties without complaint. DON'T MISS Prince Charles to miss Prince William's birthday to represent Queen [INSIGHT] Harry’s Invictus ‘family’ has members from all continents but one [REVEAL] Kate and William take 'step away from Queen's style' [REPORT] Camilla has also championed several important causes - including sexual violence against women - while also quietly supporting her husband. Back in February, the Queen, 96, also showed her unwavering support for the Duchess showing the tide had turned since the initial apprehension of her and the Prince of Wales’ relationship. The monarch used her Platinum Jubilee message to back Camilla's destiny once Prince Charles becomes king. Her Majesty said it was her “sincere wish” that the Duchess of Cornwall takes on the title of Queen Consort when Charles is ruler. The news came despite Clarence House previously saying she would be known as Princess Consort when Charles ascends to the throne. Cele Otnes describes this as a pivotal moment for the Duchess, describing it as the rebirth stage of her “phoenix” transformation. She notes this is because Camilla’s image experienced a resurgence, particularly in light of all the negative press she had received in the past, when given the Queen’s blessing. Ms Otnes said: “We know what the Phoenix is. In mythology, it gets destroyed frantically and then rises from the flames. “And, man, you don't get to rise from the flames much faster than when the Queen announces to the world that you're going to be the Queen [Consort].” Camilla has also proved herself to be a very hard worker, and a secret weapon for a monarchy amid declining numbers of working royals and the Queen’s recent mobility issues. This week, Prince Charles and Camilla were also tasked with boosting the image of the monarchy on a royal tour in Canada. The three-day visit was arranged as part of celebrations for Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations.