Moira (played by Natalie J Robb) was heartbroken to discover her mother-in-law, Faith (Sally Dexter), had been diagnosed with secondary breast cancer last week on Emmerdale and she has been imploring her to tell her children, Cain (Jeff Hordley) and Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter). However, the matriarch of the iconic family knows she needs to mend bridges with her children for real rather than making peace with them out of sympathy. Monday night's instalment of the ITV soap seemed to suggest things are going to end badly for Faith as she is unable to recover from her illness but if Cain discovers his wife knew about the cancer, he could decide this is time to end their marriage. Towards the end of the latest episode of the weeknight serial drama, Faith explained to Moira why she didn't want her children to know. Moira said: "You need to tell him Faith and once he knows the truth, it will change everything," to which her mother-in-law replied: "Yes. For the worst. "If he finds out, I reckon he will end up hating me even more than he already does now because he will feel so guilty. "He hates a dying woman and he will hate himself," she continued, clearly becoming emotional over the prospect of lying to her son for the next few months. "But no matter what he has just said, which was awful, he is your son and I know deep down he loves you," Cain's wife added. Not convinced, Faith told her daughter-in-law: "Come on, even you don't believe that." READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison "It's not over yet, I'm not going anywhere until I have turned this around," Faith continued as she remained resilient over her decision not to tell her children. The Dingle matriarch added: "No, before I bow out, I want my children to look at me and say, 'That's my mother, I love her, I'm proud of her.' "'And I'm going to flipping well miss her when she's gone,'" Faith said with a smirk on her face, knowing her hopes were becoming dreams rather than reality. "But I owe them, Moira, for all those lost years and even if we only have one chapter left, then it's got to be full of love and laughs and life. "And if they know about the cancer, that's not going to happen," Faith explained, with Moira full of sorrow for her. Putting Moira in the most impossible situation, Faith said to her emotional daughter-in-law: "You promise me, not a word until I say." "Ok. This stays between us for now," Cain's wife replied but this could have been the worst decision she made for her marriage. Cain has never dealt well with secrets being kept from him so the idea of his wife knowing about his mother's cancer would leave him furious. He would explain to Moira if he knew Faith had cancer and was going to die, he never would have said the things he did to her. However, the farm owner would try to explain she made a promise to her mother-in-law that she wouldn't say a word to anyone about the cancer. DON'T MISS...Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT]Emmerdale star says pet dog 'saved her life' amid cancer diagnosis [COMMENT] This would not be a good enough explanation for Cain as he would feel his mother had been cruelly ripped away from him. As his grief comes out in anger towards his wife, he could decide he wants nothing more to do with her if they can't tell each other things anymore. Moira would be heartbroken as she would tell her husband this was under particular circumstances and she would never normally hide secrets from him. Not willing to see the situation from his wife's perspective, he would order his solicitor to issue her divorce papers. After they have conquered so much together, could concealing Faith's deadly secret mean Moira has lost more than she could have ever imagined? Last week, the actress who plays Faith, Sally, spoke out about the fact her character had been diagnosed with secondary breast cancer. The soap star explained: "Although Faith tries very hard to convince Moira that it's not right for her to be the person to tell anybody else. "It's Faith's choice what she does. They have quite a few conversations about that. "Faith believes she knows what's best for her, and it's having control over your life in that way. If you can't control the cancer, at least you can control the choices that you make. "This becomes a fundamental and ever-growing thought in Faith's mind – that she wants to take control," the actress continued. On the emotional aspect of this story, Sally explained: "The difficult thing with filming emotional scenes, is that the first time you read them and you do the line run, it comes splurging out. If you're not careful, it splurges out completely and you're left feeling totally empty! "That happens when you have a good cry, doesn't it? You have to be careful that doesn't happen on the first read-through. It's a question of holding it back, as they do several different shots and then they come up for a close-up. "You've done the same point of emotion around six times before you get to the point where you need to let it rip. That can be challenging. "Some of the scenes are so well-written that it's difficult not to just have a gut reaction to them from the word go and let that run out." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.