New Chelsea owner Todd Boehly will hand new contracts to Mason Mount, Reece James and ‘possibly’ Edouard Mendy, according to reports. The Premier League has finally ratified the purchase of the Blues by Boehly’s consortium, with the takeover set to be finally completed over the coming days. Chelsea have been unable to offer new contracts to players due to the special licence under which they have operated since sanctions were imposed on oligarch Roman Abramovich. The Russian is alleged to have close ties with President Vladimir Putin. It has left the Blues in disarray heading into the summer, with the future of the club incredibly placed in doubt. Boehly’s takeover has diminished those fears. But head coach Thomas Tuchel has bemoaned how far Chelsea are behind their rivals ahead of the transfer window. The impending confirmation of the purchase will be a major boost to the German, who has revealed that he has ‘plans’ for the off-season but has not been able to discuss them with the club’s hierarchy. JUST IN: Chelsea 'could launch Sterling transfer swoop' if one of trio is sold Chelsea must also begin agreeing new contracts with key players, especially after losing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. According to the Daily Telegraph, Player of the Year Mount and defender James are among the stars who Boehly wants to tie down immediately. There could ‘possibly’ be an extension for goalkeeper Mendy, too. The Senegalese shot-stopper has provided stability behind a defence that Tuchel has had to frequently alter over the last 12 months. Mount - who will enter the final two years of his deal this summer - recorded 21 direct goal contributions in 32 Premier League appearances last season. James scored five times and set up a further nine strikes from wing-back in just 26 league outings. DON'T MISS...Chelsea's takeover approved by Premier League in major step forwardMan Utd can repeat Juan Mata transfer by luring former Ten Hag starAncelotti named Chelsea's possible Rudiger successor 'the best' News of possible new contracts will come as a boost to Chelsea following the departures of a couple of star men. Defender Rudiger has already agreed to join Real Madrid while Christensen is widely believed to be on his way to Barcelona. Tuchel has ominously warned Boehly that the Blues need a rebuild if they are to be competitive at the top of the Premier League next term. He said after his side beat Watford on the final day of the season: “We will miss Toni (Rudiger), and we will miss Andreas Christensen and a lot of guys maybe. We have to start rebuilding to be competitive.” He added: "We have at the moment a huge disadvantage - that's not decisive yet. There is no need to make excuses now, it is just the situation we are in and we have to be as quick as possible. Right now, of course, it is unsatisfying because our hands are tied and we cannot act as we want.”