Katie has played the role of Sarah Sugden for five years, having been cast as the character on Emmerdale five years ago in 2017. The ITV soap star is the fifth actress to be cast as the daughter of Debbie Dingle (played by Charley Webb) and the second longest-serving star in the role. Viewers have watched her grow up on-screen from a schoolgirl to a young woman who has become fiercely privative of her family. It seems the character acting beyond her years could be because Katie has already matured away from the camera. Sarah was born in the summer of 2005, the daughter of Debbie and former Emmerdale heartthrob, Andy Sugden (Kelvin Fletcher), and she has been at the centre of some huge storylines. Although the youngster will turn 17-years-old in June, she has already faced a lot in her life as she has battled leukaemia, throat cancer and having a heart transplant. She hasn't had a big storyline this year but she has become a background character to Noah Dingle's (Jack Downham) stalking of Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland). Therefore, the actress has been able to enjoy some time away from the camera and earlier this year, she celebrated her 19th birthday. The actress was born on March 8, 2003, meaning she is two years older than her alter-ego and will enter her early 20s next spring. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans 'expose' Phill Whittaker's true identity It is not uncommon for an older cast member to play a younger role, especially if they are taking part in a more mature storyline. Katie was cast as Sarah five years ago in 2017 as the character was going to face more health issues and last year, she was involved with drugs. At the time of the recast, a source explained to OK! Magazine: "Due to the nature of the storyline the character of Sarah Sugden has been recast for an older actress." The actress has gained huge acclaim from viewers after taking on the role from Sophia Amber Moore, who played the character for nine years. In particular, they thought the soap star marvelled when she portrayed the emotions Sarah was feeling when waiting for a heart transplant. Earlier this year, Katie celebrated her 19th birthday with some of her co-stars as they enjoyed a night out together. The actress who plays Amelia Spencer, Daisy Campbell, took to social media to share a sweet post to mark the occasion. Taking to Instagram and uploading a picture of the two of them together, Daisy wrote: "Happy 19th bday! [heart emojis] have the best day ever lots of love @katiehiil." Using her own social media platform, Katie revealed to her followers she had celebrated the last birthday of her teenage years at Blue Sakura in Leeds. Katie has spoken out about her character in the past and how she has evolved from a schoolgirl into a young woman. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Mark Charnock issues warning to fans on Facebook [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES] Speaking about the change in recent years, Katie said: "When I first came into Emmerdale, I was playing an innocent little girl who was fighting an illness, and it was all quite emotional, heavy stuff. "So to be able to play this side of Sarah and show that she also has a bit of Dingle in her – which I think most people expected her to have – has been great. "Being part of the Dingle family, I can imagine her heading down the more mischievous route – her female role models are Charity and Debbie, and we all know the kind of things they get up to! “It would be nice to keep a sweeter side to Sarah, because of what she’s been through in the past. "She faced such challenges at a really young age, and I think that she will always have that experience at the back of her mind," she told Inside Soap. Although she is still classed as one of the younger members of the show, Katie has expressed how she enjoys being put in this category. The actress explained: "The younger cast members are definitely making their mark on the Dales. "And I’m very proud to see how amazing everyone is doing, and I can’t wait to see us all grow as characters over the next year," she told Metro.co.uk. It is not yet known what Sarah's next big storyline will be but it is likely she will be supporting Chloe in the wake of Noah stalking her. Sarah has always shown a liking to Noah as they are related but will she side with him in this matter, betraying her friend? Taking to Twitter, viewers have expressed how they would like to see more of Sarah, with VanityPending writing: "Sarah is really missed this week she should’ve been involved #emmerdale." Chilsie added: "Odds on us not seeing Sarah until August now she’s had her one appearance every three months #emmerdale." Sophie The Kid commented on the social media platform: "Jesus Christ there’s Sarah! I thought she’d ran off to Scotland #emmerdale." David shared: "It's nice to see Sarah back on-screen again. #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.