Long-running science fiction franchise Star Trek keeps going from strength to strength with a myriad of spin-offs including Discovery, Lower Decks, and Prodigy. Among them is Picard which hit screens in 2020 to much excitement from fans of both The Next Generation and Sir Patrick Stewart. The show is going to conclude its second run today (May 5) but where will the story go next? There’s good news for fans, Picard will be returning for a third season which is expected to be premiering in 2023. Sadly, though this will be the final outing for the beloved Jean-Luc Picard with the Paramount+ series bowing out. Season three of Star Trek: Picard will be airing on the Paramount Network's streaming platform Paramount+ in America and on Amazon Prime in Britain. Instead of a mass drop, episodes will be aired weekly with a total of 10 episodes in the last outing - the same number as its predecessors. READ MORE: How many episodes are in Star Trek Picard season 2? The news of the season three cast was confirmed back on April 5, 2022 on so-called ‘First Contact Day’ when Vulcans first reached out to humans. Details have already started emerging about the cast of the final cycle with the producers promising a TNG reunion hitting a nostalgic sweet spot. Reprising their TNG roles will be LeVar Burton as Geordi La Forge, Michael Dorn as Worf, Jonathan Frakes as William Riker, Gates McFadden as Dr Beverly Crusher, Marina Sirtis as Deanna Troi and Brent Spiner as Data. Spiner has already appeared on Star Trek: Picard in various roles as well as portraying his original character android Data. The last time the cast were all together was back in the 2002 film Star Trek: Nemesis which also featured Tom Hardy. Frakes and Sirtis also appeared in the show previously in the first outing as their original characters. Additionally, Frakes has also directed numerous episodes of Star Trek: Picard across the first two seasons. Michelle Hurd is going to be reprising her role Raffi and Jeri Ryan is back as Borg Seven. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle ‘reinforced’ rift between William and Harry [NEWS]Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah [VIDEO]TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money [REACTION However, Alison Pill told MovieWeb she won’t be appearing in the last outing as Dr Agnes Jurati. She explained to the outlet: "I know that season three will be the end. “I wasn’t a part of season three, so I don’t have much to say about it in terms of spoilers. I will get to watch along with everybody else.” Picard’s showrunner Terry Matalas spoke about the third outing, saying in a statement as per Variety: “I remember watching the premiere of ‘Star Trek: The Next Generation’ almost 34 years ago with my father like it was yesterday. “It was the spark that ignited my love for science fiction. So, it’s most fitting that the story of Jean-Luc Picard ends honoring [sic] the beginning, with his dearest and most loyal friends from the U.S.S. Enterprise.” Matalas concluded: “It would be an understatement to say that giving these characters a proper send-off is an honor [sic].” A teaser for season three was dropped by the show in which Picard was looking at his old TNG uniform with voiceovers from the veteran cast members. Star Trek: Picard season 2 is streaming on Paramount+ in the US and Amazon Prime in the UK