President Maduro announced Carlos Faría, who was serving as ambassador to Moscow, is becoming the Latin American nation's new foreign minister. The diplomat's appointment reinforces evidence of Venezuela's close ties with Russia after the two nations' leaders discussed their shared fears about the threats posed by the United States and NATO and the conflict in Ukraine over the phone in March. Venezuela, along with Cuba and Nicaragua — all targets of US sanctions — is a Latin American ally of Moscow. Maduro told a meeting with the Council of Vice Presidents of the National Executive: "Carlos Faría returns from Russia and takes over the reins of the Foreign Ministry. "I have appointed as Minister of Foreign Affairs, Chancellor of the Republic, comrade Ambassador Carlos Faría." Ukraine LIVE: Putin plots to STARVE world Speaking on national television on Monday, he said of Mr Faría: "He knows all the struggles of the geopolitical changes and all the struggles for hegemony in the world." The appointment, which comes at a time of increasing international isolation for Russian President Vladimir Putin, was followed by a call from Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who congratulated his counterpart on his new job. He also thanked Mr Faría for his important contribution as Ambassador of Venezuela to Russia to the strengthening of their strategic alliance. Mr Faría is replacing Felix Plasencia, who had been in office since August 2021. Maduro thanked Félix Plasencia, who is going "to have new responsibilities for the international development of the Venezuelan economy". Details of the new position were not disclosed. The socialist president, whom US officials described as a "dictator" last year, praised Mr Faría's work in Moscow as an "active and dynamic diplomacy of peace". DON'T MISSNuclear bomb radius: How far nuclear fallout could reach [EXPLAINER]NATO nuclear weapons mapped [ANALYSIS]Why Putin won't speak English – inside his bizarre power play [INSIGHT] Mr Faría, whose career in politics began in the government of Hugo Chávez in 2011, discussed Venezuela's and Russia's bilateral agenda with Lavrov on Tuesday. The two also confirmed mutual readiness to further expand Russian-Venezuelan cooperation in the international arena and said they aspired to build a more just world order and ensure international peace and security. The move renews proof of Caracas's and Moscow's joint approach to global politics, which was made evident in a phone conversation between Maduro and Putin a week into Russia's war on Ukraine when the Venezuelan leader said the Kremlin had his "strong support". In a call initiated by Caracas, Maduro condemned the "destabilizing actions of the United States and NATO" and spoke out against a Western campaign of "lies and disinformation", according to a Kremlin statement. After the call, Maduro a photo of him and Putin on Twitter and said he had told the Russian leader Venezuela was "in favour of understanding and dialogue as a way to preserve peace". More than a dozen of Western countries do not recognise Maduro's 2018 reelection, which they dubbed fraudulent. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega