I am staggered. I know the cost of food is going up and up and that we have to rebalance the way we do things, but we can't expect people to sell stuff for less than it cost them to produce it. Something, somewhere has gone terribly wrong and perhaps we should look at ourselves. When you consider the size of us - most of us, anyway - we're eating too much and we're expecting food to cost almost nothing. I popped into the supermarket the other day and, bearing in mind everybody's moaning about the prices, I was surprised to see that the amount of stuff people are buying doesn't seem to have reduced. Do we really need three big meals a day, and copious snacks? I would suggest it's time to take stock but I'll probably be met with a barrage of confected outrage for saying so, just like Conservative MP Lee Anderson. Mr Anderson dared to suggest that what people needed was not food banks but lessons in budgeting and cooking. Opposition politicians and supporters in the media couldn't wait to denounce him as a posh Tory looking down on the poor. But the idiots got it wrong. He's a former coal miner from a working-class background who used to be a Labour councillor but realised socialism doesn't work. I was so glad to see proposals in the Queen's Speech to crack down on those idiot climate protesters who make life a misery for others by gluing themselves to roads and obstructing trains. The latest nutters call themselves the Tyre Extinguishers and have been letting air out of the tyres of thousands of SUVs though, predictably, the morons have let down the tyres of electric vehicles as well. D'Oh! This is criminally dangerous behaviour that is very likely to end up with somebody dying, but they insist they will carry on even if they cause serious accidents because they want SUV drivers to live in fear. It should be the eco-nutters living in fear - of what motorists might do to them if they catch them tampering with their cars. They should certainly fear proper punishment from the courts. It's not as if they are winning the argument. In fact they are turning people away from support of net-zero. This is despite scientists saying that we only have five years to save the planet. Then, actually when pressed, they admit that it's not definite. No wonder there is increasing apathy. And if you think emissions are going to be cut within five years just by telling people we only have five years or that's it, then you are in cloud cuckoo land. Yes, we should clean up the planet but everything changes, the climate, us, everything. We should modify our behaviour to live with the changes for as long as we can. But I don't think we can stop change. Certainly, gluing yourself to a road, or letting down car tyres is not going to do it. ------------ The Post Office - one of the most trusted institutions in the country or an organisation well past its sell-by date? Personally, I think it's the latter. They are closing hundreds of little post offices all over the country and there are plans to sell or axe thousands more, and they don't seem to be able to deliver parcels as well as the private companies. This is the same organisation that wrongly accused scores of postmasters of fraud, and even jailed some, continuing to prosecute people even when they knew it was their computer system to blame. How much longer will it be before everyone wrongly convicted is cleared and people have been paid the compensation they are owed? How much longer before the people who turned a blind eye to this scandal are jailed, as they should be? Perhaps it is time the Post Office is done away with and something else is put in its place because the people who actually did this - and they know who they are - think they are going to get away with it. They mustn't be allowed to. ----------- So the Prime Minister wants to cut 91,000 civil service jobs. How would we even notice they were gone? It's not like the country would grind to a halt without them. Boris is only talking about returning to what the civil service employed six years ago. Somehow the number on the public payroll has crept up to the equivalent of 475,000 jobs, and it seems to me that many are still on their settees watching television or, as they call it, working from home. Regular readers will know I think too many of them have jobs for life and don't feel the need to do too much work. Or, maybe they don't agree with the Government so don't do what they are asked to do. Maybe now they are not so untouchable. The £3.5billion the Government could save on those jobs would be far better spent helping people with their fuel bills. ------------ The word bimbo was very prevalent back in the 90s and it now appears it is acceptable again. I see that even the remarkable Dame Deborah James used it in urging her husband not to marry one when she has gone. These days, apparently, bimbo can apply to either a man or a woman and some people even regard the term as a badge of honour. It's amazing the way things have changed. Anyway, I mention this because back in the early 90s I had a hit record - well, I think it was 39 in the top 40 - called Bimbo. I made £11.50 out of it! Don't ask. I've never been a good businessman. It's been something of a dark secret for many years and I'm feeling slightly relieved to have got that off my chest. ----------