Erik ten Hag could reportedly have up to £200million to spend on new Manchester United signings this summer and should the Dutchman be handed that kind of money to overhaul his underwhelming squad, United's transfer priorities should be clear. The innovative 52-year-old tactician, who is now in the UK working on his plans for the new season, is expected to be informed of his final budget in due course, despite already discussing spending power with United chiefs during the extensive interview process. The Manchester Evening News suggest United's budget could vary from £20m to £200m - yet with plenty of players to depart, an excessive figure is anticipated given up to £50m will be saved on wages. Ten Hag will also be free to raise further cash through player sales by offloading those he does not want to count on for the new campaign. Yet shopping in an inflated market, where selling clubs are continuously looking to profit from desperate buyers, is not as simple as it so often seems. With United striving to plug several gaps in their squad, they must utilise their cash wisely or risk falling even further behind the leading pack. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag snubs Ajax end-of-season trip as 'there is a lot to do' at Manchester United A smart, safe purchase that is reportedly already on the agenda is Ajax's Lisandro Martinez, who has become a stalwart in the latter stages of Ten Hag's Ajax tenure. The versatile, ball-playing, centre-back was a prominent figure in Ten Hag's final season in Amsterdam having also become a regular at international level for Argentina. His reliability and steadiness at the back will help provide a much-needed calmness to United's backline, something that has been lacking for several years. Martinez could also be available for as little as £25m, which would help United save funds for other signings. DON'T MISSMan Utd rocked with Newcastle to celebrate Prem survival with '£60m Darwin Nunez bid'Erik ten Hag can weaken PSV for Ajax with exceptional Man Utd midfield signingCristiano Ronaldo 'has view on Man Utd signing striker' with Erik ten Hag meeting planned A centre-forward is also one of United's priorities with Benfica striker Darwin Nunez top of the agenda. The prolific Uruguayan has already enchanted United scouts, who have watched him upwards of 15 times this season. A deal for Nunez could cost north of £67m, however, The Athletic's David Ornstein has since reported that £51m could be enough to get a deal over the line. While United cannot offer Nunez Champions League football, their status and history still sees them recognised as one of the biggest clubs in world football - something that would help their sell to the player. Nunez fits the bill for Ten Hag, who is said to be 'in love' with the 22-year-old and he would be the perfect fresh face of United's new-look project. Stuttgart's 6ft 7' target man Sasa Kalajdzic could also be worth exploring with United said to have made an enquiry for the 24-year-old, who is also interesting Bayern Munich. The Austrian hitman, who would help bolster squad depth ahead of another gruelling Europa League campaign, is up for grabs for just £16m this summer - providing he does not sign a contract extension with Stuttgart. Much like Kalajdzic, Yves Bissouma is also out of contract in 2023, meaning Brighton will be forced to consider an unwanted sale in the coming months. The Seagulls do not want to lose the Mali international on a free transfer but with contract talks dead in the water, there's an acceptance that Bissouma may need to be moved on. He ticks all the right boxes for United, who have been desperately lacking a midfield player of his ilk and £20m could be enough to get a deal done. That kind of money for a player of Bissouma's quality represents a no-brainer. He would immediately improve their lacklustre midfield and will only get better with age after four seasons in the Premier League. Furthermore, it would also help save a significant percentage of United's budget for a serious attempt at signing Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. While the Catalan giants want to keep the Dutchman, they would find it hard to resist a substantial offer from United that offers them a chance to recoup the £65m paid to Ajax in 2019. De Jong would prefer to stay at Barcelona but there's every chance he could be tempted by a reunion with former boss Ten Hag, who would make him central to his new project. It remains unclear whether United will be handed in excess of £200m to spend but those five game-changing additions would bring them a lot closer to where they need to be. There would still be some areas in need of investment - including full-back and out wide - but United currently have enough depth to survive, particularly if Ten Hag can get more out of the current squad and players that will remain at Old Trafford.