Cristiano Ronaldo is reportedly hoping to have a new team around him at Manchester United next season. And, by wishing that, the Portugal international is discreetly putting pressure on the board. Erik ten Hag will be manager next term - but substantial investment is required if they’re to win a first Premier League title since Sir Alex Ferguson’s days at the helm. Manchester United re-signed Ronaldo last summer, with the Portugal international proceeding to score an impressive 24 goals across all competitions. And though there’s been talk of a move away from Old Trafford, all signs are presently pointing to him staying. According to Fabrizio Romano, Ronaldo is only thinking about United and how to make them a successful team again. And, what’s more, is he hopes to have a ‘new team’ around him next term as he targets Premier League title glory. By wishing that, Ronaldo is discreetly putting pressure on the board. The 37-year-old has stopped short of criticising the decision-making at Old Trafford this term, despite their woes. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Yet Ronaldo, by wanting United to splash the cash and bring in reinforcements, seems to be mirroring the thoughts of supporters. Amid claims Ten Hag will be given a £100million budget this summer, fans are calling for substantial investment. And Ronaldo, it appears, feels the same having been left unimpressed by United’s plight since his summer arrival. When it comes to potential targets for Ten Hag this summer, many players have been mentioned by various publications around the planet. Some, however, have been tipped to join more than others. United do want to land a centre-back this summer, at a time where Phil Jones and Eric Bailly are expected to leave. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And Jurrien Timber and Pau Torres, as well as Borussia Dortmund’s Manuel Akanji, are all of interest. Midfield is an area United know they’ve neglected for far too long, even though they’ve spent on Donny van de Beek, Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic and Fred over the past six years. Ruben Neves, of Wolves, has long been mooted as a potential player United would be interested in signing. And Boubacar Kamara, Frenkie de Jong, Declan Rice and Kalvin Phillips are all admired amid their fine form for Marseille, Barcelona, West Ham and leeds respectively. Regardless of what happens with Ronaldo, United plan on landing a new striker this summer. Darwin Nunez is one player of interest, having struck 34 times for Benfica across all competitions this term. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Antony and Harry Kane also have admirers at Old Trafford, too. Ronaldo wants United to build a new team. And, now, the onus is on the likes of the Glazers, John Murtough and Richard Arnold to ensure his demands are met. Ronaldo has cut a frustrated figure this season, often looking despairingly around and throwing his arms in the air in frustration. And if the Red Devils want that to end, they’ll need to take action. Meanwhile, former United star Like Chadwick thinks Ronaldo is worth keeping for Ten Hag as they prepare to work together. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Again, he’s shown what he’s all about,” he said. “His numbers, for a 37-year-old, scoring 24 goals and maybe a couple more to come, that’s incredible. “We all talk about his age but I think he’s certainly got the energy levels to keep on doing it at this level. “I think the main issue this season has been his frustration with how things went under Ole, and the results not really coming under Rangnick either. “Hopefully now we’re seeing that he’s a bit more positive, and hopefully the new manager can come in and bring everyone together. “At his best, he’s obviously someone you’d rather have at the club than not.”