Nottingham Forest season-ticket holder Robert Biggs has been jailed for six months after his sickening headbutt on Sheffield United captain Billy Sharp following Tuesday night's Championship play-off semi-final second leg at the City Ground. The 30-year-old supporter, whose shameful actions sadly overshadowed his side's dramatic penalty-shootout triumph over the Blades, pleaded guilty to assaulting the striker at Nottingham Magistrates' Court on Thursday.  Biggs from Ilkeston, Derbyshire will now spend 24 weeks behind bars, whilst he also received a 10-year ban from football. A second charge, in which Biggs was excused for entering the field of play, has since been withdrawn. Forest said in a club statement shortly after the match: "The Club will work with the authorities to locate the individual in order they are held to account for their actions, which will include a life ban from Nottingham Forest." Furthermore, Biggs has also been ordered to pay Sharp compensation of £500. He is also required to pay a victim surcharge of £128 and costs of £85. READ MORE: Man Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealed In a defiant and classy message on social media, Sharp refused to let the actions of Biggs tarnish the reputation of Forest supporters following his season-long loan spell with the club in the 2012/13 season. “One mindless idiot ruined what was an unbelievable night of football," Sharp said. “Congratulations to Nottingham Forest on their victory and good luck in the final. As an ex Forest player I will not let one scumbag ruin my respect for the Forest fans. “Incredibly proud to be captain of this group of Sheffield United players, they gave their all and can hold their heads up high. We will be back and go again. Thanks for all your messages and support after the incident.” While Sheffield United have been left to regroup following an excellent second half of the season under manager Paul Heckingbottom, Forest now look ahead to the play-off final at Wembley on May 29, when they will face Huddersfield at Wembley. Steve Cooper's spirited side had to do it the hard way though in typical Forest fashion, despite boasting a 2-1 advantage over the Blades following the first leg at Bramall Lane last weekend. Young Championship Player of the Season Brennan Johnson had put the hosts ahead before Sheffield United fought back with second-half goals from Morgan Gibbs-White and Iliman Ndiaye to send the game to extra-time. Yet the sides could not be separated after 210 minutes of electrifying action, although Ndiaye nearly snatched a late winner minutes from time when he was denied by the boot of Forest No 1 Brice Samba. The Congolese goalkeeper would prove to be the man of the moment, saving three Blades spot-kicks to book Forest's place at Wembley.