Appearing on This Morning earlier today, the financial journalist answered questions from viewers about their finances and continuing cost of living crisis. One woman named Susan asked Mr Lewis about whether should ask her provider for a third card payment holiday and if that would affect her credit rating. Host Phillip Schoefield read out her question live on air as part of the segment, with Martin Lewis offering advice as to her situation. Susan said: “I’ve been put on a payment holiday as unfortunately I’m out of work and on Universal Credit. “This is the second payment holiday I’ve been on this year and I’m worried that I’ll be in the same situation when I contact the credit card payment company again. “Will they give me another payment holiday or will it go to debt collectors, which means I’ll be blacklisted for six years.” In response, Mr Lewis said: “There is no such thing as blacklisting. Every company scores you differently. If you can’t pay your debts and are sent to debt collectors, that’s a very bad sign. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum “I’m afraid to tell you that having a payment holiday is also very negative for your credit file as well. They will be reporting that payment holiday. “Honestly, what I’m hearing is ‘I’ve got debt, I can’t repay and I don’t know how I’m going to repay it. What should I do?’ “The answer is go and get one-on-one help from one of the non-profit debt cancelling agencies; Citizens Advice, National Debtline, StepChange.” Also known as a deferral, a payment holiday is when a bank or financial institution allows a customer to make monthly repayments, often in a bid to help get back on their feet financially. Often payment holidays can last for up to three months without the customer being considered to be in debt. In light of the cost of living crisis, with inflation and energy bills on the rise, many credit card holders will be considering applying for a holiday to mitigate the continuing impact on their personal finances. All holidays last for a previously agreed period of time with a person’s bank or credit card provider. It should be noted that interest will normally continue to be charged on someone's credit card during the holiday and the amount that will be owed will not be reduced over that period. As inflation reaches nine percent and with energy bills set to hit £2,800 in October, many households will be relying on credit card payments to make ends meet. With this comes a greater risk of families falling into debt, with Creditspring reporting that credit card debt will reach £68billion within the next six months. Neil Kadagathur, the co-Founder and CEO of Creditspring, explained: “For many households, the next rise in the energy cap will be the tipping point that pushes them into debt. “With inflation and living costs soaring, millions are struggling to make ends meet and could be forced to turn to high-cost options to survive. “The risk is that UK households become over-reliant on borrowing from credit cards, facing ever-growing interest repayments. “As energy costs soar over winter, this is only going to increase, placing even more pressure on household budgets. “Currently, there are up to 15 million people in the UK struggling to access mainstream credit options – these are the individuals most at risk from unscrupulous lending practices and falling into debt and are in real need of immediate support.” Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip