Red Bull's decision to hand Sergio Perez a new and improved contract until 2024 could open the door for McLaren to source Pierre Gasly as Daniel Ricciardo's long-term replacement before the start of next season. Perez signed a two-year extension to his current deal with the Bulls over the course of the Monaco Grand Prix weekend before he stormed to victory at the iconic Monte-Carlo circuit ahead of Carlos Sainz, Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc. The Mexican driver has proven his worth as the perfect team-mate to Verstappen since joining Red Bull at the end of 2020 and has now been duly rewarded for his good form with some much-needed security over his long-term future. Perez's deal will come as a major blow for Gasly, though, who appears to have little to no chance of returning to the senior Red Bull team over the next few years.Gasly has made no secret of his desire to earn a second chance at Red Bull after he was dropped at the end of a lacklustre six-month spell on their books in 2019. He has since established himself as one of the best midfield drivers on the grid with AlphaTauri, with his impressive on-track performances having sparked rumours that he could be promoted into the coveted Red Bull seat once again if Perez's form drops off.However, there now appears to be no future for Gasly in the Red Bull family unless he is happy to stagnate at AlphaTauri, who remain some way off being able to challenge for Grand Prix victories in spite of their progress over the last few seasons. It seems as though the Frenchman could potentially emerge as a shrewd option for McLaren, though, if the historic British outfit decide to cut ties with Ricciardo in the not-too-distant future. JUST IN: Verstappen backed to beat Leclerc as Ferrari warned over mistakes Ricciardo has long been one of the best-loved drivers in F1 but finds himself under threat of the sack at McLaren after failing to live up to expectations with the team over the last 18 months. He joined on a multi-year basis to replace Sainz upon the latter's move to Ferrari at the start of last year but has been consistently outperformed by Lando Norris and has only managed to rack up a total of 11 points since the beginning of the current campaign.McLaren CEO Zak Brown has already suggested that Ricciardo could be ditched at the end of the season if he is unable to put things right over the coming weeks and months. It remains to be seen whether Gasly could emerge as a potential replacement for the Aussie star if he is eventually dropped, with such a move potentially able to suit the former to a tee. Gasly would undoubtedly have a better chance of fighting for Grand Prix victories and podium finishes at McLaren than he currently does at AlphaTauri and a fresh start away from the Red Bull roster could be exactly what he needs to realise his true potential. F1 managing director Ross Brawn previously insisted that Gasly is far too good to be stuck in the doldrums at AlphaTauri and suggested that a move elsewhere could soon be on the horizon if Red Bull decide to stick with Perez for the foreseeable future, which they now appear to have done by way of his new contract."It is a real credit to him that he’s stayed committed," said Brawn last year when quizzed on Gasly's future. "Something will happen for him in the future, he won’t be able to stay in the family if an opportunity to return to the Red Bull works team isn’t coming."He’s too good for that. An opportunity will come at some stage, he’s doing a brilliant job." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE