Simon Cowell’s brother could miss out on the Britain's Got Talent star’s wedding to Lauren Silverman due to a purported fallout. Simon, 62, is set to marry Lauren, 44, at Cliveden House in Berkshire next month. The couple’s son Eric, 8, is set to be at the event, and so is Lauren’s son from her first marriage, Adam, 16. Simon’s half-siblings Michael, Tony and June are also expected to be in attendance during the nuptials. However, Simon’s brother, Nick, could be absent from the TV personality’s big day, according to sources. The pair are said to have had a fallout and only recently started talking again. A source told the MailOnline: “There has been a thawing of relations and they are now talking to each other occasionally. “There's been perestroika, after years of no-contact, but it's early days still. They concluded: “I would definitely not expect him at the wedding.” Another insider told the news outlet: “They are only just talking; and we don't expect that Nick or his family will put in an appearance.” Express.co.uk has approached representatives for Simon Cowell for comment. Simon popped the question to Lauren on Christmas Eve during a holiday in Barbados. The couple had dated for 13 years before Simon popped the question. They had also welcomed their son Eric seven years prior to the proposal. DON'T MISS...Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT]Dick Van Dyke, 96, steps out in rare appearance with young wife, 50 [PICS]Tom Hanks fans cause stir as they spot 'Forrest Gump' watching Queen [COMMENT] Simon and Lauren met while they were on holiday in Barbados in 2004. She was there with her then-husband, real estate mogul Andrew Silverman. Speaking to The Sun about the upcoming wedding, Simon’s sister-in-law Emma Lloyd-Cowell, who is married to his half-brother Tony, spoke out her concerns he will be a “groomzilla” as preparations are underway. Emma questioned: “Will he be a groomzilla? It’s hard to say. “Simon has very clear likes and dislikes. “He is used to calling the shots on TV and behind the scenes so I’m sure he applies that to all areas of his life, including his wedding." She added: “But Lauren will have equally strong ideas as it’s her big day too. It’s also important for Eric, and Simon’s step son Adam. “I’m sure he’s got lots of ideas, plans, and maybe a few surprises for Lauren, but I imagine it will be a low-key, really special day for them,” she told The Sun.