Earlier this week, the Chancellor outlined the Government’s latest wave of support to combat the continuing cost of living crisis. This comes as inflation has hit a 40-year of nine percent and energy bills are expected to reach around £2,800 in October. Overall, Rishi Sunak shared his plans which included an extra £15billion in funding for various support payments to tackle the cost of living issue. If someone were to receive the entirety of the support which is set to be rolled out throughout the year, they would be able to claim an extra £1,650, according to one expert. Millions of means-tested benefit claimants will be able to get a one-off cost-of-living payment of £650 as part of Rishi’s plan. This will be payable in two instalments in July and later in the autumn, and the money will be deposited straight into peoples’ bank accounts. Furthermore, pensioners will receive a new £300 one-off payment automatically to help with their rising energy bills. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum Nearly six million disabled people across the nation will benefit from an extra one-off payment of £150 to beat the rate hikes. As well as this, Mr Sunak promised to put aside an extra £500million in extra cash for the Household Support Fund. Furthermore, the Chancellor revealed that the Government will be introducing a universal discount for energy bills totalling £400. This will replace the £200 ‘Buy Now, Pay Later’ loan announced earlier this year which was created to tackle the energy crisis also.  On the new support package, Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, said: “Rishi Sunak’s bumper giveaway was far bigger than most expected, with an extra £400 for every household in the UK, £700 for pensioners and £1,050 for low-income households – on top of the £150 council tax giveaway that many have already received. “The maximum benefit a household can claim is £1,650, which feels like a giant sum, and the lowest income households will get £1,170. “However, to put that into context, between March and October this year average energy bills will rise by £1,523 – so for those households getting the largest handouts it still only leaves £100 spare to cover all the other cost of living increases. “The public called for specific and targeted support for low-income households and that’s what the Chancellor has delivered. “What will be even better received is that some of that support will come straight away, rather than making people wait until later in the year to get the handout – helping those who are struggling right now.” Paul Chong, the chief operating officer of debt resolution platform Ophelos, said: “The £400 grant for all, and the £650 payment for lower-income households, will only come into effect in autumn, meaning households still face a tough few months ahead. “There is still much more to be done if we are to alleviate the financial pressures on households across the country. “We are seeing more and more families struggling to make ends meet, and more inevitably falling into debt. “As such, the Government and businesses need to radically rethink the provisions in place to support vulnerable families facing debt, and approach this late stage of the customer journey with ethics and responsibility. “The reality is that businesses will be increasingly judged by how they treat their customers in debt. Now, and in the long term, we need more tech-driven solutions with an ethical core that identify and support vulnerable customers.”