Earlier this week, it was announced that Sadiq Khan plans to expand the ULEZ zone to cover nearly all of London by 2023. The expanded Ultra-Low Emission Zone would cover nearly the entirety of the capital city, with 3.5million more people at risk of being charged daily for driving. The new proposals would see the zone’s boundary extend from the North and South Circular Roads to the whole of Greater London from August 29, 2023. If the proposals were to be introduced, Transport for London (TFL) would bring in an extra £1.7million per day. And now, several drivers have hit back at the London Mayor’s plans with some calling the proposals “evil”. Taking to the comments section, one Express.co.uk reader named DWGW said: “This evil little devil really needs exorcising! READ MORE: Elderly motorists react to calls for mandatory retests over 60 “Elderly, sick and the disabled are struggling to pay for fuel and food and he wants them to fork out almost £100 per week just to drive to the hospital, doctors, and shops or sit at home and stare at four walls until they die because they can't afford to own/run a car, keep warm and eat? “Disabled can't use his precious TFL, most disabled use wheelchairs and wheelchairs can't get on buses! “They don't get that much money (£400) per month in state pension. “Years ago what he is doing would have been called genocide!” DON'T MISS Driver fined £293 for driving under 60mph on motorway [INSIGHT] Caravan owners at risk of hefty fines when driving in Europe this year [WARNING] Drivers risk huge £5,000 fines for listening to Premier League games [REVEAL] Another reader named sined commented: “This Monty needs to be stopped. He is destroying London and making Londoners pay for it.” While steviehop added: “He travels free, by car, that taxpayers pay for. Enough said. “He hates the UK and just wants to be part of the EU so he can jump on the gravy train. “London is now a left-wing center that wants to cut down the UK systems for their own way of life. “Like many others who live in the UK and hate its culture and ways - If you don’t like it leave the UK and live in a country more in line with your way of life.” Seturbo agreed commenting: “Another reason to stay away from that wretched town. “Would the last person to leave, turn off the lights. Putin isn’t the only one who wants a ghost town!” While Old Scratch joked: “Just build a wall around it and charge admission like a safari park.” Some Express.co.uk readers disagreed, arguing that what Mr Khan is doing will help the environment and ensure better health. Saoutchik said: “9,000 Londoners die every year due to toxins present in the air. “I'm glad that at last someone is taking the issue seriously. “This should have been done over a decade ago but back then we had the hated and corrupt B. Johnson as Mayor.” Patriot65 added: “Good health is something you just cannot buy and will save the NHS money. “Shopping and schooling locally is feasible in London with ample public transport options or home supermarket deliveries from all the majors! “I fully support this eco-friendly move that shows leadership.” One of the most ambitious plans is the Mayor’s target to reach net-zero carbon emissions by 2030, 20 years earlier than the UK Government’s plans for the rest of the country. The Mayor specifically highlights that in 2019, around 4,000 Londoners died prematurely because of the toxic air through high carbon dioxide, nitrogen oxide (NOx), and PM2.5 levels.