Natasha Raskin Sharp has been a regular face on BBC’s daytime show, Antiques Road Trip since her debut in 2015. The presenter detailed the surprising way she almost lost her role as an antique expert.  Antiques Road Trip has remained a huge hit for the BBC since it first premiered in 2013 alongside its acclaimed celebrity spin-off, Celebrity Antiques Road Trip. Each episode follows two experts as they compete to buy antiques and collectables with a budget of £200. The items are then sold off at auction with the winning expert being whoever made the most profit. However, its spin-off follows familiar faces as they attempt to uncover items to raise the most money for their chosen charity.  READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut Despite being a fan-favourite presenter, Natasha Raskin Sharp shared how she almost lost out on the role. Back in 2015, before making her debut, she told The Sunday Post how she didn’t tell producers crucial information, which almost cost her the job. The then 28-year-old shared: “I'd been doing Bargain Hunt when the executive producer of Antiques Road Trip called to ask if I wanted to audition for the show.” “It was intense. I had to go through three or four auditions until finally, I got to come in for a big meeting, where a panel of people, including the director, were looking me up and down thinking, 'Is she going to be OK'?  Natasha added: “The thing was I had something quite important I really needed to get off my chest - I couldn't drive!” Eventually, she confessed and shared the bosses were understandably irritated as being able to drive was a key requirement for the role. This was because the two experts competing against each other would have to drive around Britain to find the treasures. Detailing their reactions, Natasha disclosed: “They couldn't believe it. It had all been sweetness and light up till that point, but then it all got a bit grave.”  DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place [INSIGHT]Antiques Road Trip welcomes new expert to BBC series [INSIGHT] Antiques Road Trip expert Tim Medhurst ’chuffed’ with profit [INSIGHT] Thankfully for the presenter, she was still offered the role under one condition, she had to pass her driving test before the production started for the new episodes. Natasha was able to do so by taking an intensive driving course and although she failed twice, she passed on her third attempt. Throughout her journey on the show, she has travelled far and wide across Britain to collect antiques and win the competition. Viewers have watched her drive across Liverpool, Anglesey, Somerset and Scotland.  As well as being her motivation to drive, Natasha can also credit the show for helping her find love. This was where she met Joe Sharp, who worked as a producer and director of Antiques Road Trip. The two fell in love behind the scenes and eventually tied the knot during a small ceremony located in Scotland in 2016. Antiques Road Trip is available on BBC iPlayer. 