The CEO of One Year No Beer, Ruari Fairbairns, cautioned that drinking more than 14 units of alcohol weekly can lead to health problems, which is why moderating your alcohol consumption is a good idea. "A good first step is to set yourself the ultimate goal," said Fairbairns. "Whether that be to quit or cut down drinking for one month, three months or a year." Fairbairns suggests setting "achievable, realistic goals" to achieve the ultimate goal. "An example of smaller goal setting could include setting yourself a drink limit on a night out, whether this be maximum units or maximum costs," he advised. "After each month, examine whether you are finding the goal too easy, and make it more challenging to reach your ultimate goal of alcohol-free days or quitting alcohol for good." Another tip from Fairbairns is to "keep attractive non-alcoholic options at home". "You could even create a non-alcoholic bar in your own home with plenty of mocktail and sparkling juice options," said Fairbairns. READ MORE: Dementia: The berry shown to boost oxygen in the brain and reduce memory loss in weeks Nowadays, there is much more options in regards to alcohol-free beverages, including alcohol-free wines and beers. "Non-alcoholic drinks are a great option for people who want the experience of drinking without any of the actual alcohol content," he added. Fairbairns also recommends rethinking your after-work routine. "After a stressful day at work, it can be tempting to reach for a glass of wine or beer to help you relax," said Fairbairns. Nowadays, there is much more options in regards to alcohol-free beverages, including alcohol-free wines and beers. "Non-alcoholic drinks are a great option for people who want the experience of drinking without any of the actual alcohol content," he added. Fairbairns also recommends rethinking your after-work routine. "After a stressful day at work, it can be tempting to reach for a glass of wine or beer to help you relax," said Fairbairns. "Alcohol depresses the central nervous system, providing a sedative effective as it decreases a person’s inhibitions. "While this may provide temporary relief for the stress and anxieties you carry from work, you may be doing more harm than good in the long term." Fairbairns explained: "Consuming too much alcohol can lead to memory loss, blackouts and create more anxiety as you build up a tolerance for alcohol. "Instead, change this daily drinking habit after work by engaging in another activity." Other activities, instead of drinking alcohol, can include: a relaxing bath, a stroll nearby, or a non-alcoholic beverage. While this tip might seem a bit out there, Fairbairns says snacking on foods with a high water content might be helpful. "When you're eating salty snacks like crisps and salted nuts, you may feel an urge to have alcohol," he began. "But if you eat foods high in water content like fruits (watermelon, melon, strawberries, and blueberries) and soups, juices, and smoothies, you may find that your thirst will be quenched." Fairbairns added that people should not feel obliged to drink just because others are. "You should avoid people who try to make you drink when you don't want to," he said. "Practice assertiveness, saying no and in the worst case, leaving situations you feel uncomfortable in." If you are struggling and need further assistance, speak to your GP or get free, confidential advice over the phone from Drinkline or Alcoholics Anonymous.