As Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby crossed over to the Loose Women panel during Monday's This Morning, Ruth Langsford thought Phillip was calling her a "well-dressed mutt" as they discussed what was coming up on the show. The Loose Women host called out her former co-star with Holly quickly jumping in to clear up any confusion. Just before they panned over to the Loose Women studio, Holly said: "Right still to come... he's got the paw-fect Jubilee accessories. "Gyles [Brandreth] is back to show you how our dog can take part in the celebrations too." "On the subject of well-dressed mutts," Phillip chipped in. "In just a moment we are joined by Sweep and Sooty as well to hear about their exciting new project." "First though, it's time to find out what the Loose Women are talking about this lunchtime," Holly added. "There they are, hi Ruth!" READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue As the camera panned to the panel, Ruth could be heard laughing alongside her co-hosts Judi Love, Denise Welch and Kéllé Bryan. Discussing why she was laughing, Ruth explained they all thought Phillip was referring to one of them being a "well-dressed mutt". The Loose Women star replied: "I'm so sorry, when Phillip said, 'Talking of well-dressed mutts', we all went, 'Sorry, sorry!'" "No," Holly hit back as Ruth added: "I thought you were going to hand to us, Phillip." She went on to explain: "Sorry that was why we were laughing. "Coming up with us well-dressed mutts, it is the job she'd love to do if she wasn't a Loose Women. "Inspired by Selling Sunset we are heading to LA to see Denise [Welch] become an estate agent in the Hollywood Hills." "We will see you at 12.30pm," Ruth said as she concluded the segment before barking like a dog. DON'T MISS...Young Sheldon fans sent into meltdown over subtle nod to Big Bang [REACTION]Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark [VIDEO]Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [INSIGHT] Phillip's remark came days after Ruth's husband, Eamonn Holmes addressed his wife's alleged feud with Phillip after he cut her off in the middle of a segment for Loose Women in 2019. The GB News presenter accused Phillip of being "passive-aggressive" and claimed he has a habit of "snubbing people". Eamonn and Ruth were replaced on This Morning after ITV bosses decided to shake up the presenting line-up. Instead, they decided to replace the husband and wife duo with Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond, who now present their Friday slot. Discussing Phillip's feud with Ruth, Eamonn said: "Phillip is renowned for snubbing people. "I have a good Belfast street fighter in me… I would be direct. I don't go for presenters who think they have a special privilege or aura or influence." He went on to speak about ITV's decision to replace him and Ruth on This Morning. He added to the Daily Mail's Weekend magazine: "No one explained anything. "They're sly. They didn't want to announce that I'd been dropped because it would adversely affect audience figures, so they made it look as if I'd walked away from them rather than the other way round." This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.