A team of US Congress members will travel to London and other capitals as concerns grow in Washington about the tensions caused by Britain's post-Brexit stand-off with the European Union over Northern Ireland. According to The Guardian, at least half a dozen representatives from Congress will hold meetings in Brussels, Dublin, London and Belfast within days. The delegation will be headed by Richard Neal who chairs the Ways and Means Committee which has powers over trade deals, the newspaper said. A US House of Representatives aide confirmed details contained in the Guardian story. Earlier this week US president Joe Biden argued Prime Minister Boris Johnson should not discard the Northern Ireland protocol following Government's warning to the EU over parts of the hated deal. But the comments infuriated Lord David Frost, UK's former Brexit minister. Speaking to GB News, he said: “I'm not sure that they have followed all the details of everything that's happening in Northern Ireland, the disruption that's being caused, the social disruption, the political difficulties. “I think it's good that if a team is coming across here to the UK to see what is happening, then they will see very quickly the problems. “So, I do think the administration should be careful in intervening on a question that involves the unity of a country, of a very close ally and friend, and I would hope that they would be.” Last year US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said there could be no trade deal between the United States and Britain if the Northern Ireland peace agreement was destroyed. READ MORE: 'Putin would love that' Boris warned over tearing up hated Brexit deal  Senior British politicians want to overhaul the agreement on trade between Northern Ireland and the United Kingdom that they signed up to in order to get Brexit done. They have warned they might have to take unilateral action. European Commission vice-president Maros Sefcovic said on Thursday that the possibility of Britain acting unilaterally was "of serious concern" and any move to scrap the agreement would be "unacceptable". Lord Frost said he is not convinced by the European Union’s threat of a trade war with the UK if the controversial Northern Ireland Protocol is ditched by the Government. DON'T MISS:Boris to issue Sinn Fein Brexit ultimatum in DAYS [INSIGHT]GB News: EU torn apart for restarting NI troubles [VIDEO]'True Conservative' Lord Frost fuels speculation he'll ditch title [ANALYSIS] “We've got to find another way forward,” he said. “I think the EU has suggested that it might retaliate against the UK if we take measures - let's see. “I’m not convinced everybody in the EU will be really up for a trade war with the UK, but you never know. “Some things are more important. The integrity of the country is important. “The unity of the country is important and it's the job of the British government to defend those things and I think the government has been very flexible, very patient, very keen to try and find a consensus way forward with the EU but it just hasn't been possible.”