A recent study by the University of Leeds found that just 1.6 percent of lunchboxes packed at home boasted adequate nutrition. Just one-fifth of lunchboxes contained a vegetable, and half of the packed lunches included fruit. As such, parent-made lunchboxes for the school day “rarely meet the school food standards”, according to Stephanie Slater of the charity, ‘School Food Matters’. Ms Slater said: “The Leeds study has shown that packed lunches rarely meet the school food standards. “In our work in schools we regularly see lunchboxes filled with crisps, chocolate and fizzy drinks.” The charity has established a number of instructional classes to show parents the healthier alternatives for children’s snacks in school hours. Ms Slater added: “We’re supporting schools to put together a packed lunch policy and workshops for parents so they know what to include in their child’s lunchbox.” At least 100 schools will take part in the charity’s programme over the next five years. But there will be no scenario where school staff turn into “packed lunch police”, Ms Slater commented. She continued: “With a clear policy in place, school staff don’t have to become ‘packed lunch police’ which creates tensions between schools and families. READ MORE: Grisly warning to farmers as 'killer worm' found in UK garden “But the very best way to ensure that children get the variety and the nutrition they need to thrive is to encourage them to eat a hot school meal.” There are no regulations around nutritional content for packed lunches, although regulations were introduced back in 2015 on hot school dinners. Government rules changed to “ensure that food provided to pupils in school is nutritious and of high quality”. School governing bodies can choose what form these school lunches take, but they are obligated to meet the government standards for nutrition. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Britain braces for economic boost after dominating board [LIVE] Ukraine annihilates 'Putin's personal boat' in laser-guided attack [VIDEO] Ukraine annihilates 'Putin's personal boat' in laser-guided attack [REPORT] Typically, sandwiches in packed lunches are made with white bread, with the most popular filling being ham. Not far behind are jam and marmite fillings. University of Leeds researcher, Professor Jason Halford, described the difficulty in ensuring a nutritious diet of fruit and vegetables in the school scenario if diets away from the educational setting do not match up. He said: "Promoting more fruit and veg intake at school is difficult if this is not the diet at home. “Helping families to pack more healthy lunches is obviously something that should be supported but we need to understand the barriers families face doing this." The research from the University of Leeds was published in the BMJ Open Journal, and was incorporated into an obesity report by the World Health Organisation. It was based on data collected since 2006.