Although it’s a crucial part of maintaining the condition of washing machines, many are prone to missing the rubber seal when carrying out a deep clean. The rubber seal gathers an unfavourable amount of bacteria and dirt, and can contribute to damp smells in the appliance. Failing to scrub this spot can lead to bad odours or grimy marks imprinting on clean clothes after the spin. Fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have taken to dedicated cleaning pages to share their top tips for cleaning washing machine seals. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on tips to remove black mould from her mother's washing machine seal without causing any damage. Alex Philips wrote: “Hi, the rubber in my mum's washing machine has gone black with mould at the bottom (I think she must always close the door!) and it's quite bad. “Is there any way of removing it without wrecking the rubber seal? The mould remover I have says ‘don't use on rubber’!” The rubber seal wraps around the door of your washing machine. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers There are a number of causes for an increased grime build-up, but it most notably includes consistent washing at low temperatures, as well as excessive use of enzyme-based detergents. Combined with the fact the washing machine generally has substantial amounts of water passing through it regularly, it’s no wonder the drum can be a breeding ground for mould. However, it’s important to abolish the grime soon after it festers. If left, it can cause blocked hoses and maintenance issues, and as mentioned, dirty clothes and bad smells in the machine. DON'T MISS: Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly [EXPERT]Energy bills: ‘Most efficient way’ to save money in the kitchen [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to remove ‘very stubborn’ limescale deposits from taps [TIPS]  Fortunately Alex’s post was inundated with comments from fellow Mrs Hinch fans eager to offer their advice on how to clean this area of the washing machine. Of all the comments, the most popular solution was to use white vinegar. White vinegar can be purchased for as little as 29p in local supermarkets such as Tesco and Sainsbury’s. Maia Denton said: “I put kitchen roll drenched with white vinegar round mine and left it overnight. It was amazing, it wiped off in the morning and there was no mould in sight. “I found this to be the cheapest way to clean the seal and works so much better than chemical cleaning products.” Gemma Dodridge commented: “I used white vinegar on the rubber seal, left it on about 30 minutes and it wiped off easily. I then put a hot empty cycle on ...no mould and no damage. “Try also to get your mum to leave the washing machine door open for a while after each wash.” Val Fisher wrote: “I just did mine, kitchen paper soaked in white vinegar. Left it for a while and yuk, it was black! “I never close my machine door when it's empty, maybe it's the constant dampness.” Carol Stone advised: “Put some white vinegar on a cloth and wipe round the rubber. “Once it’s clear, wipe dry with kitchen roll when machine has been used.” Jennie Harris suggested: “Spray this white vinegar over the rubber seal and leave for an hour or so with the washing machine door shut. Then put on a hot wash, worked well on mine and was so cheap. “Make sure you leave the door open to air dry afterwards and after each wash load.”