Cristiano Ronaldo missed a farewell meal put on for departing Manchester United staff members last week. But while Ralf Rangnick believed that decision hinted at a ‘fractured team spirit’ within the camp, it actually speaks volumes about the Portugal international. Celebrating, after a season like this, simply isn’t in his DNA. Ronaldo returned to Manchester United from Juventus back in the summer transfer window, 12 years after he’d quit to move to Spain with Real Madrid. And the Portugal international didn’t disappoint, netting 24 goals across all competitions - more than any other player at the club. Ronaldo has been a positive figure behind the scenes, too, even if there’s been talk of his return causing division and uncertainty among the squad. According to a recent report from The Athletic, the Portugal international was absent as players attended a meal at Wings in Manchester last week. This event was put on to bid farewell to departing staff members, with eight or nine other senior stars missing. But while some may believe that’s Ronaldo sulking, it speaks volumes about his competitive mindset. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings In his eyes, there is nothing to celebrate. This was United’s worst-ever season in the Premier League era which, given their plight in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement, takes quite some doing. And Ronaldo, given his ultra-competitive mindset, isn’t one to simply smile and put on a facade. In private, the Portugal international will be hurting. He didn’t come back to play in the Europa League but, after the club finished sixth, that’s the reality. Ronaldo has, in every season since the 2009/2010 campaign, won a trophy. He claimed 15 during his time in Spain, firing Madrid to four Champions League crowns during a nine-year spell. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And while his time at Juventus didn’t live up to expectations on the whole, he was still a hit at the Allianz Stadium nonetheless. He won the Serie A title twice in as many years upon first moving to Turin back in the summer transfer window of 2019. And though his final year in Italy failed to live up the billing, he was still able to clinch the Coppa Italia before pursuing a new challenge elsewhere. Ronaldo, earlier in the season, admitted United’s plight was difficult to digest. In an interview with Sky Sports, he said: "I don't want to be here to be in sixth place, or seventh place, or fifth place. "I'm here to try to win, to compete. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "I think to build up good things, sometimes you have to destroy a few things.” While Ronaldo’s hunger to be successful may have prevented him from dining at Wings, it’s also worth noting his personal circumstances as well. The 37-year-old was recently struck by tragedy when his newborn son sadly passed away shortly after being born. Ronaldo missed just one match afterwards, the 4-0 defeat to Liverpool at Anfield. But he may very well have chosen to give the meal in Manchester a miss to spend more time with his loved ones, including his newborn daughter. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He is, after all, a family man as well. Now a father of five, he’s balancing fatherhood as well as being the biggest footballer on the planet. Ronaldo is now set to stay at United. His decision not to attend the meal in Manchester has nothing to do with any desire to go. And Erik ten Hag, his new manager, recently talked up the veteran. "Of course," he said when asked if Ronaldo would be a key part of his upcoming project at Old Trafford. On what he’ll bring, he added: "Ronaldo? Goals!"