Mark Flanagan, Royal Chef to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, has described how the Queen "misses nothing", adding that "her memory is incredible". He also said the Queen "loves" receiving the menu in French, a tradition going back centuries. Mr Flanagan said the 96-year-old monarch is very skilled at spotting French spelling or grammar mistakes. Speaking about the different menu options that he presents to the Queen, the royal chef said: "Her Majesty will make the final decision, interject her own suggestions, or remember that so and so really liked that the last time they came. "Her memory is incredible. "All the menus have her hand on them." Speaking to Town and Country Magazine, he added: "Her Majesty loves the menu in French. "And if I get an accent wrong or mix up the masculine and feminine on the menus I send up for her approval, she’ll let me know. "Her Majesty misses nothing!" This comes as Buckingham Palace gears up to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The celebrations will take place across the first weekend of June with a four-day Bank Holiday READ MORE: Best pictures of Queen and Royal Family at Royal Windsor Horse Show The Queen celebrated her Golden Jubilee with a banquet in the Waterloo Chamber of Windsor Castle on June 17, 2002. The dinner was attended by all of the reigning European Sovereigns and Consorts. Guests included Queen Margrethe and Prince Henrik of Denmark, Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands, King Harald and Queen Sonja of Norway and King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia of Spain. Mr Flanagan's comments about the Queen's "incredible" memory come despite mounting concerns about the Queen's health. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle savaged after grandstanding over working mothers [REACTION] Kate and William pay deeply emotional tribute to Deborah James [REPORT] Princess Anne tipped for major role as Queen health fears mount [REVEAL] Most recently, the Queen was forced to cancel her attendance at the State Opening of Parliament as a result of health issues. Prince Charles, 73, delivered the Queen's Speech on her behalf. Until the day before the event, Buckingham Palace had repeatedly said the Queen still "hoped" to attend. The palace announced she had "reluctantly" taken the decision to pull out of the event, which she has only missed twice before. Her spokesperson said she is continuing to suffer from "episodic mobility problems". In March, she missed the Easter Sunday Service at St George's Chapel, despite it being on the grounds of Windsor Castle. And, last October, she was unable to attend the Remembrance Sunday Service at the Cenotaph.