A TikTok user went viral for tinting his car windows with maple syrup and charcoal toothpaste. The video has received more than 110 million views and over six million likes. But, drivers have now been warned that the trend could land them with a hefty fine. The clip shows the TikToker using a simple paintbrush to coat his car window with maple syrup and charcoal toothpaste before applying cling film on top of it. He leaves his car for an hour before coming back and wiping off the mixture. However, tinting the car windows comes with its own limitations. And, if motorists fail to adhere to the rules they could receive a fine, penalty points, and even face court. READ MORE: 'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' Drivers are allowed to modify their cars to a certain extent, but some modifications are illegal. Some seven percent of all car modification enquiries to MoneySuperMarket were about window tinting. Many drivers do not realise that tinting car windows beyond the allowed limit can result in a £50 to £100 fine, three penalty points or even being reported to court. The front windscreen, and both front side window glasses, must all let through at least 70 percent of light on vehicles first used before April 1, 1985. DON'T MISSDriver fined £100 for staying in car park for just four minutes [INSIGHT] Mum handed £100 parking fine for overstaying nine minutes [SHOCKING] Andy Burnham scraps daily charging for petrol and diesel vehicles [REVEAL] The glass used for the front windscreen must let through at least 75 percent of light on vehicles first used on, or after, April 1, 1985. Similarly, the two front-side windows must let through at least 70 percent of light. UK car tinted windows law has several conditions attached to it. As such, it is illegal to fit any incorrect level of tinted glass to a vehicle in the United Kingdom. It is also against the law to sell the wrong tint of glass (or sell a vehicle that already has the illegal glass fitted). If the front side windows or windscreen are found to be too heavily tinted, drivers are committing an offense. They can then be issued with an Endorseable Fixed Penalty Notice (EFPN) – meaning three points on the driving licence and a fine. However, if the windows are illegally tinted but close to the legal limit, it is possible motorists might be let off with a vehicle defect rectification notice. This requires drivers to have the tint removed and provide evidence that this has been done to a police station. The biggest safety risk with tinted windows comes when driving at night. Experts have warned that it is important for drivers to keep in mind that having the car windows tinted will reduce the amount of light passing through the glass, which in turn will make it harder to see in low-light conditions. Police and Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) enforce car window tinting rules. In some cases, drivers may get pulled over by the police for having over tinted windows. The DVSA’s examiners use light measuring equipment to measure levels of window tint. They measure the level of light passing through the glass in the vehicle. When it comes to car insurance, tinting windows usually do not cause higher insurance premiums. However, different companies can have different rules, so it is important to check with the insurance provider to see whether tinted windows require a change in the policy. This is important for those who have their car on finance. Jo Thornhill from MoneySuperMarket said: “You need to let your finance provider know of any changes to the car, no matter how small. “That’s because you don’t actually own the car while paying your finance instalments on PCP or HP. “As long as you are within your contract, the car belongs to the finance company and is their security for the loan. “Therefore, the finance company can place restrictions on the car while they are the owner. “If they need to recoup their losses due to you not being able to make repayments, they can take the car and sell it. “But modifications to a car can affect its value; they can either improve it or lower it. In your eyes, you might have improved it, but the finance company may think differently.”