Arsenal will prioritise the signing of a midfielder this summer, according to reports. There are currently four midfielders on the Gunners' list of targets and the club will decide on the best candidate once their Champions League fate is sealed. Arsenal currently sit fourth in the Premier League as they aim to qualify for Europe's elite club competition for the first time since 2016. Sunday's victory over Leeds at the Emirates moved Mikel Arteta's side four points clear of north London rivals Tottenham. Victory over Spurs in Thursday's derby would seal a top-four spot. However, a defeat would likely mean Arsenal would have to win their final two matches of the season. Arsenal will look to sign at least one striker this summer, with Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus a target. But Caught Offside claims a midfielder is also a priority for Arteta. READ MORE: Chelsea's new owners tipped to do three things completely different to Abramovich  The report has named four midfielders who are of interest to the Gunners. Juventus' Arthur Melo and Aston Villa's Douglas Luiz are both listed. Arsenal were keen on signing Arthur on loan in January but a deal fell through. The Brazilian is not thought to be one of the preferred targets for the time being. Meanwhile, Luiz can leave Villa for the right price but there have been no talks with Arsenal as of yet. There are two other midfielders who continue to be linked with the club. Wolves' Ruben Neves, who has also attracted interest from Manchester United, remains a target. However, Wolves boss Bruno Lage claimed last month he would want £100million for the Portugal star. DON'T MISSDarwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag' [SOCIAL]Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away [TRANSFERS]Arsenal legends' view on Mikel Arteta after Spaniard warned them not to 'spread poison' [QUOTES]  He could therefore be too expensive. However, Youri Tielemans' contract situation means he could be available in a cut-price deal. Leicester could be willing to listen to offers of between £25.6m (€30m) and £29.9m (€35m), it has been claimed. The Belgian's current deal at the King Power expires at the end of next season. Arteta and technical director Edu are in charge of Arsenal's transfer business. They will decide on the best candidate to sign once their European fate is confirmed. Meanwhile, the report says Granit Xhaka will discuss his future with Arsenal at the end of the season. The Switzerland star has put in a string of strong performances of late, especially since the thigh injury suffered by Thomas Partey.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here