Many Britons up and down the country are looking forward to their first hot holiday in almost three years following the worst of the coronavirus pandemic. But after years of lockdowns and restrictions, many might be feeling out of shape and anxious before their summer holiday. As a result, losing weight can be a daunting task for many people, especially if you don't know what you should and shouldn't be doing. With so much to consider and think about when working out the best plan to help you shed some pounds, it’s easy to get wrapped up in catch all diets and methods that are difficult to follow through with. Reducing your calories and exercising more is key when losing weight - but even though it sounds simple, it can be deceptively difficult to lose weight if you’re maintaining bad habits. Express.co.uk spoke with wellness psychologist Ieva Kubiliute, from oliolusso.com, to discuss what mistakes you could be making when attempting to lose weight or get fitter and healthier. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex's diet 'has had huge impact' on royal's slim figure Ms Kubilute said a balance needs to be struck when it comes to exercising. She advised that engaging in cardio exercises while skipping weight lifting or strength gaining activities will hinder your weight loss journey. Ms Kubilute told Express.co.uk: “Most people tend to do cardio exercises for weight loss as they believe that strength gaining or weight lifting activities can increase total weight. “Contrary to this misconception, engaging in strength gaining or weight lifting activities has proven to boost metabolism, aid in the growth and build-up of muscles, and increase fat burning as more calories are used.” During weight loss, you inevitably lose muscle as well as fat, although the amount depends on several factors. If you don’t exercise at all while restricting calories, you’re likely to lose more muscle mass and experience a decrease in metabolic rate - which will put an end to your effective weight loss plans. Studies show lifting weights is one of the most effective exercise strategies for gaining muscle and increasing metabolic rate. Ms Kubilite continued: “To effectively and quickly lose weight, you recommend mixing both cardio and strength gaining exercises.” DON'T MISSDenise Welch sparks frenzy as she flaunts curves in swimsuit [INSIGHT]High cholesterol: The oil types that can lower levels [EXPLAINER]Diabetes type 2: Five types of pain that signal high blood sugar [ANALYSIS] Limiting consumption of foods high in fibre and proteins can endanger your weight loss plans. While it’s long been a misconception that limiting your carbohydrate intake can help you lose weight, massively restricting the main food groups will leave you feeling hungry, miserable, and much less likely to see your dieting plans through to the end. Ms Kubilute told Express.co.uk: “Eating more foods high in protein and fibre can suppress hunger feelings, increase satiety, speed up metabolism, increase muscle mass, and reduce calorie intake, supporting weight loss. “I suggest you eat diets high in protein and fibre, giving foods such as quinoa, oats, whole grains, chicken, lentils, soy products, and tofu.” When attempting to run a calorie deficit, it may seem logical to skip a meal here and there to help keep the calories down. But Ms Kubilute said it's one of the most common mistakes she’s come across that will actually delay your weight loss. She said: “People think that skipping meals can help them cut down on their calorie intake. “However, avoiding any meal can deprive the body of essential nutrients, increase hunger feelings, trigger cravings for high fat, carb, or sugar foods, slow body metabolism, and delay weight loss.” Ms Kubilite advised maintaining what you eat is the fastest way to shed extra pounds. She continued: “To lose weight quickly, I advise you to eat healthy meals in small portions when hungry and stay hydrated.”