Finding the right shade of white can be a tricky and time-consuming process. For anyone wanting to keep their walls neutral, but appealing to future buyers, there is a particular shade they should opt for. Express.co.uk spoke to Michael Rolland, interiors expert and Managing Director of the online and trade paint retailer The Paint Shed about the most popular paint colours. Michael said: “The most popular colours of paint will always be the most neutral, such as white or magnolia; these colours are chosen for new builds as standard and are the go-to for those looking to sell or rent out a property due to their lack of forced personality. “Greys are also extremely popular. Famous faces such as Mrs Hinch, Ruth and Eamonn Holmes, Joe Wicks and Kylie Jenner have all shown off their grey walls in the past. “Grey gives the desired neutrality most people want but gives more character and warmth to a space. “It is also a shade that benefits from being easily paired with other colours, whether on the walls or through accessorising. “Little Greene’s Inox or Urbane Grey are examples of the lighter and darker shades of grey which are hugely popular.” READ MORE: Grand Designs viewers 'love' £170k ranch-style home in Glasgow  “Over more recent years though, greens have risen in popularity,” the paint expert added. “Sage, olive, moss, emerald and forest green have all become interior favourites, particularly the darker shades for living rooms and the lighter greens for kitchen and dining areas.” When it comes to a homeowner choosing a paint colour with a future sale in mind, Michael said there is a colour they should opt for if they want to appeal to as many buyers as possible. “White is the most popular choice of UK residents for their ‘dream’ home,” he revealed. “However, white - in practice- isn’t to everyone’s taste. “It can have a clinical feel which can make a home feel cold and uninviting. “Those that prefer a neutral palette should instead opt for a warmer tone such as greige, which is warmer than the Mrs Hinch favourite of grey but still more neutral than full on beige. DON'T MISS... Interior: Avoid adding dark wooden accent walls in living rooms [EXPERT]Hydrangeas soil - the soil you need to help your garden plant grow [GUIDE]What do plants need to grow - five essential elements [INSIDER] “Elephant’s Breath by Farrow & Ball is a perfect example of this greige colour.” Michael also suggested sage green, having “boomed during the pandemic” with homeowners keen to “bring nature in”. “This shade is especially popular in kitchens and as an exterior paint. “To summarise, sticking to a neutral colour palette in your interior is your best bet when looking to sell your property, but this doesn’t need to be white, warmer neutrals will help the house feel more like a home and less like a show home.” Michael also gave his advice to anyone considering painting a wall or two. He explained: “Painting seems like an easy enough task - you buy a paint, a roller or brush and get to work. “What a lot of people fail to realise is that if you want a finish you are proud of, the project requires more than just a slap of paint. “Homeowners should always prep their surface; this means giving it a thorough clean with sugar soap or warm water with washing up liquid, being sure to remove any lurking cobwebs in the corners and any dust gathered on the skirting boards. “Next, fix imperfections, nail holes, scratches and dents with an interior wall filler. “Scrape the excess with a scraper until even and leave it to dry. “Once dry, sand until smooth and wipe once more with a clean damp cloth. “This will give you a perfect surface to paint on,” he added. “When painting, start from the top down. “So, if you are painting your ceiling too, start with this. “Use decorator's tape to mark off edges if you are not confident about cutting in. “When you have finished the edge you are painting be sure to remove the tape before the paint is completely dry and at an angle.” The Paint Shed is the UK's most recommended independent paint retailer, with an extensive offering of more than 5,000 product lines available online, plus a number of physical stores in Scotland. It stocks a mixture of trade paint, such as Dulux Trade and Johnstone’s Trade, as well as high-end designer paint brands like Farrow & Ball and Little Greene. Plus, using their advanced colour matching technology and high-spec tinting machines, The Paint Shed can provide your favourite brands of paint in your desired colour. Away from the products though, The Paint Shed shares tips and advice to help the DIY novice complete whatever tasks they challenge themselves with, helping them achieve a result they can be proud of.