Kylian Mbappe has reportedly been left 'disappointed' by Real Madrid over their image rights demands. The Paris Saint-Germain superstar appeared all but set to sign for the Spanish giants upon the expiry of his contract this summer, however it seems a deal has hit a snag over the one specific clause.   Days after the 23-year-old's mother was forced to deny her son had made a Real Madrid U-turn by signing a PSG extension, as was suggested by the French press, uncertainty continues to surround Mbappe's impending move to the Spanish capital. According to El Pais, via BILD, the French forward has been left 'disappointed' by some of the terms Real Madrid are understood to be offering. It is thought Los Blancos tabled Mbappe a fourth mega-money offer in mid-March, however the World Cup winner has reportedly been left unimpressed by the conditions of the proposed contract. The Spanish newspaper claim Real Madrid have offered Mbappe a £154million signing fee, which includes an annual net salary of £34m and a 50 percent stake in image rights. However, it is understood the latter is a stipulation which has irked Mbappe and proven to be a sticking point in negotiations. The Spanish outlet claim the French forward is demanding 100 percent of all income generated by his own image. JUST IN: Jamie Redknapp highlights bad Grealish habit as Man City star laughs off first-season woes Such demands are not in keeping with Real Madrid's usual policy as the 50 percent rule, when it comes to images rights, is a condition which applies to every player currently at the club. It is also believed the newly-crowned La Liga champions feel Mbappe's profile and popularity would only increase upon moving to Madrid as the club consider themselves one of the most marketable forces in world football. However, El Pais claim Mbappe feels otherwise, believing he does not need Real Madrid's name to establish himself as one of the most profitable brands within the sport. At present, the PSG forward is said to earn a staggering £34m per season through sponsorship deals alone, but it is believed this figure could increase to somewhere around £60m in the coming years. DON'T MISS...Jamie Carragher tears into 'idiot' Luke Ayling after shocking tackleArsenal's Nketiah 'too embarrassed to celebrate' after Leeds howlerLA Dodgers' boss Todd Boehly in £4billion Chelsea buyout It is thought PSG may well look to exploit Mbappe's current stand-off with Real Madrid over image rights as they desperately seek to retain one of their prized assets. By contrast, the Ligue 1 giants are thought to be willing to meet Mbappe's demands in order to tempt him to remain in the French capital. The 'disappointing' disagreement over image rights is just the latest twist in one of football's most high-profile and drawn-out transfer sagas. Despite continued speculation surrounding Mbappe's future off the pitch, on it, the French forward has enjoyed yet another stunning season, having struck 35 goals and registered a further 23 assists across 43 appearances this campaign. 