Lester Piggott, who died in Switzerland yesterday at the age of 86, was a man of many contradictions. The public - and the Royal Family - loved him for his brilliance in the saddle, even if they could scarcely understand a word he said in post-race interviews due to a speech impediment. The nation's favourite jockey, he won the Epsom Derby a record nine times and enjoyed 116 Royal Ascot victories. But he also served time in prison for a £3.25million tax fraud. While he was an intensely private man who preferred to let his actions do the talking, he had a great sense of humour and proved charming to the opposite sex, as his colourful love life testified. The phrase "one-off" is often overused, but Lester Piggott was truly unique. For a start, there was his professional longevity. How many sports stars have had a career which began in the 1940s and only ended in the mid-1990s? Piggott rode the first of his staggering 4,493 winners in 1948 at the age of 12, when Clement Attlee was prime minister and the Second WorldWar had been over just three years. His last win was at the age of 59 when John Major was in No 10 and the Channel Tunnel had recently opened for business. The man who lived off a diet of a half-glass of Champagne, small cups of black coffee and three or four large cigars a day enjoyed an incredible five decades competing at the very top of his trade, and even his year behind bars didn't knock him too much off his stride. Nicknamed "the Long Fellow" for his height - at 5ft 8in he was tall for a flat jockey - he quite probably ate more inside prison than he ever did outside of it. His pedigree for becoming the country's greatest jockey was impeccable. As his biographer Julian Wilson put it, Piggott was "born and bred to ride - there was no alternative". Both his racehorse trainer father Keith and paternal grandfather Ernie were successful jockeys over the jumps. His mother, Iris, was a pioneering female rider and both her father and brother were classic-winning riders. Born in Wantage, Berks, in 1935, the young Piggott sat on his first pony at the age of four and, riding for his father, became champion flat apprentice at 14. The boy wonder of the late 1940s won his first Derby on Never Say Die in 1954 when he was still a teenager. The late 1960s and early 1970s were a golden period for Piggott. His association with the racehorse Nijinsky became a racing legend. In 1970, the colt was the first horse in 35 years to win flat racing's prestigious Triple Crown - the 2,000 Guineas, the Derby and the St Leger. No horse has achieved the feat since. The star jockey commanded great respect from his contemporaries. Rival Pat Eddery noted that Piggott's natural reticence helped him. He said: "There are jockeys who love talking. The only way they can get near to him [Piggott] is by telling him about such and such a horse and what it's like to ride." Former amateur rider and friend Sir Rupert Mackeson said: "There was no resentment. Lester was greatly respected and loved by his contemporaries." The jockey Bryn Crossley said: "One of the great sights in racing is to see Lester go before the stewards. He goes in there like Clint Eastwood. And comes out like Clint Eastwood. He doesn't give a damn." In 1986, however, Piggott's refusal to play by anyone else's rules cost him dear when he was arrested and later found guilty of tax evasion and sentenced to three years in prison. He was also stripped of his OBE. It transpired he hadn't declared over £1.3million of income he'd received for his riding and more than £1million from bloodstock operations. Instead, he'd been squirrelling away his money in 17 secret bank accounts in various tax havens. His prosecution constituted the biggest individual tax-dodging case ever brought in Britain. The sentence was reduced to a year and, in 1990, he sensationally returned to racing. Shortly before turning 55 he rode his most valuable winner ever, when he piloted Royal Academy to victory in America's Breeder's Cup. Piggott had married Susan Armstrong, daughter of a leading Newmarket trainer, in 1960, and the couple had two daughters. He also had a son, Jamie, with Anna Ludlow, whom he later left. He spent his later years living in Switzerland with his new partner Lady Barbara Fitzgerald, who had left her husband Lord John Fitzgerald to be with him. Last October, Piggott was the first human inductee in a new racing hall of fame at Ascot. There will never be another like him.