The monarchy is the oldest form of government in the United Kingdom. The Royal Family is celebrating a major year in 2022 as the Queen marks her Platinum Jubilee. Despite this major milestone, royal author Tina Brown claims the monarchy is at its "most fragile" for the past decade after a whole host of scandals to surround the institution in recent years. Speaking on US show Firing Line, host Margaret Hoover asked Ms Brown to "assess the state of the monarchy". Ms Brown replied: "Perilous. "It's in a perilous. fragile moment". She continued: "The Queen is in a glide path obviously, to the last days of her reign. "We've had buffeting and tarnishing by Prince Andrew, who, of course, was essentially cancelled for his scandalous conduct. READ MORE: 'What she would know?!' Meghan Markle savaged after grandstanding over working mothers "We have Harry and Meghan who have left the fold, and it's fragile right now". She added that she thinks "it's going to emerge" as "it's a thousand-year-old institution that has braved a lot". Ms Brown added: "I think Prince Charles actually, although there's quite a lot of pessimism, really, about him taking over, I actually think he's going to be a steady force. "He's interests and his passions, which for many years were sort of mocked, have turned out to be very prescient". READ MORE: Miss Great Britain discovers surprising family connection to Princess Diana The Queen's second son Prince Andrew and her grandson Prince Harry no longer officially work on her behalf. Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle decided to step down as senior working royals in 2020. On January 8, 2020, the couple made their official announcement, via Instagram, declaring that they were going to "work to become financially independent". They claimed that their decision had come "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". Earlier this year, Andrew settled a sexual assault case filed against him by Virginia Giuffre. DON'T MISS Virginia claimed Prince Andrew sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17, allegations he has repeatedly denied. The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, to celebrate her 70-year reign, are taking place next month. It has been confirmed that Harry and Meghan, and their two young children, will be in attendance.