The Last Kingdom continues to be a huge hit on Netflix despite the series coming to an end after season five. The Anglo-Saxon drama has accrued a huge fanbase over the years, with viewers keen to see what is in store for the characters. Aelswith actress Eliza Butterworth explained why she is unable to take part in the feature-length film, Seven Kings Must Die. Fans were thrilled to hear Uhtred's (played by Alexander Dreymon) story was not over just yet, as he will be making a comeback in Seven Kings Must Die. The Netflix film, which is being treated as a standalone story, will see the main protagonist's journey wrap up in a satisfying swansong for the franchise. Filming for the two-hour movie came to an end in March 2022, with the full cast list yet to be announced. But actress Butterworth dispelled rumours she would be making a comeback as the feisty character Aelswith. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr star teases spin-off She said previously: “I have to say, I have had a conflict of scheduling. “So, I was meant to be in the film and it gutted me because I got another job which is the one I’m currently on now. “I’m working in Tenerife and that was the scheduling conflict. So I am unfortunately not in the film. “We tried everything, it was so hard,” she told The Screen Chronicles podcast. “I know they tried everything to get scheduling to work but, again, due to Covid and flying… the film of The Last Kingdom takes place in Budapest. “And where I currently am now in Tenerife, they were just so worried about things happening.” The star became a fan-favourite in the final season of The Last Kingdom, as her character experienced one of the biggest personality changes of the series. She transformed from an uptight character to someone who was able to empathise with those suffering around her. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom's Sigtryggr details axed scene [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth pays tribute to co-star [DISCUSSION] The Last Kingdom exit: Why did Charlie Murphy leave as Iseult? [EXPLAINER] Aelswith was responsible for some of the best quips and one-liners the final season had to offer. With this in mind, fans were heartbroken to hear she was unable to return for the film due to scheduling conflicts. Her latest project is A Town Called Malice for Sky, a crime thriller set amongst the beach clubs and palm trees of the Costa del Sol in the early 80s. Butterworth will play the character Carly Lord in the eight-part series. The actress is on Instagram and she shared some updates from filming the upcoming drama. She shared a series of snaps of herself in a leopard-print bikini, including one taken after a swimming pool scene. She said: "Bikini Bubba, on set filming A Town Called Malice in Tenerife!! "Glamour meets reality in picture 3. Unbelievable 1980’s costume realness by the sensational @mollyemmarowe." The actress has been living in Tenerife during filming and has fallen in love with the Spanish island. Viewers have supported the star in her latest venture and wish her well for the future post-Aelswith.  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now. The film Seven Kings Must Die is in production for Netflix.