After their Premier League safety was confirmed on Thursday night, Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp took time to send rivals Everton a message while looking ahead to Sunday's crunch final day. The Reds will hope to enjoy similar jubilation after their clash with Wolves at Anfield, with the league title in touching distance. Everton were destined to be dragged into a three-way relegation scrap with Burnley and Leeds United on the final day as they trailed Crystal Palace 2-0 at half-time at Goodison Park. But second-half goals from Michael Keane, Richarlison and Dominic Calvert-Lewin completed a memorable comeback to spark bedlam in the stands. Ahead of Sunday's campaign climax, Klopp made sure to acknowledge Everton's achievement during his press conference. And he suggested that he expects Wolves to visit Anfield with the same attacking mentality as Palace showcased at Goodison. He said: "Congratulations, by the way, to Everton for staying in the league. But Crystal Palace last night are a good example that everyone plays to win. Wolves will come here and want to win. They don't just want to be part of our celebrations." JUST IN: Paul Pogba worried about playing for Man Utd against Crystal Palace It's unlikely that Klopp and Liverpool will receive similar support from Frank Lampard and Everton ahead of a Premier League title-deciding day this weekend. The Reds could lift the third piece of an unprecedented quadruple if results go their way. Klopp's side must first ensure they conclude their league season with a win at Anfield against a Wolves team always capable of springing a surprise. But they also must rely on Aston Villa, led by club icon Steven Gerrard, to take points off Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. READ MORE: Diogo Dalot 'told Erik ten Hag decision' in Man Utd full-back plans Such an outcome would go down in history as one of the biggest stories ever to unfold on the final day, as unlikely as it may seem. And it would shift Liverpool ever closer to achieving what will comfortably be one of Everton and Manchester United fans' deepest fears. Regardless of Sunday's events, Liverpool will travel to Paris next week to compete for their seventh Champions League crown against the competition's record winners, Real Madrid. Klopp has guided the Reds to three finals in the last five years, winning their last in 2019, and will hope to secure vengeance after Real's 2018 success in Kyiv. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.