Emma Raducanu has revealed she hit the gym after her latest injury setback as she declared herself fit for her French Open debut. The US Open champion was forced to pull out of her last match at the Rome Masters with a lower back problem. The Bromley teenager has suffered a string of physical ailments since her New York success after contracting Covid in December and then suffering from blisters and hip and back problems. The No.12 seed admitted her appearance at the claycourt Grand Slam had been “definitely thrown into question” after pulling out against fellow US Open champion Bianca Andreescu in the Italian capital. But speaking in her pre-tournament press conference at Roland Garros, Raducanu said: “I'm learning about my body, for sure, but I'm very happy to be continuing my preparations for the French Open and to be able to play this tournament and fortunately I didn't have to miss this Grand Slam.  "There was doubt afterwards. Last week after Rome, I definitely had to slow down that week, but this week I have, yeah, I have been training and luckily being able to practise all of the shots I have been preparing as normal the last few days.” Raducanu said she has been working with her physios Will Herbert and Tom Cornish to devise a new training regime to avoid future injuries. “I am putting together something like just figuring out what works physically, because that is obviously an element of my game that needs to be looked at,” she said. “I think it's been really positive and the last few days, maybe after the back, I have definitely been increasing my gym work and I have been doing a lot more in the gym, and it gives me confidence to be able to do that stuff and train, leading up to a tournament.  "I have been trying to fire up those muscles. I'm really looking forward and motivated to keep doing that.” Raducanu, who won one match at the 2018 junior French Open here, is 5-4 on clay this season. “I have definitely learnt that I can kind of adapt to this surface much faster than I probably thought, and, you know, about how to stay in the point and I think my movement on defence has also improved a bit,” said the British No.1. “Just when to play with spin and when to actually hit it hard. You don't have to always just grind it out. Sometimes you can put your hard court game on a clay court, as well. It's just finding the balance. I think that clay definitely teaches you that.” Raducanu will learn the identity of her first round opponent later today after drawing a qualifier.