Naga Munchetty, 47, was noticeably absent from today's show as well as Thursday's edition of BBC Breakfast which sparked concern online. The broadcaster regularly sits alongside Charlie Stayt during the latter part of the week. The BBC presenter took to Twitter and addressed her absence from the daily news programme. It comes after she was quizzed about her absence on the micro-blogging site yesterday. A social media user shared their concern after Naga was missing from her regular slot on the red sofa. Twitter user, Joseph William Walton, quizzed: "Morning Naga are you not well lady or having a day off the sofa?" READ MORE: Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers undergoes chemotherapy amid illness In view of her 270,000 Twitter followers, Naga assured him she was doing well but was busy working on the local elections. She replied: "All well thanks. I'll be with @ChrisMasonBBC tonight from 11pm-6am @bbc5live @BBCRadio4 for election coverage X." The BBC Breakfast presenter went on to explain she worked through the night as she shared an update on the platform today. Naga penned: "That's done. Fabulous night on radio with @ChrisMasonBBC #Election2022. An amazing team made sure we got the key results to air. Now for a bit of sleep - See you @BBCBreakfast tomorrow with the rest of the results."  The broadcaster was inundated with messages as viewers urged her to get some rest after working through the night. Peter Ellis commented: "Sleep tight young lady, good weather for golf this weekend." Kevin Rowley remarked: "I hope you have a good day." Trish Brown praised: "Well done." DON'T MISS... Britney Spears, 40, sparks frenzy as she goes completely NAKED[LATEST]Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers undergoes chemotherapy amid illness[HEALTH]Alex Jones dismayed as son, 3, taken to hospital for operation[INSTAGRAM] As the local elections get underway and energy prices continue to rise, Charlie and Victoria Derbyshire, who stepped in to replace Naga on Breakfast, were on hand to keep viewers up to date. Her appointment on the sofa had fans questioning if she may be tipped to replace Dan Walker on the programme. Dan, who hosts the morning show from Monday to Wednesday, announced last month he would be moving to Channel 5. The presenter has since confirmed he has just two weeks left at the BBC before his move to the rival broadcaster. Dan confirmed his exit in April telling BBC fans: “In the next few weeks, I will be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 News and to Channel 5. “I'm really excited but this has also been a massive decision for me because I love BBC Breakfast, I love working alongside Sally and I love the team there. “But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait.” Twitter user, Johnnie commented: "Victoria Derbyshire is an excellent presenter. Would love to see her on more." Vicky Paul echoed a similar sentiment, adding: "Victoria Derbyshire on the BBC Breakfast sofa. That really should be a permanent change." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am. 