With the property market still booming across the country, many homeowners are looking for ways to boost the value of their homes before they put them on the market. Certain features in a home can add thousands to the price tag of a home, while others can do the opposite. An interior expert had shared how a coat of paint could make or break a house sale. Aaron Markwell, Colour Guru at COAT Paints explained exclusively to Express.co.uk that when it comes to boosting property value paint can be essential. He said: “A coat of paint is all you need to change the feel of a room, make sure your walls are neutral so people can see the potential of a room so they can put their own stamp on it. “As well as the fact they can move straight in without having to ‘live’ with a colour or wallpaper they don’t like. “Opt for neutrals to open up a space and make it look bigger with a modern feel, that's still warm. READ MORE: How to get a ‘smooth’ and ‘consistent finish’ when painting ceilings However, it is important to note that when homeowners are painting the rooms in their homes it is best to opt for a “smooth finish” on the walls and ceilings. If homeowners opt for textures walls or ceilings it could be a “turn off”. Aaron explained: “Textured walls and ceilings particularly in bedrooms and lounges are a turn off. “Buyers prefer smooth walls and ceilings rather than bumpy textures. “It screams dated, makes people think that they have more work to do and also can be a little unnerving as to what’s underneath.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [TIPS]Pests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to ‘eliminate yellow stains’ from pillows ‘with ease’ [INSIGHT] Something so simple as a “coat of paint” can even “completely change” the look of a kitchen according to Aaron. He said: “In a kitchen, updating cabinetry can completely change the look of your kitchen with just a coat of paint. “You can completely transform your kitchen vibe with a harmonising deeper colour on the doors to match your wall colour. “For greyer homes, try a striking charcoal blue. “If you're more on the beige side of neutral, go for a natural, deep olive green.” Light and neutral coloured walls is what appeals to most buyers, according to experts. Therefore, those who have dark coloured walls are encouraged to paint over them if they are looking to boost their property value. Aaron said: “If you have a wall colour that is dark or potentially difficult to paint over (e.g. deep yellow or red), potential buyers might be put off. “So grab a white water-based paint, dilute it with water 50/50 and paint over the dark colour. “Then add two to three coats of a neutral colour and you’re good to go.” This should work well to override the dark coloured paint that sits underneath. The interior expert also suggested that homeowners “make the most of a spare room”. He said: “In recent years we’ve been creating spaces in our homes that we spend a lot of time in for work. “Office spaces are most restful in green tones, as your eyes don't have to make adjustments to look at it. “If your property is in more beigey neutrals, choose a yellow based green. “If your house has greyer schemes try a greyed mid-green that feels neutral, natural and nurturing.”