Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen, 47, often takes to Twitter and shares updates about her family life living on Ravenseat Farm. The Channel 5 star took to the micro-blogging site yesterday and revealed three of her young sons came to her rescue after her truck broke down. The news comes after the Yorkshire star was questioned about her three son's absence from her social media updates. The on-screen star shares nine children with her husband Clive including Raven, 20, Reuben, 19, Miles, 15, Edith, 12, Violet, 10, Sidney, nine, Anna, seven, Clemmy, five and Nancy, four. The person in question asked why she rarely shares pictures with her three boys Reuben, Miles and Sidney. Twitter user, Burhan asked: "Where are the boys?  There are always girls and lambs." READ MORE: Gogglebox's Jenny Newby taken to hospital for operation Amanda took the opportunity to respond, in view of her 195,000 followers. She admitted her boys are often the ones who save her during an emergency, as she shared a photo of her truck being stuck in a ditch. The on-screen star revealed she was "stranded" and her sons were able to get a tractor to help pull the vehicle out of the field. Amanda wrote: "The lads turn out when I’ve messed up mechanically. If bogged, broken down or stranded then they’re there."  She accompanied the post with a series of pictures alongside Miles and Sidney. Fans flocked to comment on the post, as they praised the family dynamic. Twitter user, Liam wrote: "The whole tribe are very grounded, a credit to you Amanda, they let nothing overwhelm them, taking everything in their stride…What role models for so many other families!" Jacquie Rvie commented: "What a credit to you and Clive your children are. Such a together family. Heartwarming." DON'T MISS... Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain[LATEST]Piers Morgan left 'sad' over Dennis Waterman amid candid chat[TRIBUTES]Brooklyn Beckham and wife Nicola put on a loved up display[PICTURES] John Jackson shared: "You’ve raised them all up to be that way. Very impressed." Stuart Curran added: "They are a great credit to you and hubby but most of all to themselves." Amanda leads a busy life, constantly working on Ravenseat's 2,000 acres as well as having 1,000 sheep to contend with. The shepherdess revealed she has no future plans to expand her brood. Writing in Adventures of the Yorkshire Shepherdess, she said: "I think I’m too old to have a tenth child. I don’t know, wait and see. "There was never any family planning, so who knows? Don’t let anyone tell you what you can’t do. "People are quick to say to a mum of nine, ‘You can’t do this, you can’t do that’... For some people, motherhood is always the way — they’ve got that broody feeling in them." Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5  