Express.co.uk understands that senior members of the Conservative Party are concerned about the formation of a “Remainer alliance” between Labour, the Liberal Democrats and the Scottish National Party (SNP). Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been warned he needs to prioritise Brexit to prevent being ambushed at the next election. One source said: "The fact is that part of the motivation of the whole Partygate scandal was to get rid of Boris, because Rejoiners think that if you depose Boris you destroy Brexit. "But we have also seen evidence of a Rejoiner alliance forming particularly with Labour and the Lib Dems which if it succeeds at the next election could see Brexit reversed." As a result, Express.co.uk readers were asked whether they viewed a Rejoiner alliance as a threat. In a poll that ran from 11am on Thursday, May 26, to midday on Monday, May 30, Express.co.uk asked: “Is the Rejoiner alliance a threat to Brexit?” In total, 2,638 people responded with the majority – 71 percent (1,868 people) – answering “yes, the Rejoiner alliance is a threat to Brexit. Meanwhile, 28 percent (745 people) said “no” and just one percent (25 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article in a lively debate. One reader, username NWO3 said: “Yes, it is a plot to undermine Brexit!” Username JL77 wrote: “Certainly a threat to democracy and this country.” Likewise, username Fedupwithliberalism said: “They are a threat to democracy!” Others agreed that a Remainer alliance would threaten Brexit like username Marmite72 who commented: “The rejoiners will try any means to take the UK back into the EU.” Username Retiree 2021 said: “Of course it is and we the electorate will have no say in it.” And username Di4 wrote: “If they are a threat to Brexit, it will be a vote loser.” Conservatives claim a Rejoiner alliance is evident in the upcoming Tiverton and Honiton by-election, following ​​former Tory MP Neil Parish’s resignation. There were also suggestions of an alliance between Labour and the Lib Dems in the recent local elections on May 5. Some Conservatives suggest the two parties are running an unofficial agreement to not campaign in certain seats and areas. Tory Chairman Oliver Dowden accused the parties of attempting to oust his party’s councillors by working together in the run-up to the local elections earlier this month. DON'T MISSBoris Johnson is a 'warrior!' Russian dissident hails PM over 'EU muppets' [LATEST]Brexit POLL: Has Boris Johnson failed to deliver your expectations of Brexit? [VOTE]EU Brexit chief heads to Berlin for desperate talks as bitter Scholz blocks UK demands [UPDATE] Such claims have been denied by Labour which insists no alliance exists, however, with Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer telling Sky News earlier this month: “There is no pact, everybody knows there is no pact.” But Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey admitted to allowing Labour a clear run for some seats after he said it was “rational” to stand down in some areas where Labour was more likely to succeed. However, some readers thought that such Remainer alliance could actually be beneficial to Brexit, like username ##, who said: “A coalition government composed of the current opposition parties might actually make Brexit better as it will lead to improved relationships with the EU.” Another, username JohnJohnson5, said: “No, but a BETTER deal would be negotiated, that I am sure of!”