McDonald's has announced a new change to the check out process in 800 sites across the UK. This will predominantly affect consumers who purchase their McDonald's food with cash. There are reportedly 1,358 McDonald's locations in the UK as of March this year. A whopping 800 of these will see a change that it said to affect cash-paying customers. Instead of having a counter specifically for ordering food, McDonald’s will provide specific areas for different sales channels. Cash users will purchase their food via customer experience pods, fitted with a till. READ MORE: Royal recipe: Queen’s favourite meal made with ‘lashings of cream  They will also have a large collection window. The change will be made to 200 stores this year. This is part of a £250million Convenience of the Future upgrade programme. Three restaurants have already been upgraded in Bow, East London, Peckham, South London, and Kirkby, Merseyside. Over the next four years, McDonald's is set to refurbish a further 600 stores. But what's with the new layout? McDonald's revealed that 50 percent of their fast food lovers now order from touch screens in stores, or through its free app. The aim of the new layout and its specific areas for different sales channels is that fewer people will need to queue around touch screens.  Ultimately, this should speed up the process between customers ordering and receiving their food. The fast food giant, which is one of the largest employers in the UK, confirmed that this change would not result in any job losses. And this is not the only change McDonald's is set to make. The giant will make several provisions when it comes to efficiency and output. A separate waiting area and entrance for delivery couriers picking up home delivery orders will be created. McDonald's is also planning to improve the layout of its car parks to make pick up hassle free for drive-thru customers. Additionally, there will be bigger kitchens and separate areas for delivery and dine-in orders. Gareth Pearson, McDonald's UK and Ireland chief operations office referred to the change of pace in the restaurant industry as "relentless". This was only compounded by the affects of the pandemic, which "digital adoption gathering greater place" due to Covid restrictions. He continued that he wanted to provide the best environment for staff so that the chain could ensure their customers have options when it comes to ordering and collection.