Liverpool will be looking to keep their slim quadruple hopes alive when they travel to Aston Villa for a crucial Premier League showdown on Tuesday night. The Reds fell three points behind leaders Manchester City at the weekend after they were held to a 1-1 draw by Tottenham. The Reds will more than likely need to win all three of their remaining top flight matches to have any chance of snatching the title away from the Citizens. And Express Sport takes a look at the line-up Jurgen Klopp could name at Villa Park. Goalkeeper – Alisson Liverpool have looked rock solid at the back this season, with goalkeeper Alisson racking-up a remarkable 26 clean sheets. And the Brazil international will once again line-up between the posts against the Villans. Defence – Alexander-Arnold, Konate, Van Dijk, Robertson Klopp will be reluctant to rotate too much in his side’s final five matches with so much at stake and could name the same defence that played against Spurs. Trent Alexander-Arnold and Andy Robertson have contributed a staggering 33 assists between them this season and could be tasked to provide the Reds attack with the service they need. Meanwhile, Ibrahima Konate could partner Virgil van Dijk at the heart of the back four. READ MORE: Darwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'  Midfield – Fabinho, Thiago, Keita Liverpool midfielders have racked-up the kilometres this season and will be asked to put another shift in against Steven Gerrard’s side. Fabinho has made a huge impact throughout the campaign and could be asked to protect the Reds defence and break up Villa’s attacks in the west Midlands. Meanwhile, Thiago could be handed another start at the heart of the side after enjoying a much-improved campaign at Anfield. And Naby Keita could come back into the side to give Jordan Henderson a well-earned rest. Keita and Henderson have shared the minutes this season, with the latter stating his team’s last two Premier League matches. DON'T MISSMan Utd told to replace 15 players as Erik ten Hag 'won't want any of them' [QUOTES]Erling Haaland to Man City transfer now a 'done deal' with confirmation set for this week [GOSSIP]Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away [TRANSFERS]    Forwards – Salah, Jota, Mane Klopp is likely to mix things up in attack and could recall Diogo Jota to the side after he was benched for the clash with Tottenham. Jota has bagged an incredible 21 goals this season but has seen his minutes reduced following the January capture of Luis Diaz. Diaz could be the man to miss out on a place in the team, despite scoring against Spurs, with Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane flanking Jota. And Klopp will be confident his side will be able to do the business against a team that have won just two of their last seven top flight matches. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 