Tensions in Northern Ireland have worsened over the functioning of the Protocol agreed upon between the UK and EU under the terms of the Brexit treaty. Mr Bryson would like to see the British Government take tougher action against the Protocol despite protests from the European Union and Dublin. He has warned that the Protocol could see achieve Northern Ireland's constitutional separation from the rest of the United Kingdom, something that the tried and failed to do Irish Republican Army over a decades-long campaign of terror. Mr Byrson told Express.co.uk: "I mean it's absolutely disgraceful. "Look at all those Conservative MPs who lost their lives to the IRA, I think of Airey Neave, the Brighton bomb. "How would those people feel the to see what the Conservative Government is now doing to Northern Ireland? "What the Conservative Government is doing to Northern Ireland is what the IRA couldn't do in 30 years of terrorism, and with their complicity by their silence and by their inaction of the British Parliament are doing via the Northern Ireland Protocol." He added: 'So it's an extraordinary situation, and it is an extraordinarily dangerous situation." On Friday, DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson has said he is sending a "clear message" to the EU and the UK Government about resolving issues with the Northern Ireland Protocol. His party, the main unionist faction in Northern Ireland, is set to block the election of a new speaker at the Stormont Assembly, which would leave the devolved legislature unable to function. The new 90 MLAs met for the first time in the Stormont chamber on Friday after last week's Northern Ireland Assembly election saw Sinn Fein emerge as the largest party for the first time.   The first order of business was for MLAs to sign the roll of membership, before the sitting was suspended for lunch. The DUP has also said that it will not nominate for the position of deputy first minister, which will prevent the forming of a new executive, as part of its protest against the protocol. Unionists oppose the post-Brexit treaty because of the economic barriers it creates between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. Sinn Fein Stormont leader Michelle O'Neill described the DUP move as "disgraceful" and Alliance leader Naomi Long said it was "incredibly frustrating". DON'T MISS The best way to beat obesity and poverty is in the kitchen, say MPs [REVEAL] Have your say: Should Britain cave to EU's trade deal threat or walk? [REACT] Liz Truss urged to rip up Northern Ireland protocol [INSIGHT]  Speaking shortly before the plenary session began, Sir Jeffrey said: "I am here with my Assembly team today for the first sitting of the Assembly. "My members will be signing the roll and taking their seats for the first time. "As I have made clear this morning we have taken the decision not at this stage to support the election of a speaker. "I believe that we need to send a very clear message to the European Union and to our Government that we are serious about getting this protocol sorted out."