Alexandra Roach, 34, has spoken about the show she was starring in, Viewpoint, being cancelled. The show came to an end in April 2021 with the final episode being cancelled by ITV amid the sexual harassment allegations against lead star Noel Clarke. Noel has "vehemently" denied allegations of sexual misconduct after 20 women accused him of harassment and bullying. Four previous episodes of the thriller had been shown prior to the allegations being made. The five-episode series was on air throughout the week, but the cancellation of the final episode meant fans were left in the dark about what happened next in the drama. Alexandra starred in ITV drama Viewpoint with Noel, who was accused of inappropriate behaviour on past sets in April 2021. Due to these allegations, ITV decided not to air the final episode of the series. The Met Police decided not to launch a criminal probe last month, as they concluded the accusations made against Noel did not “meet the threshold” for a police probe. READ MORE: Piers Morgan claims Eurovision is 'rigged farce' after Ukraine win Speaking in a new interview, Alexandra said: “Yes, it was sad for everybody that worked on it.” She explained: “We worked hard on it for six months, and we really believed in the project. “But we have to see the bigger picture here and I’ve had some time to process all of it. The 34-year-old added: “I feel really passionate about how women are treated, in general – but especially in my industry. I’m so heartened that women are now speaking out. “I’m really hopeful that their bravery will bring about real change." At the time, an ITV spokesperson said: “ITV has a zero tolerance policy to bullying, harassment and victimisation and robust procedures in place to investigate and deal with any complaints. We strongly believe that everyone deserves to work in a supportive and safe environment. “In light of the very serious nature of the allegations against Noel Clarke raised by 20 women in the Guardian’s report, ITV has decided it is no longer appropriate to broadcast the final episode of the drama Viewpoint on ITV main channel this evening. “We are mindful that some of our viewers have already invested four hours of their time over the past four nights in following this thriller which was due to conclude this evening, and they have yet to see the final episode. “As such we plan to make it available on ITV Hub tonight for a limited time for any viewers who wish to seek it out, and watch its conclusion," they ended their statement. DON'T MISS:Jane McDonald sobbed in restaurant amid late fiancé's gesture [INSIGHT]Millie Bobby Brown looks unrecognisable at Stranger Things premiere [PICTURES]Michael Douglas' son Cameron made emotional confession on family [CONFESSION] Last year, Clarke "vehemently" denied allegations of sexual misconduct after 20 women accused him of harassment and bullying. At the time, the actor released a statement which said: "I vehemently deny any sexual misconduct or criminal wrongdoing. "Recent reports however have made it clear to me that some of my actions have affected people in ways I did not intend or realise." "To those individuals, I am deeply sorry. I will be seeking professional help to educate myself and change for the better," he added. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Noel and ITV for comment. Alexandra also has an upcoming project with actresses Susan Wokoma and Daisy May Cooper. The trio went to Rada together. When asked if they were star pupils at the prestigious drama school, Alexandra told Radio Times: “Rada was pushing us to be serious theatre actors.” “The three of us from the off knew we wanted to do funny telly. “I’m so grateful that I had people around me that could have a laugh, because it could get serious very quickly. “We all had to be animals for one project, and to do it with those two was just ridiculous. “Daisy was a meerkat, and Susie and I were pandas. We couldn’t even catch each other’s eye. It was a magic time.” Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times - out now.