Dan Walker, 45, left fans surprised earlier this year as he announced his departure from BBC Breakfast after six years. Today, he appeared on the show for the last time before joining Channel 5 News later this month. In light of Dan’s farewell to the BBC, TalkTV star Piers Morgan, 57, sent him a message congratulating him on Twitter. However, the post seemed to have left Dan dumbstruck, as Piers proclaimed the “end of an error”. Sharing a picture of Dan, Piers wrote: “End of an error. Congrats mate @mrdanwalker,” alongside two clapping emojis. Confused, Dan replied: “Thanks… I think,” along with a laughing emoji. Other Twitter users shared their theories as to what Piers meant with his cryptic message. The_gay_geek70 quipped: “End of an ‘error’ ? A mistake? What? “Thank goodness you don't do that print journalism eh? Oh... wait…” Thegreenster said: “I think American pronunciation of ‘era’ sounds like ‘error’. “It was a Dad joke my Dad always used. Harmless fun I think.” Boodie71 typed: “No drama or ‘error’ needing to be pointed out here, this is all just part of their bromance.” Dan has been waking up the nation since 2016 and has sat alongside Louise Minchin, Naga Munchetty and Sally Nugent on the red sofa. On his last instalment today, Dan said goodbye to the BBC Breakfast team and broke a "rule of a lifetime" as he reunited with Louise Minchin. DON'T MISS...Coleen Rooney is 'different mother and wife' after her famous tweet [INSIGHT]Sir Ian McKellen brands Jake Daniels a ‘hero’ after coming out [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [INSTAGRAM] Sally said: "There were a couple of surprises in there that you didn't know about. "There is one very special person, though, that you have shared this sofa with more than anyone else over the last few years. "And she is here, morning, Louise Minchin, here she is!" Louise ran out from behind the camera and asked Dan: "Are we going to break the rule of a lifetime?" before embracing him in a hug. Dan laughed: "Let's hug it out, it's lovely to see you." Sitting down to speak about Dan as a colleague, Louise said: "I say break the habits of a lifetime because of all the years we sat next to each other we never touched, did we! "If we did, it was super awkward, but it is an absolute pleasure to be here, and I know lots of people watching will be very sad you are leaving. "You have touched the hearts of the nation over the last six years, and I know people have loved watching you, I loved working with you."