Vladimir Putin's Chechen ally Ramzan Kadyrov has lashed out at Poland's support for Ukraine in a bizarre rant to his followers on social media. Kadyrov, who has sent fighters to take part in Russia's invasion, threatened the Polish Government directly over the "weapons and mercenaries" Poland has been helping funnel across the border to take on Putin's troops. The strongman warned Warsaw "we won't just ignore it!" Kadyrov announced to followers during a live stream: "The issue of Ukraine is closed. "I'm interested in Poland. "Poland, what is it trying to achieve? "After Ukraine, if we're given the command in six seconds, we'll show you what we're capable of." 'You should better take back your weapons and your mercenaries and beg official forgiveness for what you did to our ambassador," continued the Chechen warlord. "We won't just ignore it. "Bear that in mind!" It comes as at least four civilians were killed and several wounded in Russian shelling of the city of Kharkiv in northeastern Ukraine on Thursday, local authorities said. "The occupiers are shelling the regional centre again," Kharkiv region Governor Oleh Synehubov wrote on the Telegram messaging app, urging residents to go to shelters. Kharkiv, Ukraine's second-biggest city, had been relatively quiet in recent days as Ukrainian forces regained territory around it and pushed back Russian troops. The city restarted its metro service on Tuesday and asked the hundreds of people who had used the underground as a bomb shelter to free up the train carriages. While a senior Ukrainian military official conceded at a briefing on Thursday that Russia had the upper hand in fighting in Ukraine's eastern Luhansk region at present. DON'T MISSRussia tank flees as Ukrainian forces give chase in gripping footage [INSIGHT]Russian diplomat 'resigns' over Putin's war [ANALYSIS]Morgan Freeman banned from Russia along with nearly 1,000 Americans [INSIGHT]  "Russia has the advantage, but we are doing everything we can," General Oleksiy Gromov said. Gromov also said Ukraine had observed Russia moving Iskander missile systems to Belarus' western Brest region, which Gromov said raised the possibility of new missile strikes on west Ukraine. On Thursday, Ukraine's richest man says he plans to sue Russia over what he said was $17 billon to $20 billion in losses caused by its bombardment of steel plants he owns in the devastated city of Mariupol. The Azovstal steelworks suffered heavy damage from Russian bombing and shelling after the sprawling plant became the last bastion of defence in the southern port city. The Illich Steel and Iron Works, also owned by Rinat Akhmetov, was also badly damaged during Russian shelling of Mariupol. 