Prince Charles was four-years-old when he became the heir to the throne. Speaking on the latest episode of The Royal Beat, The Sun's former royal editor, Duncan Larcombe discussed the future king and the job he has been "preparing for" since he was very young. Mr Larcombe said: "It's perhaps a sign that when people are talking now [that] William should take over than Charles, he'll make a better king. "Well, frankly, one of the assets we don't realise we have here, because we've had the Queen for a long time, we've had Prince Charles since the age of four, preparing for the job that it seems soon he's going to be doing. "That tour [Charles and Camilla's Canada tour] will show the Queen and show us that he's up for it." As the eldest child of the Queen and Prince Philip, Charles automatically becomes the next in line to the throne. READ MORE: 'Divisive' Meghan and Harry brace for backlash from 'thousands' of royal super-fans Earlier this month, due to the Queen's absence, Prince Charles represented his mother at the State Opening of Parliament event. The event took place on May 10 and marked the formal start of the parliamentary year. On the day, Charles took over the role of reading out the Queen's Speech. The speech was read in the House of Lords chamber by the Prince of Wales. READ MORE: 'Disgraceful!' Republicans slammed for 'hurtful' anti-Queen posters ahead of Jubilee Speaking at the time of the State Opening of Parliament, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams believes this is just the latest in a long and gradual series of transfers of duties from the Queen to Prince Charles. Mr Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "The Opening of Parliament is symbolically a highly significant occasion that the Queen has not missed in nearly 60 years. "Since she has not attended many public events since October and considering the physicality involved in this, as she is suffering from 'episodic mobility problems' her absence is not surprising." DON'T MISS Kate, William, Sophie and Edward step in for Queen in appearance TODAY [REVEAL] Plan to 'sing Sweet Caroline at street parties' faces fan backlash [INSIGHT] Prince William thought Meghan's visions were 'too political' [SPOTLIGHT] Earlier this month, Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall embarked on a short three-day tour of Canada as part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Without amending Canada’s Constitution, Prince Charles will automatically succeed the Queen as Canada’s head of state.