Sir Michael Morpurgo, former Children’s Laureate and writer of around 130 books, was asked by Buckingham Palace to write a special children’s book to commemorate Her Majesty’s 70-year Platinum Jubilee. Speaking to the Telegraph, detailing his relationship with Queen Elizabeth II, from meeting her as a 16-year-old as an Army cadet, to later reconnecting when she “crept in” to watch the National Theatre production of Warhorse in 2009, Mr Morpurgo warned that the Royal Family have “become a show”, adding that this was “dangerous as well as interesting”. The Royal Family’s role in modern life has become a subject of fierce discussion due to a series of recent controversies, including Prince Andrew facing a civil lawsuit for sexual assault allegations, which he denied and settled out of court without admission of liability. William and Kate also faced a PR nightmare during their tour of the Caribbean. However, the estranged Duke and Duchess of Sussex may have been the focus of Mr Morpurgo’s words. Tensions have been rising over the possibility of Harry and Meghan using the Jubilee as an opportunity to promote their Netflix series. Royal expert Russell Myers believes the Queen has a "ring of steel" type cordon in place to prevent any attempts by the Sussexes to include the monarch in footage as part of their $100million (£72million) Netflix deal. However, it is uncertain if palace aides will attempt to block Netflix cameras from filming the Sussexes at their first family home Frogmore Cottage, which is reportedly where Meghan and Harry will be staying during their time in the UK. A consultant for the streaming service said pressure is growing on the couple for ­exclusive royal footage and filming at the property provides “exclusive, unique material”. A US consultant for Netflix said: “The Jubilee is the biggest gathering of UK royals in years and means that Harry and Meghan will be around everyone. “Away from the public presentation of unity between the brands, the chiefs want exclusive footage and their dream is to have insights in that royal world never seen before.” Speaking to the Telegraph, Sir Michael said: “They’ve [the Royals] become a show and that’s dangerous as well as interesting. “It allows us to get closer [to them], but it’s also dangerous if it becomes too much of a show. “The trouble is, we’ve all had what we imagine to be a sort of image of how it is to live in that world, through The Crown. “We all feel we know these people. Well we don’t!” READ MORE: David Jason admitted 'disappointment' over being knighted by Queen [REVEAL] By contrast, Sir Michael was full of praise for the “remarkable” Queen, focusing on her dedication to working “for the people”. He said: “You don’t have to approve of the monarchy. “It’s not about the monarchy, it’s about this remarkable woman. “Didn’t she say when she came to the throne that she was going to serve the people to the best of her ability? Well, how often do people do what they say? “There’s no doubt she has worked her socks off for her family, but mostly for the people. She takes the responsibility very, very seriously. “She made a promise and she’s kept to that promise and I find that remarkable. So when she’s not there, the country is going to have to take a deep breath.” DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'still trying to find footing' in LA [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry's US fans perplexed as to why they hide children [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry would 'definitely' be booed if appeared on balcony [INSIGHT] Sir Michael’s book, There Once is a Queen, follows the Queen from childhood all the way to the current day. Describing it, the author said: “I’ve written it like a fairy tale, which of course it is, and like a lot of fairy tales, things go wrong, because they reflect life.” “She’s no faerie queene,” he writes in the book. “Better by far, She’s our queen, our granny-queen, happiest when with her horses or sitting alone under her ‘thinking tree’ in the garden.” Five thousand copies of There Once is a Queen have been donated to libraries across the UK.