Mark Samuels, chief executive of the British Generic Manufacturers Association, which represents the UK-based companies that provide a quarter of the NHS’s medicine, said that “the pack of medicine supplied to Belfast should be identical to the pack of medicine that goes to Birmingham”. There are concerns among UK medicine suppliers that a regulatory settlement between the UK and EU would still require them to split medicines in a regulatory sense, so that drugs destined for Northern Ireland were in compliance with EU rules. The movement of medicines across the Irish Sea became a key bone of contention in Protocol negotiations last year – and is of acute concern. Northern Ireland itself does not have large medicine warehouses for storing the medicines the country needs; instead, aside for essential and commonly used medicines, they are kept in mainland Britain and ferried across to Belfast daily. The promise of a second round of border and regulatory checks when medicine entered Northern Ireland on the part of the EU raised fears that unnecessary red tape and delays could deprive Northern Ireland of vital medication. In October, the European Commission said the UK “can keep all their regulatory functions where they are currently located” with regards to pharmaceutical items. READ MORE: Javid creating ‘perfect storm’ causing HRT shortage agony In fact, the European Commission itself stipulated that the rest of the UK could continue acting as a “hub” for generic medicines for Northern Ireland. It added that “this proposal involves the EU changing its own rules on medicines”, as it would allow what is technically still part of the single market to be regulated by a non-EU country. However, there are worries that if negotiations were to end without agreement, the EU could impose its own regulatory requirements on medicines entering Northern Ireland. Medicines distributors have previously said that triggering Article 16 would maintain the status quo in the short term, but would have long-term implications to medicines access in the whole of the UK. It has been noted that the UK – the former home of the European Medicines Agency – has some of the best drug safety in the world, and that the UK’s Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) had similar regulatory standards to the EU. The EU already has signed Mutual Recognition Agreements with seven other nations, which allows the bloc to rely on their medicines regulators, as they have been deemed to have comparable standards. Such an agreement has yet to be signed with the UK. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk this week, Mr Samuels said that the European Commission’s “high-level solution” provided a “helpful way forward”. But, “as usual with medicines, the devil is, in this case, in the legislative detail, and so we are keeping an eye on what comes out in that legislative detail from the Commission to see if it can deliver as good a solution as they’ve promised”. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as Ukraine blows up three more Russian tanks [VIDEO] Ukraine LIVE: Brutal Chechen warlord threatens 'second stage' attack [REPORT] Fireball erupts after Russian-controlled oil depot bursts into flames [INSIGHT] In November, Martin Sawer, chief executive of the Healthcare Distribution Association, revealed to this website that the “main concern” of medicine distributors was the potential of having to split medicine packs, which would cost “millions of pounds” to do and would likely lead to fewer medicines being available in Northern Ireland. He added at the time: “An agreement with the EU might mean we've got to do something different depending on what our agreement means, but we've made it very clear that having two separate packs isn't really an option yet. Operationally and physically and practically, we can't do that.” While Mr Samuels did not wish to compare the different proposals for a revised Northern Ireland Protocol put forward by the UK and the EU, he outlined some key protections the medicine supply chain needed. He said: “There are some things that are vital to making it straightforward to supply medicine to Northern Ireland. “One of them is regulatory certainty, because medicine manufacturing can’t be switched on and off overnight; it takes months to identify [a] source and ship in the raw materials, in the right volumes that meet the needs of the patient population. “So where there is uncertainty about what regulations will apply in Northern Ireland, that makes it really hard in practical terms to do that.” Mr Samuels added: “The second thing is that we very much want one pack of medicine to be usable – the same pack of medicine – to be usable across the whole of the United Kingdom. “So the pack of medicine supplied to Belfast should be identical to the pack of medicine that goes to Birmingham. Any variation in that makes life incredibly different in practical terms for the manufacturers. “It’s one of things that sounds straightforward, but the reality is that it can make life, in practice, horrifically difficult to get the packs into Northern Ireland.” As the EU remains an important partner in the UK’s medicines industry, there are hopes that negotiators can put aside political differences to reach a workable agreement. Mr Samuels commented: “I very much hope that as Brexit dies down – you know, we’ve left, it’s long enough ago now, we’re a different world – that political and practical relations between the EU and the UK can be calmer. That would help us as well because we get a third of our medicines from the EU and we want to export to the EU.”