The man from Warrington was left baffled after dropping off a colleague at the town’s central station only to be hit with a parking fine. He said the immediate area had become congested so he pulled into the adjacent car park to let his friend out of the car. Just a week later he received a parking fine through the post from a company called Parking EYE and has now expressed concern about the management of the operation. In a letter to the local paper, the Warrington Guardian, the man said of the penalty charge notice: ”It has a clear picture of myself entering the car park at 16:28 and leaving the car park at 16:34 (six mins). “So my query is as follows; I know by law that parking management companies must ensure the car park is adequately signed, there should be signage at the entrance to the car park explaining the T&Cs of its use, but this is not the case. “Even if not by law there should be a sign explaining no drop off/pickups as there must be many people that do this at this car park.” READ MORE: UK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park He continued: “Is this company issuing parking charge notices to a lot of innocent motorists for this? “I have paid my parking charge notice, appealed and asked Parking Eye to return my money, however this is not about the money, this is about a car park management company failing to comply with its obligations in regards to correct signage and then issuing fines. How many people have they done this to? “If they are doing this knowingly, they are in breach of data protection by retrieving my personal data under false pretences. “I would highly recommend somebody conducts a full investigation.” DON'T MISSFury over parking fines handed out to elderly drivers [SHOCKING]Tourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis shows drivers how to save money on airport parking [ADVICE] Express.co.uk reached out to Parking Eye for comment on the matter. It comes as drivers across the UK are reacting with fury to the rise of fines being issued, possibly ahead of Government regulation arriving later this year. In one example, an elderly motorist warned others of parking fines and how they can avoid them after he had three tickets overturned. Malcolm Scothern, a disabled 81-year-old army veteran, successfully appealed against parking fines on privately-owned car parks in Nottinghamshire. The army veteran, from Kirkby in Ashfield, was first fined after his car was spotted by cameras at a car park in Mansfield. He had parked at St Peter’s Retail Park for 75 minutes, paying £2 at the designated machine. Despite this, he was sent a significant £60 fine from CP Plus, who claimed he had parked without payment. The determined former member of the 17th/21st Lancers (now the Queen’s Royal Lancers), an Army cavalry regiment, wrote to the car park company, claiming he thought the machine had been faulty. Fortunately, he had kept his parking ticket to prove his case. CP Plus responded by saying: “This parking charge has been cancelled in full. No further action will be taken. “We apologise sincerely for any inconvenience caused in this matter, and can confirm that the case has been closed.” Speaking after the fine was quashed, Malcolm said drivers should keep a hold of their parking tickets and receipts just in case.