Tottenham are quietly hopeful they can convince Alessandro Bastoni to join the club this summer with the Inter Milan centre-back now considered to be Antonio Conte and Fabio Paratici's top defensive target. Spurs are now poised to unveil the signing of Ivan Perisic, who will become the club's second summer capture - with Fraser Forster - after the Croatian completed his medical checks in London on Monday afternoon. Express Sport understands Perisic and his representatives are excited about his new venture in the Premier League, a challenge the 33-year-old has always wanted to pursue before calling time on his playing career. That is ultimately why he was in favour of a reunion with his former boss Conte over signing a new contract extension with Inter Milan. And there is optimism he won't be the only new arrival from the Serie A runners-up in the coming months, with Bastoni now in Tottenham's sights. He won't be easy to acquire though given he is more than settled at Inter, where he has consolidated his place as an integral player for one of Italy's biggest clubs. READ MORE: Tottenham star Harry Kane 'open to new contract' if Antonio Conte condition met At just 23, Bastoni is understood to be in no rush to depart the Nerazzurri, where he has two years left on his current contract, which expires in the summer of 2024. Nonetheless, his stance will not stop Spurs from chancing their arm and there is confidence Inter's potential capture of Torino's Gleison Bremer - winner of Serie A Defender of the Year - could see them soften their position on a sale. Tottenham have the financial power to present a significant and respectable offer for Bastoni, who is valued at £54m by Transfermarkt. He is currently the name being internally discussed by the club as they seek to continue their impressive and productive start to the transfer window. READ MOREManchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next seasonPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Liverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Aurelien Tchouameni's private declaration Spurs also boast another advantage in the form of Conte, who knows Bastoni very well from their time together at the San Siro. The Italian boss was the man who handed the ball-playing defender his breakthrough season at Inter following loan spells with boyhood club Atalanta and Parma. Conte's side reached the 2019/20 Europa League final, which Bastoni started, before winning the Serie A title last season for the first time in 11 years. Tottenham do have a number of other options on the table, should a move for Bastoni struggle to bear fruit. RB Leipzig's Josko Gvardiol, a former Leeds target, who is also admired by Chelsea, is another option under consideration. Perisic's international team-mate is unlikely to leave the Bundesliga club this summer, however. Lille's Sven Botman is also appreciated but AC Milan appear to be in the driving seat for the Dutchman, who is also being tracked by Newcastle following two rejected January bids. Spurs are keen to sign a left-sided defender to play alongside Eric Dier and Cristian Romero in Conte's back-three with Ben Davies expected to provide cover despite an admirable contribution last season.