This year marks Queen Elizabeth II’s 70-year reign on the throne, making her majesty the first British monarch in history to achieve the milestone. In light of this, the UK is gearing up to celebrate over a special four-day Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend in June, where a number of events and initiatives are due to take place up and down the country. A Jubilee is held to celebrate the life and reign of a monarch. Rather than happening every year, Jubilees tend to mark significant milestones; like 25 or 50 years, making them more special. The late May bank holiday has been shifted forward to Thursday, June 2 to provide the UK with an additional day to the official Platinum Jubilee bank holiday date on Friday, June 3. This means Britons will be celebrating the historic milestone for four days; from Thursday, June 2, to Sunday, June 5. Across the four days, communities across the UK will have the chance to take part in public events, community activities, as well as national moments of reflection on the Queen’s 70 years of service. The extended bank holiday weekend will also see a number of senior Royals tour the UK to commemorate the special event. So, what will be happening over the course of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend? Express.co.uk breaks down all the major events you won't want to miss, and what to expect. Trooping the Colour, also known as the Queen’s official birthday parade, will kick off the Jubilee events on Thursday, June 2. The event will see the colour be trooped by the first Battalion and Irish Guards, and more than 1200 officers and soldiers from the Household Division will put on a display of military pageantry on Horse Guards Parade, with hundreds of Army musicians and around 240 horses. Starting at Buckingham Palace, the Parade will move down The Mall to Horse Guard's Parade, joined by Members of the Royal Family on horseback and in carriages. The Parade will close with the traditional Royal Airforce fly-past, watched by the Queen and members of the Royal Family from the Buckingham Palace balcony. There are said to be 17 members of the Royal Family due to gather on the famous Buckingham Palace balcony - but only working Royals have been given the honour this time round. This means Prince Andrew, Prince Harry, and Meghan Markle will not be joining the Queen and her family on the frontage. Tickets for the event were allocated by ballot in March, so if you were unlucky with your application, there is no opportunity to buy tickets for this event. However, there will be limited space to view the parade along The Mall and on St James’ Park. The event will also be broadcast live on BBC, Sky, as well as on giant screens in St James’ Park. As a long-standing tradition in the UK to celebrate Royal Jubilees, weddings, and coronations, beacons will be lit throughout the UK, Channel Islands, Isle of Man, as well as UK overseas territories to mark the Platinum Jubilee. Beacons will be lit on top of mountains, church and cathedral towers, castle battlements, on town and village greens, country estates, parks and farms, along beaches, and on cliff tops. To find out more about the beacon events and how to join in, click here. These events will be broadcast on BBC One and BBC iPlayer on Thursday, June 2. A service of Thanksgiving for the Queen’s reign will be held at St Paul’s Cathedral in London. The service will be broadcast live on BBC One and BBC iPlayer, but the exact timings are yet to be announced. Although the service is a private event, St Paul’s has announced a brand new exhibition “Jubilee: St Paul’s, the Monarch, and the Changing World”, open for members of the public to visit and learn about the history of Jubilee celebrations on the run-up. The exhibit will open from Wednesday, May 25, and will examine the Jubilee celebrations for King George III, King George V, Queen Victoria and the Silver, Golden and Diamond Jubilees of Queen Elizabeth II. Her Majesty, accompanied by members of the Royal Family, are due to attend the Derby at Epsom Downs. The Epsom Downs Derby is a historic flat horse race in Surrey, and has been celebrated since the 17th century. A special live concert from Buckingham Palace will bring together a number of music and entertainment stars, a live orchestra, and actors to tell stories from the Queen’s reign. Queen and Adam Lambert, Alicia Keys, Hans Zimmer, Ella Eyre, Craig David, Mabel, Elbow and George Ezra will share the three-stage set-up with the likes of Duran Duran, Andrea Bocelli, Mimi Webb and Sam Ryder to name a few. You’ll also see appearances from those including Sir David Attenborough, Emma Raducanu, David Beckham, Stephen Fry and Dame Julie Andrews amongst several other stars. The ballot for this event has now closed, but you’ll be able to watch and listen to the event live on BBC One, BBC iPlayer and BBC Radio 2. Since 2009, the Big Lunch event has encouraged communities to come together, get to know each other better and celebrate. These organised street parties are due to be hosted by members of the public, as well as local authorities over the course of the day. To find out more, or how you can host your own, click here. A pageant featuring over 5,000 people across the UK and Commonwealth countries will take place by Buckingham Palace to round off the special bank holiday events. The event will combine street arts, theatre, music, carnival, and costumes to celebrate the monarch, as well as honour the collective service of people and communities across the country. This event is entirely open to the public, no booking will be required to attend. To find out more about the event, click here. For a more comprehensive list including details of these and more events, as well as how to find out about local street parties in your area, click here.