Queen and Adam Lambert’s two-year delayed UK tour is now in full swing after kicking off with two nights in Belfast and now a couple in Manchester. Brian May was incredibly enthusiastic in the run-up to the latest and afterwards shared ten snaps from backstage for fans to enjoy, which can be seen below. Brian wrote on his Instagram: “THANKS MANCHESTER !!! A great night - so long-awaited - so voraciously enjoyed ! SWIPE !!! Here’s 10 pics from Pete backstage tonight. Obviously he has too much time on his hands ! Cheers !!! Bri.” The 74-year-old also showed off another video of his “new toy” inspired by the A Kind of Magic music video with sparks flying out of his guitar. He wrote recently: “I had a secret dream that we could actually make it happen in a live show. Well, now our amazing production team gave me a splendid device to make that wish come true. So it now gives me a great feeling of satisfaction to reach that point in that song, and walk out there with the device in my hands, and see (and hear) the happiness it generates in our beloved audience !!! I think it actually makes me play better too - ha ha !” Yet it was in the run-up to performing Queen and Adam Lambert’s first gig in Manchester last night, that he paid tribute to Freddie. Standing inside the gigantic arena that can hold an audience of 21,000 (1000 more than The O2), Brian shared his excitement to be performing there. He said: “So, where could I be? I could be in the AO Arena in Manchester, which is actually the biggest arena in the country, I didn’t know if you knew that. But you do now and it’s pretty cool. I’m very excited! Some people have waited two years for this moment. Most noticeably me. God bless” If you listen carefully to the footage Brian says “Ay Oh!” instead of AO, referencing Freddie Mercury’s iconic way of warming up a crowd. This was most notably performed at the 1985 Live Aid concert and was done so by the singer to get the audience on his side. In archive footage from Queen The Greatest, the late star said: “That’s the part of my role, I have to win them over, otherwise it’s not a successful gig. It’s my job to make sure that I win them over and make them feel that they’ve had a good time. I’m very frivolous, and I like to enjoy myself, and what better way to do it than on stage in front of 300,000 people. I just cook on stage, that’s just my nature. That’s not what I’m like in real life, my character’s built up of all kinds of ingredients and this is one element of me.” DON'T MISSBrian May admits 'greatest regret' as Queen + Adam Lambert tour starts [BRIAN MAY]Queen" Freddie Mercury's heartfelt gift to Brian May proved his love [FREDDIE MERCURY]Queen: John Deacon wrote hit song for his wife, Freddie 'hated' part [JOHN DEACON] Freddie added: “On stage, that’s my job and I don’t like to go on stage, sitting on a stool and do a show. I’m very volatile, in that way, and I like to actually put a song across in the way it is.  It’s all part of showbiz and theatre, that’s another side of me.” Queen and Adam Lambert often incorporate footage and audio of Freddie performing Ay-Ohs into their shows as a way to honour him. Queen and Adam Lambert tour tickets can be purchased here.