The 46th President jets off to South Korea on Thursday and will meet with the head of state Yoon Suk Yeol. Mr Yoon is seen as a hardliner on issues involving his compatriots' North Korean neighbours Following his victory in the 2022 election, in which Yoon won the poll by just a few hundred thousand votes, he said: "I will sternly respond to North Korea’s illegal and unreasonable acts according to principles but always leave the door open for South-North dialogue." And now North Korea appears to be preparing for a possible intercontinental ballistic missile test. The test launch is expected to take place within the next 48 to 96 hours, while the POTUS prepares to jet off to Asia, according to CNN. An official told CNN: "The things we have noticed in the past for a launch are the things we are noticing now." JUST IN: 'Jumping the gun!’ UK unable to move forward as EU ‘won’t move’ over hated Brexit deal The launch site under satellite observation is located near the North Korean capital. The official, who is said to be familiar with the latest intelligence assessment, did not provide further details about the current imagery. Mr Biden will travel to Japan on Sunday after meeting with Mr Yoon. During his visit to the Land of the Rising Sun, he will meet with the leaders of Japan, Australia and India. READ MORE: Lord Frost demands Brexit Britain seize sovereignty on national security firms However, Kim Jong Un conducted a number of ballistic missile tests this year already. According to CNN, Washington now believes a DPRK missile launch on May 4 was a failed ICBM which had exploded shortly after launch. US assessments also suggested two ballistic missile tests on February 26 and March 4 involved a new ICBM that is under development by North Korea. However, the Pentagon claimed that the missile was originally shown for the first time at the Korean Workers Party parade on October 10, 2020. DON'T MISS:Lord Frost 'could stand as MP' after Tractorgate porn scandal [INSIGHT]Sefcovic threatens new EU 'measures' after response to Truss [LIVE]Exactly when the UK will ditch Northern Ireland deal [EXPLAINER] Subsequent tests earlier this year are said to have been intended as an evaluation but they did not try to demonstrate the range of the ICBM. After making those findings public in March, the Pentagon increased surveillance activity in the Yellow Sea and "enhanced readiness" of US missile defences in the region.