Pippa Middleton has shared her diet and exercise regime with fans in the past, writing a column in Waitrose magazine among others. But, recently, the 38-year-old has been seen taking part in an unusual activity which can help slimmers burn calories and fat fast. The mother of two children, Arthur and Grace, Pippa is regularly seen running errands around London, where she lives with her husband, James Mathews. Over the past year, Pippa has been seen using a scooter alongside her three-year-old son. The scooter is a practical form of transport as it can take you from one place to the next quickly - but it also, like cycling, can help individuals to stay in shape. Using a scooter is a brilliant form of cardio exercise as it uses "plenty of lower-body muscles, as well as other parts of your body", according to the experts at Decathlon. READ MORE: Five rules for weight loss: Essential tips from a fitness and diet guru to shed fat They added: "It's simple - half an hour riding your scooter burns around 200 calories. Even more than walking." Scooting for 45 minutes can burn an average of 350 calories an hour, according to a recent University of Brighton study. This means that scooting therefore falls somewhere between cycling and running. It is lower in impact than running but easier to go for a loner distance or time than a typical run. DON'T MISS: Michael Mosley weight loss diet recipe: Keto creamy pappardelle [FOOD] Weight loss: Nutritionist’s tips for women over 50 to lose weight [EXPERT]Star signs: Scorpio's are in for a ‘surprise’ but warned 'be careful' [INSIGHT] It is also a full-body workout because of the motion of kicking to create forward movement - which is even better than cycling. As Pippa uses a kick scooter, instead of an electric scooter, she too manages to complete a full-body workout with every ride. For the mother-of-two, it is also a good way to spend quality time with her children. Other exercises Pippa enjoys include High Intensity Interval Training (HIIT) work outs. Speaking about why she recommends HIIT exercises to dieters, Pippa told Waitrose magazine: "Great for burning fat and boosting fitness, high-intensity exercise is a short but intense workout that does wonders for your body shape, particularly if you’re after fast results. “The aim is to boost your VO2 max – increase the amount of oxygen your body can use per minute. "Put simply, the greater your VO2 max, the fitter you are.” The 38-year-old continued: “Once you can perform a cardiovascular activity like running, cycling, swimming or power walking at a moderate intensity for 30 minutes, try a high-intensity workout. “There are plenty of regimes to choose from – such as HIIT – that fuse high-energy intervals with short rest periods. “Simple fartlek, or ‘speed play’, involves training at various speeds, alternating between slow and fast paces. “This sort of workout is perfect if you don’t want to spend hours in the gym but want to up your fitness levels. “Working harder will increase your metabolic rate, not only during exercise but for a few hours after too.” Regular exercise should be enjoyed alongside a balanced diet - Pippa follows the Peccorino and Mediterranean diets, according to reports.