  Countdown presenter Rachel Riley has discussed the vile comments she has received from trolls over the years in the podcast Dirty Mother Pukka with Anna Whitehouse. The maths whizz, who campaigned against Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour Party in the run up to the general election, described how one Twitter user wished for her daughter to be “stillborn”.      Rachel, 36, opened up about the abuse she has faced online over the years, particularly after voicing her views about antisemitism under Corbyn’s Labour Party. The Countdown star has often been outspoken about antisemitism online, and has faced plenty of vitriol from internet trolls as a result. After the general election in 2019 that saw the Labour Party lose to the Conservatives, Rachel shared a tweet that angered some of her followers. Speaking about the incident to Anna, she explained: “On the 12th of December it was such a relief when the exit polls came in. READ MORE: Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown    “And I didn’t vote for the Tories, I’m not a Tory. But I just was like, ‘Thank you, Britain.’ People were so terrified. “And someone replied saying: ‘I hope your daughter's still-born.’" When Anna replied that her story was “chilling”, Rachel confirmed that the comments she had received over the years “couldn’t get much worse” than that. “And that was in the name of kinder, gentler politics, you know. This is what you get all the time,” Rachel added.      Rachel’s comments about antisemitism in Corbyn’s Labour Party come after a 2020 report by the UK's human rights watchdog found Labour to be responsible for "unlawful" acts of harassment and discrimination during his four-and a-half years as party leader. The Equality and Human Rights Commission investigation found an inadequate process of handling antisemitism complaints. The report said there were three breaches of the Equality Act under Corbyn’s Labour: political interference in anti-Semitism complaints, failure to provide adequate training to those handling antisemitism complaints and harassment. During her interview, Rachel said that she had “annoyed people that wanted Labour to take power”. READ MORE... Sharon Osbourne, 69, sparks concern with frail bed-ridden photo [UPDATE] A Place In The Sun's Jasmine 'dumbfounded' by Brexit's lack of impact [NEWS] 'Never mess with Susie' Rachel Riley warns amid Anne's Countdown exit [LATEST]     Describing herself as a campaigner against antisemitism, she also suggested that supporters of Corbyn were keen to “sweep it under the carpet” so as to not affect the outcome of the election. The tweet from Rachel that yielded such a shocking response was just three words. “Love you Britain,” she tweeted on December 12, making headlines after she received plenty of backlash from other Twitter users. The exit poll published at the time confirmed a Conservative majority in the House of Commons, while the Labour Party trailed far behind.      Rachel has co-presented Channel 4’s Countdown since 2009 and its comedy spin-off 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown since 2012. She met husband Pasha Kovalev in 2013 after competing alongside him in BBC show Strictly Come Dancing. The pair married in 2019 and later that year Rachel gave birth to their first daughter Maven Aria. In April 2021, she announced she was pregnant with their second child, giving birth to daughter Noa that November. Dirty Mother Pukka with Anna Whitehouse is available to stream here.   