Emma Raducanu has brought her grass season forward after suffering an early exit at the French Open. The world No 12 has taken a wildcard into next week's Rothesay Open in Nottingham alongside fellow Brit Dan Evans to begin her preparations for her return to Wimbledon. Raducanu will officially begin the British grass court season in Nottingham next week as she returns to official competition on home soil for the first time since becoming a Grand Slam champion at the US Open. She was set to start her pre-Wimbledon preparations a week later in Birmingham but has brought her return to the grass forward after losing in the second round of the French Open. The 19-year-old made her WTA Tour debut in Nottingham as a wildcard last year, losing to comptriot Harriet Dart in straight sets, but 12 months later returns as the US Open champion knocking on the door of the world's top 10. “I’m excited to return to Nottingham and it will be a great opportunity to play in front of British crowds for the first time this year," the Bromley teenager said after accepting the wildcard. "This event will always be special to me as I played my first tournament on the WTA Tour here last June and I can’t wait to go back.” She has also been joined by Dan Evans, who took a wildcard into the ATP Challenger tournament being held alongside the WTA 250. JUST IN: French Open star's dad caught blowing smoke on court during clash  “The grass court season is always a special time for British players and I can’t wait to get back to Nottingham and play on courts that are always in such good condition," the world No 32 - who lost in the French Open second round to Mikael Ymer - said of his decision to take a wildcard. "The home fans are always vocal in their backing and hopefully I can give them something to cheer.” Raducanu will join a strong women's field in Nottingham which includes former Australian Open champion Sofia Kenin and world No 11 Jessica Pegula. Defending champion and world No 6 Ons Jabeur has been forced to withdraw with a knee injury after crashing out in the opening round of the French Open. DON'T MISSNadal warned he is unlikely to win French Open by latest victimCarlos Alcaraz wades into French Open scheduling rowNadal retirement worries heightened with star 'weary' at French Open  “I was looking forward to coming back to Nottingham but unfortunately my body is not ready. Thank you to all the fans and I hope to see you next time,” the Tunisian said as she announced her withdrawal. The tournament director also commented on the announcement of Raducanu and Evans' wildcards, saying: "We are delighted to be welcoming Emma and Dan back to Nottingham. We already have some impressive players entered to play in the Rothesay Open Nottingham in both the men’s and women’s draw, so tennis fans can look forward to a fantastic week of action. "Emma started her WTA journey here just 12 months ago and Dan is a former champion and I’m sure fans will be delighted to see them both play on the wonderful grass courts at Nottingham Tennis Centre. We are all very much looking forward to a special grass court season.”