When it's bright and sunny outside, you want to ensure the sun can stream through your windows without bringing any grubby marks to light. Cleaning your windows is a task many homeowners put off, with glass notoriously hard to get just right. Glass needs to be cleaned carefully, with the right products, to get a spotless finish. If you give your windows a good clean, all your efforts can be ruined by unsightly streaks left behind by cloths or cleaning products. Cleaning your windows can be an easy way to make your home look brighter. Jacqueline McLeod, Communications Director of APDO (the Association of Professional Declutterers and Organisers) and founder of Bancrofts Organisation Services, her own decluttering business told Express.co.uk what the “best” solution is to clean windows. She said: “Going homemade is cheaper and is the environmentally-friendly option. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap trick’ to rid homes of fruit flies “The best homemade window cleaner is warm water with a few drops of washing up liquid (don’t overdo the washing up liquid) with a few drops of white vinegar. “White vinegar is a well known window cleaner as the acid in it is great for getting rid of the dirt and residue that sits on windows especially outside.” White vinegar is extremely acidic, and that is what makes it such a good natural cleaner. It can dissolve stubborn watermarks, soap scum, and other nasty build-ups in no time at all and doesn’t damage the environment. DON'T MISS: ‘Effective’ ways to get rid of mice in homes with natural scents [EXPERT]Gardening: ‘Rules’ to follow when planting bulbs for better results [TIPS]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [INSIGHT] Before this solution can be used on windows they need to be dusted first, according to the expert. She said: “It may seem obvious but a lot of people forget to do this.” Once the windows have been dusted, it is then time to move on to cleaning the frames, which can be done with soapy warm water. Now it is time to clean the window glass using the white vinegar and washing up liquid solution. Jacqueline said: “Apply a generous amount of cleaner/soapy water across the whole window. “Don’t be shy with it as it really helps to get an overall streak-free finish. “I always like to recommend a squeegee as they are great for avoiding streaks. “Take the squeegee and start at the top of the window and work your way down, moving horizontally across the window pane.” After, you can go in with a microfibre cloth or cotton rag (don’t use kitchen towels, they leave lint behind which just attracts dust) and wipe down the windows to remove any streaks. Go round the edges with a microfibre cloth and wipe down your window sills too. To finish, the cleaning pro suggests buffing your windows with “scrunched up newspaper” will make them really sparkle. Not only can this work wonders for your windows, but it is also a great way to recycle the paper for new use. However, it is important not to use newspapers which feature any colour, as this can come off and stain your window. Black and white pages are the best way to put this hack into practice without damaging your windows.