Children who wish to be taught in English are being made to travel miles to other schools at the expense of their parents, despite Welsh learners having access to a free shuttle bus. These problems are the result of the Welsh Government's Cymraeg 2050 Strategy, which aims to create a million Welsh-speaking nation in 28 years' time. However, the negative impact of the plan has left some children unable to attend their nearest school. Parents whose children want to learn in English have had this option axed from the school curriculum and will need to travel further, at additional cost to their families. But for pupils learning Welsh but whose local school doesn't provide it - the council will foot their transport bill.  A parent, who wants their child to be taught in English, told MailOnline: "This is treating our children as second-class citizens. "It is biased at best. At worst the council is using children to force them to learn Welsh. "We all live in Wales, we all like the Welsh language and if our children could learn as well using it, we would have no problem at all".  READ MORE: Tom Parker's widow shares 'bittersweet' moment after star's death They added: "But the fact is, not all children do learn as well in Welsh – and those that want to learn in English are being penalised by this hardline language push. "There will be hundreds of children across the country affected by this – it is not fair." Ysgol Dyffryn Trannon school, in the small village of Trefeglwys, axed its English-medium element after gaining approval from the council. This means that when the autumn term starts in September, new starters who wish to learn in English will be forced to travel and pay for a separate school, the closest is five miles away. DON'T MISS: Rifle ad slammed as firm that sold AR-15 to Texas suspect exposed [INSIGHT]Texas mass shooter's chilling warning of 'lil secret' [ANALYSIS]Texan officials SLAMMED for pro-gun tweets after horrific shooting [COMMENT]  This could cost parents up to £10 a day to drive their youngsters to school as there is no suitable public transport in the village. Ysgol Gynradd Llanidloes Primary School is the nearest and teaches predominantly in English but offers Welsh language classes, which is the case in all schools in Wales. The local county council said it didn't think the move was discriminatory during a consultation on the language teaching change. The Welsh Government hopes to see the number of people that speak Welsh in the country increase to one million by 2050 as it insists it needs to save the Welsh language. 