With Erling Haaland’s move to Manchester City set to be concluded, the summer transfer window is set for its first merry-go-around of deals amongst several European giants. The Norwegian has agreed in principle to join the Premier League champions in a £51million deal, creating a domino effect throughout the continent for transfers to go through. Borussia Dortmund have already stepped up to sign Haaland’s replacement, securing a £38m deal for Red Bull Salzburg starlet Karim Adeyemi. The Germany international was once targeted by Liverpool but the Reds chose to sign Luis Diaz, freeing up the 19-year-old to return to Germany. But that could be merely the tip of the iceberg in terms of dealings between the clubs, with several more in the pipeline. Express Sport looks at seven more transfers that could occur when Haaland completes his highly-anticipated move to the Etihad Stadium. READ MORE: Haaland's Man City transfer is game changer and Liverpool will suffer It seems likely that Haaland’s arrival will force one of Man City’s current crop to consider their future. And with Gabriel Jesus and Raheem Sterling both out of contract in 2023, one of the forwards could leave this summer. Arsenal are thought to hold a long-standing interest in Sterling, while Mikel Arteta wants to add a quality striker to his ranks this summer. At 25, Jesus may see this as the best chance of getting regular football ahead of the World Cup and, for the right price, City will surely consider letting the Brazilian leave. It has been in the pipeline for some time now, but it appears increasingly likely Alexandre Lacazette will head back to France at the end of his contract. His current deal expires this summer and the 30-year-old is poised to leave the Emirates after five years in England. A return to Lyon, where Lacazette is still adored, seems like the most obvious option as Atletico Madrid have cooled their interest. Arteta is hoping to keep Eddie Nketiah at the club after the 22-year-old’s recent form and that could push Lacazette towards the exit. DON'T MISSDortmund announce Adeyemi deal just hours after Haaland Man City exitMane 'seduced by Barcelona' as Salah transfer chances emergeXavi aims dig at 'financial reasons' behind Haaland's Man City move The only other transfer that can potentially match Haaland’s for sheer status is Kylian Mbappe’s proposed move to Real Madrid. It was once floated that the LaLiga giants could sign both players, but Haaland’s switch to City has somewhat quashed that possibility. However, their move for Mbappe is very much still in the works. But Mbappe’s future is still yet to be resolved and reports of a two-year extension with PSG were reportedly premature. The 23-year-old has a huge decision to make but a free transfer to join Champions League finalists Real would no doubt create a similar level of hysteria as Haaland’s move, whilst earning the Frenchman a significant pay rise. PSG have done all they can to keep Mbappe at Parc des Princes, but the matter is firmly out of their hands as the player decides his fate. Should the World Cup winner decide to move on, Romelu Lukaku may offer a tempting alternative for the Ligue 1 champions. Lukaku’s future at Chelsea is uncertain after struggling to impress at Stamford Bridge since his £97.5m move. The Belgian, 28, has a proven record of scoring in Europe and may welcome the chance to start fresh elsewhere after losing his place in the side under Thomas Tuchel. The only question is whether Chelsea would be willing to cut their losses on the ex-Inter Milan ace. Mbappe’s move to Real Madrid would surely spell the end of Marco Asensio’s career at the Santiago Bernabeu. Already on the fringes under Carlo Ancelotti, there is little chance that the Spaniard could dislodge Mbappe, Karim Benzema or Vinicius Jr. There could be a way out for the 26-year-old, with Tottenham reportedly offered the chance to sign the attacking midfielder by his representatives, according to TeamTalk. If Antonio Conte’s side can qualify for the Champions League, it may be enough to sway Asensio into swapping Madrid for London. Asensio’s arrival could have the knock-on effect of allowing Steven Bergwijn to return to his native Netherlands. The winger has been on the periphery of the Spurs starting XI since Conte took charge and another attacking signing would only push him further down the pecking order. Erik ten Hag, now bound for Manchester United, has been keen to bring the 26-year-old to Amsterdam after seeing a £15m move blocked in January. Even when Ten Hag leaves, Ajax would surely not turn down a player of Bergwijn’s quality if he became available. When Ten Hag takes official charge at Old Trafford, it is expected the Dutchman will raid his former club to take some players with him to Man United. Antony, the dynamic Brazilian winger, would surely be top of the list after 12 goals this season for the Eredivisie giants. It would take a sizeable fee to convince Ajax to sell, with his asking price thought to be around £50m. But that is hardly outside of United’s budget, particularly if Ten Hag requests the winger is brought in to mark the beginning of his overhaul in Manchester.