Stephanie runs @thecheshiregreyhome where she boats over 80,000 followers. The influencer uses her platform to posts gorgeous snippets of the renovation of her stunning home. Recently the content creator has turned her hand to the garden where she has created an amazing before and after transformation. She explained how she and her partner created the DIY garden. Stephanie, who recently detailed 10 'must-have' kitchen features to 'make life a little easier', said: "First we took down the old shed and dug the path and patio area." The couple added paving and a pergola, which was a simple kit from Amazon. In the pergola the couple put a gorgeous outdoor sofa and table set with an incredible fire feature in the middle. The couple have the Cambridge Right Hand Casual Dining Corner Sofa Set with Firepit Table, which retails full price for £2,299. READ MORE: 'Will kill your lawn': Choosing the wrong product will destroy your grass - urgent warning Then they added in a fence and painted both the pergola and the fence in a natural stone hue. The pair also added added a bubbling water feature to the garden, which they made themselves. The blogger and her partner made the feature with a bucket, some large stones, some mesh and a drill. They dug a hole for the bucket in the turf, then placing a wire frame over the bucket. DON'T MISSHow to make tomatoes grow large and delicious [VEGETABLES] 'Lush and green': How to get the perfect lawn now [EXPERT] Effective way to kill garden weeds with cardboard [WEEDS] Then they placed three large stones on top of one another and used a drill to creaed a hole through all three of them. They placed these stones over a wire mesh, and voered the space up with smaller stones to cover the mesh. Stephanie said: "It was actually pretty easy to do once we got the stones in the right position. "The gate was from Facebook marketplace, the bucket was eBay and the stones were at the bottom of my parents garden!" Fans loved the before and after. One told the content creator: "You've done it beautifully." "I love your garden so much, total inspiration for when it comes to ours," another said. "Amazing, what a place for the summer," one said. Another said: "Oh my goodness did you do this all yourself?! This is a great space! Hats off to you guys!" Another British homeowner recently created an incredible DIY kitchen, which was a Downton Abbey-inspired period kitchen. Elizabeth who shares her home on @cranstonehouse on Instagram said Downton was an inspiration for her and she loved the "modest utilitarian" style of the famous TV kitchen. She said: "The sets are beautiful and the story is warm - the Downton kitchen is just gorgeous in a modest utilitarian way.” Elizabeth's dark green walls kitchen walls contrast with the copper elements. A large Belfast sink, and open shelving give a traditionally vintage look.