Owners of diesel vehicles have been urged by experts at Money Saving Expert to check whether their cars qualify for the compensation. Registered keepers of diesel cars made between 2007 and 2018 could be eligible. The experts claimed that the mis-selling is being alleged in various legal actions against manufacturers of diesel cars. These manufacturers included: Ford, Audi, Volkswagen, Fiat, Mercedes, Vauxhall, BMW, Land Rover, and more. The legal claims started in 2015 when Audi and Volkswagen, which are both part of VW Group, faced regulatory action over their alleged use of illegal "defeat devices". Those devices help a car's engine to detect when its emissions are being tested and make them artificially lower than under normal driving conditions. READ MORE: Drivers may face two years in prison for driving after summer rain This, the plaintiffs argue, means the cars were actually emitting more nitrous oxide (NOx) than advertised since the tests were not a fair reflection of real-world conditions. In an initial hearing in 2019, the High Court ruled that VW Group had indeed installed such a device into a specific engine used in many Audi, Skoda, Seat, and Volkswagen vehicles. However, that was just the first stage in the process. A full trial is set to begin in January 2023. DON'T MISS UK drivers can avoid paying road tax with a smart hybrid car trick [REVEAL] Electric car owners could be forced to pay more for charging cars [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of huge driving law changes coming in this week [WARNING] This will determine whether owners of such cars lost out financially because they may have not bought the car if they had known the true extent of emissions. VW Group said nobody lost out financially as a result of its actions. The company added that it has already paid some £27billion in fines. However, more owners are likely to come forward in order to make a claim. Drivers could be eligible to join - and therefore gain a share of any award - if they owned a diesel car or van manufactured between 2007 and 2018. The brands included so far are: Audi, Chrysler, Citroen, Fiat, Ford, Hyundai, Jaguar, Kia, Land Rover, Mini, Mercedes, Nissan, Peugeot, Porsche, Renault, Seat, Skoda, Vauxhall, Volkswagen, and Volvo. Depending on the law firm, motorists can still qualify if they bought the car second-hand, and/or if they no longer own it. It also includes those who bought it on finance. Drivers, however, will not qualify if they bought the car outside the UK. While this may sound too good to be true, motorists could genuinely be awarded a fair sum of money. However, there are a few things to bear in mind. Firstly, any no-win, no-fee claim means the legal firm will pocket a fair amount of the award. There is also a very slim chance that motorists will have to pay toward the legal fees if they lose - though most law firms take out insurance to protect their clients from this. Motorists should only join a claim if they genuinely believe you have a case and talk to the legal firm they choose before signing up if they have any questions. Express.co.uk has contacted VW Group for comment.