Strictly Come Dancing professionals Katya and Neil Jones proved once again that they remain on great terms following their split. In a heartfelt social media post shared today, Katya wished her former husband a happy birthday as he turned 40. The 32-year-old Russian dancer uploaded a video of the pair dancing a jive together in view of her 206,000 followers. Along with the throwback clip, Katya penned a lengthy caption marking her former romantic partner’s milestone. In the message, she gushed over the “unforgettable moments” they shared thanks to their profession. Katya penned: “Blimey, You are 40 today! Happy Birthday to my amazing friend, dance partner, and simply a super talented, funny and wonderful guy @mr_njonesofficial ! READ MORE: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update “From the bottom of my heart I only wish the best for you, may you experience all the exciting things that life has to offer, may you carry on spreading your positivity everywhere you go, may Liverpool FC always win and May the 4th be with you! “We’ve been so blessed to share so many unforgettable moments together. “From winning world championships to becoming Professionals on @bbcstrictly Come Dancing. “So to celebrate YOU, here’s our Jive- an honour dance from the Royal Albert Hall after our very first win in 2011!” Katya concluded the birthday message with a series of hashtags, including “#birthday”, “#maythe4thbewithyou” and “#taurus” - which is the star sign Neil’s birthday falls under. Fans soon rushed to the comments section to wish Neil a happy birthday while praising the former couple’s moves on the dance floor. Cherylbailyclarke1 wrote: “This is lovely & what a fabulous routine. “Can’t wait for the day Strictly partner @mr_njonesofficial with a natural dancer (no disrespect to previous celebs ~ I thought they were fabulous)” DON'T MISS:Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [PHOTOS]Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda and Clive Owen shake up family dynamic [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Millie Gibson admits co-star is 'love of my life' [LATEST] Kathycurtis_tropic added: “Wow! What a routine! No wonder you were World Champions!! “Thank you for sharing @katyajones & Happy 40th @mr_njonesofficial xx” Karenjwebb commented: “I love that you still have so much for one another. “#divorcedcouplegoals Happy birthday Neil.” Lin3ssen said: “Such a sweet homage for @mr_njonesofficial 's 40th birthday. “Thank you for sharing some of your magic experiences.” Neil and Katya met in 2008, four years later they became engaged and were married the following year. In 2019, six years after the couple wed, they announced that they had decided to go their separate ways.