A friend is innocent of what they have been accused of. You know it and you won’t hesitate to speak up for them. Unfortunately, you may lose a few friends of your own because of this situation but what you are starting to discover is exactly who in your life cannot be trusted. You aren’t happy with a housemate or partner’s behaviour. An argument will lead to them reminding you that you aren’t perfect. You know you have made mistakes and you will tackle your own shortcomings. Just as you are hoping they will listen to your practical advice. There are a number of possibilities for the future but you won’t want to discuss your plans until you’ve had a chance to consider them further. This isn’t a day when meetings, discussions and even general conversations will go smoothly so you will prefer to focus on areas and activities that involve no one but yourself.  Some significant headway in a joint project has already been made. Progress that was necessary to get you onto the next stage has been performed. What surprises you is a sudden change in the team when a conflict of interests or personalities starts to get in the way. New responsibilities will make you feel important. At the same time, this could have an effect on your health. You’re dealing with situations you have never experienced before and progress will be slow but significant. There are times when you aren’t sure where you are. Just because someone isn’t keeping you up to date with all that is going on, it doesn’t mean they aren’t getting results. Be patient. A friend who has always been there for you in the past is unlikely to let you down. If they said they would do something for you, they will.  Rather than take too much notice of colleagues who urge cutting corners and other ‘whiz kid’ ideas, you can see the sense of working through some tasks in a slow and methodical fashion. Normally you don’t mind following other people’s directions but for today, you are the one who can see how best to get results. Unexpected news from someone from your past may mean postponing some arrangements. You won’t mind this at all as it will mean a lot to you that this person looked you up specially to pass on this information. It won’t be a bother spending an afternoon doing things you had been planning to do this morning. Flexibility will make it easier to get through the day. The more adamant you are to stick to original plans, the more likely it is that everything will seem to go wrong. One way to avoid frustration in most areas is by being willing to leave your options open.  A member of your family is determined to launch out on their own. They need support and encouragement. Any practical or financial assistance will also be received with gratitude. If you’re in a position to give someone advice, think carefully about how you might put this to them. Decisions aren’t ones you should make lightly. Trust your intuition. Your instincts are spot on just now and that’s why if you feel a sudden desire to jump and grasp an unexpected opportunity, be certain to do so. You might guiltily wonder whether you should have acted on impulse but sometimes you have to seize the moment. Impetuous words could spark an argument. You can sense someone instantly regrets words they blurt out in the heat of the moment. Other people aren’t as sensitive and will get argumentative. The atmosphere could be eased if you suggest everyone take some time away to calm down. 