Cruise passenger levels are coming back with some cruise lines reporting record bookings, according to Cruise Lines International Association (CLIA). On top of this, the CLA showed evidence during the Seatrade Cruise Global 2022 Conference at the Miami Beach Convention CLIA of a surge in new generations of cruisers looking to embark on their first voyage. However, one common factor that puts many budding cruisers off is the perception that cruises are vastly expensive - but this doesn't always have to be the case. There are a number of things that can drive up the cost of a cruise. But, according to experts, the time of year you book your cruise could have a positive impact on your wallet. Paul Melinis, managing director of APT & Travelmarvel, UK & Europe, told Express.co.uk: "The great news is that there are multiple opportunities for travellers to take advantage of throughout the year to secure the very best value for money on their cruise holiday." Express.co.uk spoke with some cruise industry experts to find out when to book a cruise for some of the best savings. READ MORE: Signs a hotel room is infested with bed bugs According to Mr Melinis: "When it comes to availability and choice of dates, the earlier you can make your travel arrangements the better. "This is particularly true now that borders have reopened and demand for 2022 and 2023 travel has boomed. "Prices may also go up as the number of available places decreases. "Competition is fierce because many guests have had their holidays moved, which is not helping with 2022-23 capacity, and airlines are operating at 30 percent of the capacity that they had available in 2019." As a result, APT says it has already seen "strong bookings for 2023". Speaking to Express.co.uk, Steve Williams, director of Sales for MSC Cruises UK and Ireland added: "Pre-covid we often had cruises on sale more than two years in advance and people regularly booked several cruises at once. "We now once again have a full fleet of 19 ships available to book this summer, 21 ships from December including the two newest ships in the fleet MSC World Europa and MSC Seascape, and today we have put our World Cruise for 2024 on sale ready to meet the demand of people wanting to book in advance once again." DON'T MISSDEAL OF THE DAY: TUI launches cruise sale with £500 off cruises [DEAL]How most expensive cruise ensures 'perfect' bananas on 12-day trip  [REVEALED]Flight attendant says 'clothes pouches' are 'smartest' way to pack  [COMMENT] However, there are some occasions when a last-minute deal could crop up. Peter Hodge of cruise deals comparison website Hello Cruise told Express.co.uk: "It is always a tough balance to choose the optimum time to choose to book; always remember prices do tend to drop closer to the time however so does availability. "If you want a specific cruise ship, cabin or itinerary we say book in advance." For the flexible traveller, hanging on for a last-minute deal could make way for major savings. Mr Hodge added: "If you are not fussed on these things and it is down to just price wait for the right deal to come up which tends to be more last minute if the cruise lines are struggling to fill the ship." Booking in advance is one of the best ways to secure your holiday, but doing so during "wave season" could have particular advantages. Traditionally this three-month period runs from January 1 to March 31. Mr Williams said: "The key booking window tends to be January to end of March known across the industry as ‘Wave’ when there some great promotions to be had, for example at MSC Cruises we did a drinks package included as part of the price. "These promotions are always a good opportunity to get a great package price." According to Mr Melinis, these sales tend to "dominate the first quarter of the year" with big-name lines "promoting tantalising value-added packages and special deals to travellers who are early when it comes to planning their holidays for the year." Peter Hodge of cruise deals comparison website Hello Cruise explained that these deals aren't just to do with reduced sailing prices, but can also include "free on board spending money, drinks packages and low deposits." However, this isn't the only time cruise lines are likely to run deals. Mr Melinis continued: "Now that lines are sailing, some may have distressed stock to sell, so flash sales can and do happen throughout the sailing season." Travel outside of peak seasons Mr Hodge explained: "Peak dates for cruises again are mostly around the time of year and destination, but the peak dates do tend to be around school holidays such as Easter, summer, October and Christmas. "If you can, stay away from these months as flights, hotels, tours and cruises all tend to be dearer." Mr Melinis added: "For Europe, the most expensive time will be during the summer holidays – July, August and September – and you can expect to pay a premium if you choose to holiday then." Some cruise lines, such as MSC, offer deals outside of the peak seasons. Mr Williams, of MSC Cruises, said: "Any departures away from half terms and school holidays generally offer lower rates as kids under 17 travel at reduced rates, and kids under two for free with MSC Cruises, so school holidays are always popular for multigenerational families." And it isn't just UK school holidays that tourists should bear in mind. Mr Williams added: "As an international cruise line with passengers from over 114 different countries you should also consider key dates for other countries, for example, spring break or Labour Day in America when ships in the Caribbean will be in higher demand." Mr Hodge explained: "Peak dates for cruises again are mostly around the time of year and destination, but the peak dates do tend to be around school holidays such as Easter, summer, October and Christmas. "If you can, stay away from these months as flights, hotels, tours and cruises all tend to be dearer." Mr Melinis added: "For Europe, the most expensive time will be during the summer holidays – July, August and September – and you can expect to pay a premium if you choose to holiday then." Some cruise lines, such as MSC, offer deals outside of the peak seasons. Mr Williams, of MSC Cruises, said: "Any departures away from half terms and school holidays generally offer lower rates as kids under 17 travel at reduced rates, and kids under two for free with MSC Cruises, so school holidays are always popular for multigenerational families." And it isn't just UK school holidays that tourists should bear in mind. Mr Williams added: "As an international cruise line with passengers from over 114 different countries you should also consider key dates for other countries, for example, spring break or Labour Day in America when ships in the Caribbean will be in higher demand."