Brambles can be difficult to get rid of, particularly if they have grown at speed in your garden. Though chemical pesticides may seem like your only hope at this point, there are some natural methods you can employ to put a stop to brambles. Experts from Goodgardn say there are "two most important tips" gardeners should know of. They said: "At the beginning, you might think that a few blackberry bushes in the garden are still nice, but since blackberries grow so fast, they quickly take over the entire garden." "For nature, the biological way is of course the best, but if this does not work out you will still have to switch to chemical control." The problem with chemical controls is that they can impact other plants surrounding the affected area, as well as the nearby soil. READ MORE: Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds This could harm your garden in the future. Furthermore, chemical killers can be dangerous to wildlife and pollinators who visit your garden. Luckily, there are two main "organic" ways you can combat these troublesome bushes. The first method the experts recommend is by using a healthy dose of salt. Salt works best for smaller gardens, or outbreaks that have not yet grown in size. Goodgardn's expert said: "If you use the salt in the right way, chances are that this will work for killing brambles." DON'T MISSRoyal fans divided over Princess Anne's 'crowded' living room [COMMENT]How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods [EXPLAINER]‘Highly effective’ 27p method to kill patio weeds - ‘works quickly’ [INSIGHT] To do this, mix two parts of salt and one part of water. This works best in a spray bottle which can then be sorted onto the leaves, stem and around the roots. Goodgardn added: "Make sure that you do not spray too much, then the salt water might attack other plants." After 10 days of spraying, you will be able to clear the brambles out of your garden. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The alternative to salt, especially if the bramble bush has grown in size, is to pull them out by hand. According to the experts, this will "prevent the brambles from spreading". However, it is vital you pull out the entire plant, including its roots.