Manchester United's new boss Erik ten Hag has a huge rebuilding job on his hands this summer with a plethora of the club's stars set to leave for cut-price fees or on free transfers. The Red Devils have been linked with a host of Europe's top stars after it was confirmed that Ten Hag would join the club, with N'Golo Kante being one of those tipped for a move to Old Trafford. Express Sport takes a look at their potential XI should the Frenchman make the move to the Theatre of Dreams. Goalkeeper: De Gea David de Gea has been a mainstay in United's side ever since his move to the north west 11 years ago. The Spaniard has made over 480 appearances for the club and is likely to reach his half-ton at the start of next season. Dean Henderson is the other option to start between the sticks, although his poor showings towards the tail-end of last season and De Gea's influence have seen him stagnate as such. And De Gea could well see the start of yet another era without Sir Alex Ferguson with a new man in the dugout. Defence: Timber, Maguire, Varane, Shaw Aaron Wan-Bissaka has long been touted as the weak link in United's back four, and Ten Hag's preference to play out from the back could be highlighted by dropping the star from the line-up. Ajax's Jurrien Timber has been linked since, and his attacking presence could be well-needed at Old Trafford. Elsewhere, Harry Maguire could be set to continue as the leader at the back alongside Raphael Varane's athleticism. And Luke Shaw will likely be preferred over Alex Telles upon his return from injury. Midfield: Kante, De Jong, Fernandes Kante has been one of Chelsea's most consistent performers since his move six years ago, and would be a revelation in the United midfield. The star is reportedly a target for United and could make a move with Tuchel set to sign a younger midfielder in his place. He could well be joined by Frenkie de Jong, who has also been linked with a move to United with his former manager set to make the switch in pre-season. And Bruno Fernandes should keep his spot, who still remains one of United's best players despite faltering so far this season Attack: Sancho, Ronaldo, Rashford Jadon Sancho has come into his own recently, and could benefit from an attacking system under Ten Hag. He will be joined by Cristiano Ronaldo, who has hinted that he could yet stay at Old Trafford despite failure to qualify for the Champions League. On the wings, options including Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Anthony Elanga are all available to the Dutchman. And with Rashford set to stay and learn from a long-term coach, he will likely get the nod.