LL Cool J has been in NCIS Los Angeles as Agent Sam Hanna from the very beginning, working closely alongside friend and colleague Agent Callen (played by Chris O'Donnell). He was left heartbroken when his wife Michelle (Aunjanue Ellis) was murdered during a kidnapping back in season eight and has struggled a lot with moving on in the CBS police procedural. But everything changed for him when Sam met Katherine Casillas (Moon Bloodgood) in season 11. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles.When the team are sent to investigate the theft of a painting worth $40 million which was being sold on the black market to fund terrorist activities, Sam and Callen meet insurance broken Katherine at the crime scene. Sam and Katherine seem to hit it off straight away but nothing happens between them until their second meeting during another investigation. He wasn't entirely sure if he could trust Katherine due to some questionable connections in the criminal world but it turned out she had no knowledge or involvement in their work. Once this was cleared up, Sam and Katherine went on their first date and their relationship continued to go strong throughout season 12. READ MORE: Eurovision semi-final 2022: Serbia’s Konstrakta causes stir LL Cool J is married to entrepreneur and fashionista Simone I Smith and has been for the past 27 years. They both grew up in Queens, New York and dated for eight years before tying the knot in 1995. The rapper has previously opened up about how he met his beloved wife, explaining that it was a chance meeting. When their paths first crossed, 19-year-old LL Cool J had already started establishing his successful career. “It was Easter and I was driving down the block in my mother’s car," LL Cool J said on Jimmy Kimmel Live. He revealed that he stopped his car to say hello to a friend who asked if he wanted to meet his cousin. He was at first hesitant to go but when he saw Smith for the first time, the NCIS LA star soon changed his mind. LL Cool J added: “I looked over and said, ‘Oh yeah, I’ll meet your cousin.'” DON'T MISS...'Don't know if that's true!' Mike Tindall rubbishes Jubilee plan claim [REACTION]Mike Tindall in candid admission about daughter Mia [EXPLAINER]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [CAST] Simone is the co-founder of Simone I. Smith Jewellery which originally started up in 2011. Her designs were inspired by her bone cancer diagnosis as, following surgery, her lollipop tattoo on her leg had altered. The change in her tattoo led to her signature lollipop pendant "A Sweet Touch of Hope". In 2018, Smith joined forces with singer and actress Mary J Blige for their jewellery line Sister Love. LL Cool J and Smith have four children together, son Najee, 32 and daughters Italia, 30, Samaria, 25, and Nina, 21. Their youngest daughter Nina is following in her dad's footsteps by working as an R&B singer, while the rest of their children have remained out of the spotlight. The famous couple now also have two grandchildren. NCIS Los Angeles season 12 is available to watch every Sunday on CBS and on Disney+ in the UK.