Mercury remains in Gemini until May 22, heightening communication and social interactions. As a result, according to Cafe Astrology, you are likely to feel "especially communicative, curious, and sociable" at this time. The astrology experts state: "Mercury rules Gemini and feels right at home in the sign. "We tend to take more pleasure in gaining a superficial knowledge of many subjects rather than dig deep into any one topic." You might also notice your mind hard at work, and now is a great time to spark up debates or interesting conversations. READ MORE: Horoscopes today - Russell Grant's star sign forecast for May 20 Cafe Astrology said: "When it comes to making a point or debating, we are especially astute while Mercury is in Gemini. "We are attracted to wordplays, puns, and negotiations, and we’re easily distracted. "It’s a time when we’re more interested in trivia, information tidbits, and detached observations." DON'T MISSHow to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods [EXPLAINER]May 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign this month? [REVEALED]Horoscopes & love: Leo to hold off with romantic actions [INSIGHT] You may find that you are flexible and quick to grasp topics. At the same time, a Sun conjunct Mercury transit is in place, lasting until Sunday. According to Astrology King, this will increase your focus on "thinking, communications and short-distance travel". The experts said: "Expect an increase in personal interaction in your neighbourhood, with siblings, schools, and over the internet. "So this will be a busy time new information to process and decisions to make." Venus remains in Aries until May 28, sparking spontaneous romantic interactions and direct communication. Cafe Astrology said: "The chase is very exciting to us under this fiery influence. "We are bold, fresh, and a little impatient when it comes to matters of the heart. " We don’t look back with Aries energy. "We are not interested in saying sorry or dwelling on the past–it’s a brand new day. "It’s time to make things work right now." During this time, you may also gravitate to pleasures, pastimes and objects of interest. However, you might also act impulsively, especially when it comes to money.