As Dan Walker’s colleagues sent good luck messages ahead of his new role on Channel 5, his BBC Breakfast co-star Carol Kirkwood joked she wasn’t a fan of his when he first joined the team. The weather presenter had prepared a poem for Dan’s final show and in it, she begged him not to leave after they became firm friends. Carol began: “Dan, I cannot believe you are leaving. You know, Dan’s been with us for many a year. “When we first heard he was coming, it filled us with fear. “But how wrong were we, and I say this with glee, he’s been an absolute superstar and we’ll miss him terribly.” The video then cut to a clip of Dan saying goodbye to Carol before she was pulled over by a dog during one of her many segments. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle The meteorologist continued her message: “Dan, don’t go! Just stay. We love you. “It’s been such a joy working with you and a privilege and I’ve learned from you as well. “But I wish you well, and make sure you stay in touch. Lots of love!” Of course, Carol wasn’t the only one to send a farewell message to Dan. Rugby league legend Rob Burrows jibed at the host’s move, joking he is only leaving the BBC for the money. He teased: “Hi Dan, I’m sure you are well, especially with your new pay packet for the new job. “I’m not sure why you are leaving the number one breakfast show but money talks, eh mate! “If you must leave please promise me you will wear a suit and make sure your apartment smells of rich mahogany.” DON'T MISS...Dan Walker mocked over Channel 5 move ‘Money talks mate!’ [VIDEO]Dan Walker 'breaks rule of a lifetime' on final BBC Breakfast [LATEST]'End of an era' Sally Nugent speaks out on Dan Walker's last day [TRIBUTE] Those tuning in at home also took to Twitter to share their good luck messages. Vicki Fisher posted: “Dan Walker must be the nicest bloke on telly. Its a goodbye for him but hes saying how great everyone else is #BBCBreakfast.” Natalie Drury added: “#BBCBreakfast All the best to Dan Walker and his next chapter with @5_News.” “Emotional Farewell to beloved Dan... mornings just won't be the same Xx #BBCBreakfast @mrdanwalker,” Sally Price tweeted. “@mrdanwalker Will miss you Dan. You have been the best thing about #BBCBreakfast,” @Brummie_K shared. Susan Sharp tweeted: “The world needs more Dan Walkers! #BBCBreakfast.” “Sad to see you go Dan - thank you for your great presenting and good luck in your future #BBCBreakfast,” Juliet Barnett posted. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.