Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti was spotted doing a hilarious dance alongside Vinicius Jr after Los Blancos won the La Liga title on Saturday. The Spanish giants cruised to a 4-0 win over Espanyol, with Rodrygo scoring twice and Marco Asensio and Karim Benzema also on target. And it means they’ve now won the famous trophy a remarkable 35 times throughout their history. Real Madrid warmed up for their crunch Champions League clash with Manchester City on Wednesday night by putting Espanyol to the sword. And Ancelotti, his players and other staff members then travelled through Madrid on an open top bus in order to celebrate. During these moments, footage then emerged of Ancelotti hilariously dancing with Vinicius Jr. The Italian had a smile on his face and his hands outstretched as he jived, with Eder Militao visibly delighted. Ancelotti had every reason to be happy, having made history with Real’s La Liga triumph. It means the 62-year-old has now won titles in England, Spain, France, Italy and Germany - which is something no other person has done. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ancelotti won his first title with AC Milan back in 2004 before going on to steer Chelsea to Premier League glory six years later. He won Ligue 1 with Paris Saint-Germain in 2013 before adding the Bundesliga to his collection in 2017. And, in his second stint with Real, he’s now been able to secure the biggest trophy in Spain. Meanwhile, Florentino Perez has opened up on what Ancelotti initially said when he was offered the Madrid job back in the summer. The Italian was working at Everton when he received the chance to head back to the Bernabeu. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Perez said: "Maybe [Ancelotti didn't expect the job offer]. “As soon as we called him he said 'I'm running', that's what he said. "He has a lot of experience in coaching squads and there is always someone who criticises something. “But his identification with Real Madrid is great, with our values and with what we represent, and that is important in a coach. "Talking to him in the last few days, he told me that he has coached many teams and he says that the difference is that at Real Madrid the players are fans of the club, and that is a plus." Casemiro also spoke out after Real won La Liga. And he insisted his goal in the 2-0 win over Getafe earlier this month wasn’t necessarily a big factor. “It’s a perfect job from the whole year,” he said. “That’s how you win leagues, with a lot of work and regularity. “That’s the most important thing. La Liga is always the most difficult, that’s why we are the greatest and we have 35. “We have to enjoy because it isn’t easy winning. “The league is won game by game, not just with my goal. To win leagues you have to have a squad and that’s the key. Even if you lose a match, you can’t relax; even if you win, you have to keep adding points. “The great virtue of winning La Liga is adding [points] and never relaxing.” On a message for the fans, he continued: “Two years ago we won the league and we couldn’t enjoy it with them. “Enjoy it. We are going to Cibeles to enjoy it. “We cannot enjoy it a lot because on Wednesday another important match comes, but we have to enjoy it. Now that we can celebrate together, we have to do so.”