Professor David Alexander says that preparing for a nuclear disaster is “entirely futile” and that the correct response to an attack is to “wait for the end”. He also said tactical nuclear weapons used in Ukraine would likely damage other parts of Europe with radioactive fallout. Dr Alexander works at the Institute for Risk and Disaster Reduction at University College London. He said: “The correct response to an exchange of nuclear weapons is to procure a bottle of whisky and a lock and chain. Chain yourself to the railings, drink the whisky and wait for the end. “More seriously, during the Cold War, much thought, effort and expenditure was lavished on preparing for the aftermath of a thermo-nuclear exchange. “In my opinion, the preparations were entirely futile. Even if a limited number of people could shelter in a deep-level bunker, what would they do when they came out to find that the food chain and most other life-support systems had irretrievably collapsed?” After the fall of the Soviet Union, these limited bunkers became largely disused and nothing functional has replaced them, meaning that even the lucky few that would have got to bunkers during the Cold War may not be able to if Russia ordered a nuclear strike today.  Dr Alexander also claimed that the limited use of tactical nuclear weapons in Ukraine would present a danger to the rest of Europe. He said: The direct effect on the rest of Europe would depend on the winds that prevailed at the time. Due to prevailing atmospheric circulation patterns, Italy and the Balkans would be particularly at risk of wind-blown radioactive fallout.” The use of tactical nukes would be a gamble for Russia, as NATO’s reaction might be unpredictable to the Kremlin. He said: “No one outside the organisation knows how NATO would react to such an eventuality.” READ MORE: Russian colonel admits military doesn't have more 'pilots or planes'  Prof Alexander noted that the use of nukes would result in catastrophic destruction, and that the doctrine of Mutually Assured Destruction (MAD) was alive and well. He said: “It may cross the minds of those in the Kremlin that there is probably no such thing as a limited nuclear war in this day and age. Therefore a major nuclear strike is automatically doomed to failure.” The risk of nuclear disaster is not limited to a nuclear exchange. With Russia moving troops and firing artillery in the areas surrounding nuclear power plants, there is a fear of a new Chornobyl style disaster. Dr Alexander said: “We have to hope that Russia’s indiscriminate bombing does not cause another Chornobyl, which it might if a bomb were to score a direct hit on one of Ukraine’s 15 nuclear reactors.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: 'No way out' Biden slams Putin [LIVE]Russian troops WIPE OUT own unit in friendly fire fiasco [REPORT]Ukrainian soldier films his burning shelter as bomb drops [VIDEO]  Russian President Vladimir Putin has used increasingly hostile rhetoric and thinly veiled threats to the West regarding Russia’s nuclear arsenal, which is the largest in the world. There are fears that as Russia suffers higher casualties for fewer gains in Ukraine, Putin may see the use of tactical nukes as the only way to change the situation on the ground. According to Dr Alexander, a NATO general estimated the chance that nuclear weapons would be used in the conflict as 20 percent. He added: “Whether a first strike would lead to an all-out nuclear exchange, I simply do not know. I recently had dinner with a survivor of the Hiroshima bomb. “It was a sobering experience. He has devoted his long life to campaigning for nuclear peace. Never have his services been so sorely needed.” 