A Jeremy Vine caller has left the show's panel gasping in shock after suggesting former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn should replace the Queen as head of state when the monarch dies. An audible gasp could be heard when the caller, Geoff from East Sussex, backed the idea of a 'President Corbyn' to take over in the event the British monarchy was abolished in favour of a republic. Geoff told Jeremy Vine: "I live in the People's Republic of Sussex, we want no monarchy whatsoever, get rid of the lot of them. "Let's also get rid of the House of Lords too we will have a senate instead. Vine replied: "You're saying that you would keep the Queen until she dies and then you scrap the lot is that right?" Geoff replied: "Absolutely, okay I mean she can retire now anyway." The host continued: "Yeah I mean, what's the reason for this, Geoff?" "I'm a Republican," replied the caller. He added: "I don't want a monarchy I am a citizen, I am not a subject" Vine suggested an elected head of state could see the likes of the businessman and TV personality Alan Sugar being elected.  He asked: "Would you not end up with some of the like, I mean, you wouldn't have President Trump in this country, but you might get President Sugar?" Geoff's answer triggered a loud gasp from the panel, as he said: "Well, I don't see why Jeremy Corbyn" Vine pressed the caller: "President Corbyn, you're happy with that okay, Would President Corbyn live in Buckingham Palace?" "Now we will make Buckingham Palace a comprehensive school," replied the caller. DON'T MISS Susanna Reid blasted by GMB fans over Keir Starmer beergate U-turn [VIDEO]GB News: 'Slippery' Starmer torn apart by Beergate resignation vow [INSIGHT]Boris pledges to end cost-of-living squeeze boosting economic growth [ANALYSIS] Mr Corbyn is known to hold strong anti-monarchist views with the former Labour leader having previously backed the idea of an elected head of state for the UK In an interview aired on GMTV in 2001, Mr Corbynsaid: "I think it’s time that we just moved on and said, when the Queen completes her reign, wouldn’t that be an appropriate time to call it a day and have an elected Head of State. "A large majority of Labour MPs would like to see a change in the attitude of the monarchy and the way the Royal Family operates." The 72-year-old leftwinger's views on the royals have not been adopted by his successor with Labour's Sir Keir Starmer moving the party firmly back behind supporting the monarchy. 