The former student at Canterbury Christ Church University started using UniTaskr in September 2020 whilst in between studies, completing her first task a day after downloading the app. She was struggling to find part-time jobs with a baby on the way when she found out about UniTaskr on TikTok.  UniTaskr connects students with businesses or people that require their skills, which could be anything from mowing a lawn to handling business accounts. Megan was even able to land a work from home role through the app, earning £1,190 per month alongside roughly £600 for ambassador programmes and SHOUT tasks on the app. She shared: “I was able to put money aside for savings, I now rent my own property in a new area with my daughter and pay my bills with the money I earn as well as purchasing a late-2020 plate car last year! "I would never have been able to comfortably live alone with a child without UniTaskr or be able to treat her to things like days out, new clothes, and toys.” Megan told Express.co.uk what she would like other potential UniTaskrs to hear: “I would say to anyone, that it isn’t too good to be true, it really is just that good and to trust it!  "I would recommend applying to all of the tasks, making sure you meet the requirements of them to give yourself a better opportunity, and not be disheartened if you do not get hired for everything as there are so many students!” Co-founders Joseph Black and Oliver Jacobs were second year university students when they started what would become a six figure business with plans to change the lives of students around the world. The founding pair noticed in despair how many of their peers had to leave their education behind because of the cost and were determined to help others avoid the same fate. Now, UniTaskr is edging towards the £1million milestone before the duo hit their late twenties. Currently, university fees cost £9,250 each year, and while some are fortunate enough to handle the burden, others don’t have a choice. Mr Black shared exclusively with Express.co.uk: “At the time we had a lot of friends who were struggling financially. Unfortunately, a number of our friends had to leave University because they couldn’t afford the costs, they weren’t necessarily in the position where their parents could support them. We started looking at how we could build a platform for students where they can utilise their skillsets, build experience and prevent other students from having to go through that.” The first version of UniTaskr, then named Unidosh, was born right in the pair's dorm room, although neither had intentions of building a multinational million pound company. In fact, Mr Black had been studying animal behaviour after a gap year in South Africa whilst Mr Jacobs studied architecture. Mr Black shared that it’s not just income they’re providing students: “It’s a shame that they have to work to support themselves but it’s also a good thing to get them work experience in the right place. “We’re giving them that hard to build experience so when they graduate they can go into their sector of choice. We’re not talking about flexible bar jobs, we’ll have social media marketers that are studying marketing and are able to manage business’s social profiles. We give students the platform whereby they can actually build that experience. That’s actually useful.”  Mr Jacob added: “We’re providing them jobs that are actually worthwhile for them rather than working in a shop or a bar. If they’re an English language student they can do blog writing tasks, if they’re a design student they can do design tasks, it’s completely focused on what they’re learning and the skills they’re developing on their course.” Mr Jacob noted that task earnings can range from £2 to £2,000, offering students the opportunity to potentially pay for their studies and exit university without student debt and with invaluable experience. Mr Black added that university is not just purely about the academics, highlighting how people learn by doing and being thrown in the deep end. He said: “You do learn a lot of life skills in university outside of the academic side like how to cook and clean for yourself. It was a big learning chapter for many people but it shouldn’t necessarily cost as much to learn these things.” Experience is often hailed as a better teacher than books, a statement Mr Black backed up when explaining the first few tasks on UniTaskr.  He said: “When we first launched, Oli and I covered most of the tasks ourselves, between us we covered most of the categories. So I was going off and doing haircuts and going into people’s gardens to clean their windows. We were students! “We went to go mow this lady’s grass but we didn’t have a lawnmower so we actually had to buy a lawnmower on the way to her house! It’s adding to the overall experience for the student. We really do want to position ourselves in the centre of the student community.” A current Swansea University student in her final year of Media and Communication studies, Anisha started using UniTaskr in September 2020 after moving from London to Wales. Since then, Anisha has earned £1,131.41 from 119 tasks and noted she’s been able to treat herself. She said: “I’ve definitely been able to treat myself a bit more at uni with takeaways and new jewellery which feels rewarding! Also, I have been able to gain more exposure in the digital marketing world through the experience with UniTaskr and realised that it was actually something I wanted to go into after a few months of joining the app. “I have received four digital marketing certificates thanks to UniTaskr, and have also been able to find other part-time social media jobs with a monthly income through the app!” 