Newcastle United are poised to open talks to extend Eddie Howe's contract - just days after a report claimed that Jose Mourinho was in the frame to take over at St.James' Park. Howe has worked wonders to guide the Magpies to Premier League safety since he arriving on Tyneside back in November. Newcastle's new owners turned to the former Bournemouth chief shortly after completing the £305million deal to purchase the club in a bid to stave off the threat of relegation; something the 44-year-old has achieved in style after bagging 11 wins in 17 matches since mid-January. And Howe is set to be rewarded with a new long-term contract, according to a new report from The Daily Mail. They claim that Howe and club will thrash out terms in the summer to extend the head coach's current deal, which still has two years left to run. Howe has struck up a good relationship with co-owners Amanda Staveley and her husband Mehrdad Ghodoussi, who are conscious that his excellent work at the club is likely to attract suitors from elsewhere. READ MORE: Man Utd reach conclusion after ‘investigating’ leaks under Ralf Rangnick The Newcastle chief - who was shortlisted for the Premier League's Manager of the Year award after masterminding Newcastle's survival bid - is set to be joined in Newcastle by his wife and three children, who will relocate from the south coast in the coming months. And after laughing off reports linking Mourinho to his job, Howe stressed earlier this week that he sees his long-term future at St.James' Park - and that he and the club hierarchy are on the same page with their ambitious vision for the future. Howe said: “People are going to get linked with the job. I have no issue with that. People talk. All I can do while I am here is do my best every day." When he was pushed on whether or not Mourinho would get his job, Howe quipped: “Well, I hope not!” DON'T MISS...Tottenham target Paulo Dybala 'asking about living in London'Tottenham target welcomes interest but Chelsea also keen - 'I'm glad'Arsenal meltdown put down to five reasons as Gunners compared to Spurs Howe went on to discuss his long-term vision for the club, adding: “The vision is a long-term vision. It's not the next two or three years - it's I believe the next five-to-eight years. Not overnight, no. There has to be realistic expectations on what we can spend. Our income at the moment as a football club isn't as big as we want it to be in the future, so that impacts our ability to spend. "It doesn't mean we can't improve the squad, but it'll have to be bit by bit, it can't be an overnight thing, and that's due to the fact we need to expand revenue streams. I’ve always had the mindset that you’ve got to be creative and not moan or whinge at what you’re given. I’ve always had the mindset of getting the best out of what we have and find a way to be successful with it. "It's difficult for me to speak on their behalf of anyone else but I think there are big ambitions, but those ambitions are in the future. And I think where the lines seem to get blurred a little bit sometimes is when they want to achieve success, and for it to be now. And we do, of course, as quickly as possible.”