Mercedes has plans to bring new upgrades to the Monaco Grand Prix in a bid to further close the gap to title rivals Ferrari and Red Bull. Andrew Shovlin, the team's trackside engineering director, has revealed they has some new ‘parts in the pipeline’ for the next Grand Prix. Mercedes appeared closer to the frontrunners all weekend in an ‘encouraging’ sign for the team. However, on Sunday, they seemed to lack the race pace of Red Bull, who were able to switch strategies to get both cars ahead of George Russell. But, earlier in the weekend the team had stressed they had focussed on fixing the cars porpoising issues and not on any further performance gains. It appears as if the first of these developments will come as early as next week in a bid to give Russell and Lewis Hamilton a car capable of fighting for wins and maybe even the title. Shovlin said: “The most encouraging thing is the improvement in pace that we have seen this weekend; a lot of hard work has gone into understanding the issues and bringing parts to the track for this race. READ MORE: Toto Wolff sends message to Lewis Hamilton and George Russell “We can now see a route to develop our way out of this and back into a position where we can fight for pole and wins. “We've got some unusual tracks coming up, starting with Monaco where we need to focus more on low-speed performance but we've got some parts in the pipeline that can hopefully help in that regard. “After some tough months in Brackley and Brixworth, it was great to feel like we were racing again, we're determined to be part of the battle for these championships and today has given us belief that we can do just that." Charles Leclerc’s shock retirement halfway through the race saw Max Verstappen take the championship lead. DON'T MISSWolff explains why Mercedes defied Hamilton request during Spanish GP [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton opens up on 'horrible feeling' in Spanish GP [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton offers to quit Spanish Grand Prix after incident [ANALYSIS] However, it has also brought Russell further into play, cutting a 45 points deficit before the race to just 36. Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff also stressed the team had ideas in place to close the gap to the leaders. He said: "The weekend was better than expected because I am always pessimistic about things. We've moved clear from the midfield, at least in Barcelona, and caught up half a second to the front runners - we were a second off and now it's half a second. “We unlocked the potential of the car by tweaking things on the stops and so today was the most valuable race for us to compare the two cars, across setups and tyres. Our understanding took a big step forward and there's definitely more to come."