Hanging baskets are a beautiful way to add a pop of colour to your garden, or some pretty flowers next to your front door. However, if they are watered too much or not enough, the blooms will soon fade. Jason VanderMay, an expert for West Coast Gardens with "over 20 years" of experience tending to hanging baskets said: "Nothing creates a better summer front door or patio look than gorgeous hanging baskets, overflowing with bright blooms and foliage. "However, once it's hung and admired by you and the neighbours, you have to start thinking about how to take care of your new hanging basket, especially when asking the question: 'How much water do my hanging baskets need?'" According to the expert, the time of day you choose to water your flowers could have a major impact on their life span. READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods He said: "Your hanging basket is a thirsty little fellow, and he's going to need a lot of water to survive those hot summer days. "On average, an established 12-inch or 14-inch hanging basket will need one gallon of water every time you water it." In cooler temperatures, your flowers may only need watering once a day, but as the thermometer begins to rise, you might need to increase watering to twice daily. DON'T MISSHow to grow perfect rhubarb: Mark Lane's expert guide - scatter manure [INTERVIEW]Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove weeds from paving with 30p hack [COMMENT]‘Easy’ ways to keep pests away from your plants using household hacks [INSIGHT] Mr VanderMay said: "Watering in the evening is definitely not appreciated, as plants hate going to bed with wet roots." Instead, the best time of day to water your flowers is between 5am and 9am. The expert explained: "This ensures that your plants have enough moisture and can stay hydrated through the hottest hours of the day." If your local area is experiencing a particularly hot spell, Mr VanderMay recommended watering them a second time between 4pm and 5pm, though he warned the task should be carried out no later than that. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He added: "New hanging baskets that have just been planted up will need less water. "In fact, you only want to use about half the volume of the pot rather than flooding the soil." The best way to tell if your hanging basket needs water is to check its soil. Hanging basket soil should be moist most of the time. A good way to make sure you have watered it enough is to observe if it is dripping from below once you have finished watering. According to Mr VanderMay: "You should see at least 10 percent of the water drain out of the bottom of the pot so that you know for sure it's reached all the way through the soil."