Liverpool fans inside Anfield celebrated a 'third' Aston Villa goal at Manchester City - except Steven Gerrard's side had not found the net in what proved to be a truly bizarre moment amid the final day Premier League chaos. Tensions were high in the second half of both matches, particularly as Manchester City clawed back their two-goal deficit at the Etihad Stadium. Liverpool were level at 1-1 with Wolves when Mohamed Salah came off the bench to score his 23rd league goal of the campaign to put them in front. Yet the goal was arguably not celebrated as it should have been, with most inside the ground now aware that City were leading Villa 3-2 after three goals in five minutes from Ilkay Gundogan (2) and Rodri. However, news seemingly filtered through to the Anfield crowd that Villa had allegedly scored a late equaliser. It proved pockets of Anfield to erupt into ecstasy as Sky Sports cameras picked up Liverpool fans hugging each other and punching the air. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thanks Aston Villa during classy message to Man City Footage posted by Twitter user @CFC_Janty documented the moment, with the video captioned: "Someone scammed Anfield that Aston Villa made it 3-3 and Anfield went crazy." Unfortunately for Liverpool, the development was too good to be true as City hung on for all three points against Villa. In the meantime, Andy Robertson would put Liverpool 3-1 up on the afternoon but the Reds failed to get over the line - although they still have next weekend's Champions League final against Real Madrid to look forward to. When asked if the Liverpool players knew what was happening at the Etihad Stadium, Jordan Henderson admitted he found it hard to read the crowd's ever-changing reactions. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thanks Aston Villa during classy message to Man CityPremier League Golden Boot: Mohamed Salah and Son Heung-min share top goalscorer prizeEverton star Richarlison trolls Liverpool after final-day Premier League title agony "Not really. The crowd was cheering and stuff, yeah, but I didn't really know what the score was," he said after missing out on the title. "There were too many cheers from our fans and obviously the Wolves fans as well, so I sort of lost count if you like! "So, we just tried to focus on what we needed to do and win the game – and we managed to do that. As I said, we didn't play particularly well but we got the job done in the end." Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson, who won the Golden Glove award alongside his compatriot Ederson, also conceded it was hard to determine exactly what was happening in the game between Manchester City and Villa. "We couldn’t be too aware of things that were happening in their game," Alisson said. "We were really focused on our match. We heard the fans shouting and celebrating a few times, so we knew something had happened. We were really focused on doing our job. "We got the win and the points, but it wasn’t enough. We’re frustrated because we worked really hard to get the title, but we have to be really proud. Congratulations to Manchester City. "With 92 points you’d be champions in pretty much all the leagues in the world, but here you aren’t. Sometimes you have to do more. We’re not going to be negative and look at games where we dropped points. Every game in the Premier League is a fight, the standard is so high."