 Emmerdale actress Rosie Bentham, 20, has expressed her hopes of seeing the return of fellow soap actor Alex Lincoln, 28, in an interview with Express.co.uk and other outlets. Rosie plays Gabby Thomas on the show, while Alex portrays the father of her child, Jamie Tate.      While Jamie was presumed to be dead following a dreadful car accident, Gabby has since been given reason to believe the father of her son, Thomas Tate (Bertie Thomas Brotherton), is still alive. This month, viewers watched in fear as Gabby noticed a hooded figure lurking in the woods at Home Farm. We recently watched in horror as a paranoid Gabby went into the woods with a shotgun, shooting Will Taylor (Dean Andrews), after believing that a disguised Jamie was coming for her and their son. Asked if she would like to see the character of Jamie return, Rosie confirmed: “Yeah, I think it’s kind of been left as a little like, ‘What's going to happen?’ and I think it'd be really good. READ MORE: Paul O'Grady emotional after being forced to return his foster dog     “I'd love to see Alex back, you know, it’s good fun. “And it would be a lot of drama, which would be good, and he hasn't even met the baby yet. “So he needs to come back and be a dad,” she teased mysteriously. Speaking about the dramatic events that occurred during the infamous episode involving the shooting, Rosie shared: “Yeah, I was really excited about this week. It's something so different to stuff I've done before.      “There's a lot of scenes on my own which increase in the fear and paranoia, and I think it's going to really have the audience going: ‘Something's definitely going to happen’. “You know, it just goes up and up and up. But yeah, there's a lot of stuff that I have never done before.” Speaking about when she was first informed of the show’s new, experimental flash-forward episodes, Rosie admitted she “could not wait” to see how it all turned out. “I mean, hearing about the other bits going on reading the scripts, I was like, ‘I don't know how they're gonna do all this,’ she remembered. READ MORE... John Cleese accuses BBC of 'deceptive' and 'dishonest' interview [LATEST] Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [NEWS] Catherine Zeta-Jones' emotional tribute as son Dylan, 21, graduates [NEWS]      “It’s so, so good with the stunts and everything. And the way the story is intertwined with the flashbacks and things like that. Yeah, I can't wait to see it when it first comes out.” Rosie also reflected on how her character Gabby was “terrified” of Jamie. “Jamie coming back would kick off a lot of drama,” she said. “There could be a custody battle for Thomas.” She also hinted viewers could see Gabby’s “nasty side” in that scenario, as protecting her child may bring out her “fight or flight mode”.     During the interview, Gabby was also asked what it was like working with a baby on set. “Yeah, it’s been really nice,” she confirmed. “We’ve got little Bertie on set and, yeah, he's adorable. “He's not actually cried yet, which is amazing. But yeah, it's really nice working with a kid.” Emmerdale continues at 7pm tonight on ITV.   