  Countdown star Rachel Riley, 36, has reiterated her opinion on Johnny Depp, 58, after previously sharing criticism of the Pirates of the Caribbean actor online. The star took to social media once more today to double down on her belief that Depp “cannot be defended”, despite fans disagreeing as they watch the legal action against his ex-wife Amber Heard, 36, play out on camera.     Today, Rachel returned to Twitter to share an excerpt of a previous ruling from the UK’s High Court of Justice, Queen’s Bench Division. Addressing her 696,500 followers, she wrote: “Extracts of the 129 page judgement (link in next tweet) in the legal case Depp already lost. “Left the description, right the judge’s assessment of it. “I still don’t understand how anyone can defend this man. READ MORE: Richard Gere, 72, looks loved up with third wife Alejandra Silva, 39      “This trial is post separation abuse on an enormous scale,” she added. Also attached was a video clip reposted by Twitter user Ivana Escalera. The video was labelled: “The court hears how Johnny Depp sexually assaulted Amber Heard. #IStandWithAmberHeard.” Rachel’s followers took to the comments section to share their views on the matter.     Andrew Williams disagreed, writing: “I don't understand how anyone can be on Heard’s side but there ya go.” (sic) Mr H added: “It's very unfortunate that you've chosen the side of an abuser here. Genuinely had a higher opinion of you until now.” While A1 agreed with Rachel, penning: “It goes to show how effective his PR campaign has been. He lost his lawsuit against NGN when he had the advantage... "Yet still people think he's innocent. Incredible.” READ MORE... Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [UPDATE] Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [NEWS] Andrea McLean watches Met Gala from afar as she turns up uninvited [LATEST]      Rachel’s new tweet comes after she shared a Twitter thread last week that was also in support of Heard. “This thread, 1000 times over,” she began. “There has already been a judgement (so detailed it’s 129 pages long) showing Depp to be a monster.” “This is one of his own messages in evidence,” she added. “How so many people can help him abuse his victim now is completely sickening.      “I can only imagine anyone defending him has not read this judgement, and hopes no one else has either. “Here’s the link. No one in their right mind could defend this man,” she wrote, adding a link to the previous court ruling. Depp is currently in the process of suing Heard in a $50 million libel case over an article she wrote in The Washington Post in 2018, claiming to be a domestic violence survivor, as he says he was the implied abuser and that it destroyed his career. Heard is also counter-suing her ex-husband for $100 million and the case is expected to last around six weeks. Johnny Depp denies all allegations of abuse. 