Doubt has been cast on whether Harry will appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace with his wife Meghan Markle and the rest of the Royal Family this summer. The pair were invited to join the Firm to celebrate the Queen's landmark Platinum Jubilee after they made a secret visit to see Her Majesty in April before heading to The Hague in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. But Harry may miss out on the historical event after it was announced on Wednesday that he could play polo alongside his Los Padres teammates in California until Mid-June. If true, this would see Harry potentially compete in the Cheval Athletics USPA Intra-Circuit which starts the same weekend as the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee events. While Harry and Meghan's recent visit to see the Queen was only brief, they did manage to meet with Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. They did not, however, reunite with Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, as the pair were on a skiing holiday with their children. The last time Harry and William met was to unveil a statue of their late mother Diana, Princess of Wales, in July last year. Many royal watchers suggest that their relationship has not yet been repaired since Harry and Meghan tumbled out of the Royal Family in 2020 and went on to speak of their trials and tribulations to figures like US host Oprah Winfrey on an international level. Experts have since attempted to pinpoint the exact moment that signalled that relations between Harry and Meghan and the rest of the Firm had taken a turn for the worse. Many have struggled to do this, saying a series of events were to blame for the eventual fallout. But others have argued that a souring of relations can be found in a smaller-scale feud between Harry and William that soon snowballed into a family-wide squabble, something that was explored during Channel 5's documentary, 'Royals at War'. JUST IN: Princess Charlotte's birthday gift to draw her closer to Queen During the programme, several royal experts claimed that the now-infamous moment ‒ when William is said to have cautioned Harry not to move too fast in his relationship with Meghan ‒ marked the moment that things spiralled out of control. Several months into dating Meghan, William sat down with his brother and urged him to take things slowly in their relationship, but Harry reportedly took offence at the suggestion. Carole Malone, a broadcaster, said: "The biggest cause of their so-called rift was that Will tried to warn Harry when he met Meghan not to rush into it — he'd only known her for less than a year when they got engaged. "He sat him down and told him to take a little bit slower, not to run at it." Ingrid Seward, editor of Majesty Magazine, claimed: "It was all so quick that William and Kate didn't get a moment to get to know Meghan because Harry hardly knew Meghan." And Emily Andrews, a royal author, added: "As I was told by a number of sources, he went ballistic and said ‘you're trying to wreck this relationship before it even started’." DON'T MISS Crown Princess Victoria wows in 'bold' £465 By Malina coral pantsuit [REPORT] Meghan Markle's Netflix 'blow' sparks questions over Sussexes' return [INSIGHT] We should abolish the monarchy, say one in four Britons [ANALYSIS] Later, Katie Nicholl, another royal author, claimed that it was this moment that their relationship "changed". She said: "And that was the moment ‒ I was told by sources very close to the brothers ‒ that the dynamic changed, that there was a shift, and it was largely down to Harry resenting his brother." She offered her opinion on why Harry was so angry at the event, saying: "He supported William from the outset of his relationship with Kate and he felt very let down that he wasn't getting his brother’s full, 100 percent support with the relationship with Meghan – and things changed." Various reports of a drama unfolding between Meghan and Kate abounded, but were later deemed fictitious, with Cosmopolitan describing the suggestions as "ridiculous". In 2018, the Daily Telegraph's Camilla Tominey spoke to a royal insider who claimed that Kate was "left in tears" by Meghan "following a bridesmaids dress fitting for Princess Charlotte". Meghan herself later dismissed these reports and claimed the “reverse happened” during her interview with Oprah. Ms Tominey, however, told This Morning last year that she stood by her report, and when asked whether she thought Meghan denying the report had been a lie, said: "No, but I think like any story maybe it was more nuanced. When I originally reported it, I said Kate was left in tears and I said I was confused, like what had happened here? But I did get it well-sourced and I’ve subsequently received messages saying that story was accurate.” Shortly after the claims of a feud between the Duchesses emerged, Ms Nicholl dropped the bombshell report that it was in fact Harry and William who were not getting along. Many watchers then suggested the two women were simply siding with their partners. According to Ms Nicholl's source, relations between the brothers took a defining turn around Christmas 2018, when Harry is said to have told William he wasn't doing enough to include Meghan in the Royal Family. The source told Ms Nicholl for Vanity Fair: "Harry felt William wasn’t rolling out the red carpet for Meghan and told him so. "They had a bit of a fallout, which was only resolved when Charles stepped in and asked William to make an effort. "That’s when the Cambridges invited the Sussexes to spend Christmas with them." Ms Nicholl later claimed: "I don’t know that things will ever be the way they were between William and Harry." Further symbolic gestures afterwards hinted at a burgeoning separation. In June 2019, for example, Meghan and Harry officially split from the joint charity they shared with Kate and William. Cosmopolitan claimed: "It was honestly just a logistical decision and had nothing to do with drama." But it did not stop many from reading it as being part of the 'feud'. In the same month, claims were made that Harry and William weren't speaking before Archie's birth, after Ms Nicholl told ET: "I was told by a very senior royal source that actually they weren’t talking to each other at one point. "I certainly think now that Archie is here, it has probably really helped to improve the relationship. William is over the moon that his brother is a dad." Harry and Meghan have since gone on to have a second child, Lilibet, who the Queen, Charles and William have not yet met in person.