Valeria Liukovych, 31, told the Daily Record how she had brought her child, husband and severely disabled father to be with her mother, Tamara, to the UK in the hopes of escaping awful conditions. But the council flat they were given in Rutherglen, near Glasgow, was a filthy pit with dirt everywhere and even had a nappy resting in the fridge. She says the family have since had to squeeze in beside Tamara and her husband Stephen Ross instead of living out of the filthy flat offered to them on their arrival.  Stephen said: "After all they have been through, I could not have allowed them to stay their first night in filth. I was horrified when I opened the fridge and there was an old nappy in it, beside congealed milk and butter. "The freezer is full of dirty water with horrible bits floating in it and the cooker is disgusting. There are old sweet wrappers and crisps under the couch cushions. I am astounded no one thought to have the place cleaned before a family arrived here from a war." The two-bedroom apartment was assigned to Valeria, her daughter Mia, five, husband Ruslan and her stroke-victim father, Hennadiy, with stairs up to the building difficult for her father to climb.  The family fled their home in Zaporizhzhia, south-east Ukraine before Russian troops had captured the city's nuclear power plant, the largest in Europe. Valeria said: "The Scottish people have been so kind and we are grateful to them but it is so upsetting to find my family in a flat which is so filthy and my father will not cope with the steps. I did not expect a lot but I thought it would be clean. "I thank Scotland for giving us safety but this has been very sad and we are desperate to stay in East Kilbride because I really need to be close to my mother who will be so important in helping us rebuild our lives."  A spokesman for South Lanarkshire Council said: "We were alerted that the family were coming in under the Family Sponsor Scheme and would be presenting as homeless on a Sunday evening. "To try and help and to avoid the family having to present to our out-of-hours service, our homelessness team sourced suitable accommodation. We accept the fridge was not in a suitable condition and can only apologise for that." 