Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has reportedly approved the signing of Aberdeen right-back Calvin Ramsay. The 18-year-old could become the Reds’ second summer signing with a deal to sign Fulham youngster Fabio Carvalho in place and set to be officially announced very soon. Liverpool have been in fine form this season and could yet land a historic quadruple. But Klopp already appears to have one eye on the future and is desperate to bolster his squad in the coming months. And, according to The Athletic, the German approved the pursuit of Ramsay very quickly when the idea was presented to him. Klopp has one of the best right-backs in the world at his disposal in the form of Trent Alexander-Arnold, who has taken European football by storm over the last few years. But Ramsay is another attacking full-back who could reproduce Alexander-Arnold’s style of football when the England international is unavailable or is in need of a rest. Ramsay only made his Aberdeen debut at the end of the last campaign but has quickly risen through the ranks at Pittodrie and has become his side’s first-choice right-back this season. And he looks set to move on to bigger and better things. READ MORE: Liverpool fired Klopp warning as Reds advised to 'move on' from Salah The Merseyside club could face a transfer battle with Leeds to sign Ramsay as the Elland Road club are also said to be interested in the teenager. But the defender is ignoring all the transfer talk for now. “At one stage it seemed like there was something on Twitter or in the papers almost every day,” Ramsay said earlier this year as he addressed his future. “I tried not to get caught up in it because that’s the worst thing you can do. It’s good hearing all that stuff, but I’ve just got to produce on the pitch, then everything else will play itself out.”  Over the last year, Liverpool have only signed Ibrahima Konate and Luis Diaz. But they could set to welcome a whole host of new faces this summer, with Carvalho’s arrival said to be imminent. The 19-year-old was instrumental as he helped Fulham win the Championship earlier this month as the Cottagers cemented their place back in the top flight. And Fulham vice-chairman Tony Khan then let slip that a deal has already been agreed for the player to depart. “We have made a deal that is best for the club and, since that agreement, it's worked out wonderfully because he has been such a valuable part of the promotion,” Khan explained at the start of May. “He's a huge part of the squad and it's a massive loss.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here