Tomato growing season is well underway, with most plants already sown by April. However, if you've noticed your plant isn't coming on as nicely as you had hoped, the problem might have little to do with your care routine, and might actually be down to the position you planted it. Tomato plants need rich soil, enough water and plenty of sunshine in order to thrive. Therefore, it is a given that too much shade could be part of their demise. The Royal Horticultural Society recommended ensuring your tomatoes are planted either "outdoors in a sunny spot or in a greenhouse." This is because tomatoes are a "sub-tropical plant". READ MORE: 3 ‘natural scents’ to deter rats from your garden Experts from Quick Crop added: "This is especially important in most areas of the UK and Ireland where sunlight and warmth are at a premium even in mid-summer." However, it isn't just sunshine which determines the best location for a tomato plant. Ideally, gardeners should pick a sheltered spot where strong gusts won't harm plants. For added protection and extra warmth, you can plant them in a polytunnel. DON'T MISSAre there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [REVEAL]Homes Under the Hammer couple spend eye-watering £200k on project [INSIGHT]‘Easy’ and ‘inexpensive’ methods to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden bugs [COMMENT] Quick Crop said: "A position against a wall or fence will give a better chance of success as long as they can receive sufficient water; avoid hedges as the soil will be too dry. "Tomato plants also grow very well in raised beds, they appreciate the soil conditions which provide moisture without water-logging." Depending on when you sowed the tomato seeds, your harvest should be ready somewhere between July and September. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Tomato plants typically need to be watered once a day. But experts from Espoma explain: "As temperatures increase, you might need to water tomato plants twice a day." No matter how often you are watering your tomatoes, the main thing is that they are getting enough hydration. Garden tomatoes typically require one to two inches of water a week. Tomatoes grown in containers might need a little bit more water than those in the ground. This is because the soil in containers heats up faster, leading to more water evaporation.