Mould can be a nightmare for renters and homeowners alike - with the capability to destroy belongings, cause health issues and be a general nuisance. Express.co.uk spoke to Nicholas Donnithorne FLS FRES, UK Technical Services Manager at Rentokil Property Care about mould and the “easy way to fix” it. To begin, Nicholas explained how mould develops. He said: “Mould grows where liquid water and dampness are present for at least six hours, as this allows germination of spores. “These conditions are typically caused by condensation, which happens when warm moist air touches a colder surface. “Typical causes are a lack of heating, insulation or ventilation in a property. “Our own behaviour can create excess moisture due to everyday activities, such as showering and cooking. READ MORE: Why you should 'never ever' use fabric softener to wash towels “This moisture needs to escape, otherwise it can build-up in the property and condense on cold surfaces. “On average, a family of four will produce 14 litres - or 24 pints - of water vapour daily. “Dogs will also add to moisture vapour production as they can only control their temperature by panting. “This is often seen as condensation, for example if they are kept in a conservatory at night.” For anyone looking to get rid of mould, Nicholas said: “It’s vital to start with the root of the problem, so focus on reducing condensation in your home. DON'T MISS...‘Non-toxic’ 55p hack for cleaning your barbecue - ‘removes dirt’ [GUIDE]The property trend that can ‘hugely’ increase the value of your home [EXPERT]Homes Under the Hammer buyers make £200k profit [VIDEO] “The good news is that condensation can be easily fixed, mostly by making sure that rooms are well ventilated. “Make sure that you give warm, humid air in bathrooms and kitchens the chance to escape by closing doors whilst bathing/cooking and using extractor fans or opening windows and vents as much as possible. “Covering cooking pots with lids, avoiding drying clothes indoors, ensuring radiators are not blocked by furniture, and wiping down windows each morning can also help. “When doing so, make sure you wring the wet cloth out in the sink.” He continued: “Some people turn to dehumidifiers for a quick fix, but they quickly fill with water so are not as effective as they may seem. “When the weather is cold or wet, try to avoid DIY and cleaning projects that use water, as surfaces dry more slowly. “Now that the weather is starting to get drier and warmer, you can carry out tasks such as painting, decorating, mopping floors and cleaning windows in rooms where you can open a window. “If condensation is a recurring problem, you can also look at moisture-resistant paint. “It’s designed to withstand both moisture and steam - so it can be easier to wipe areas clean - but it will not stop moisture from forming in the first place if the surface is cold.” In terms of how long it takes to get rid of mould, the expert added: “DIY solutions can help to reduce mould and prevent further outbreaks in the short term. “But if you have a persistent case and need a long-term fix, you may need to call in the experts to improve the ventilation in your home.” When it comes to spotting mould in a potential future home, Nicholas advised: “Whilst mould itself doesn’t cause health issues - unless you’re very young, immunosuppressed or elderly - it does indicate that a property is probably too cold and poorly ventilated. “Damp problems can also lead to side effects such as unpleasant smells, dark stains on walls and surface damage to paintwork. “All of these can be warning signs for buyers. “So before you consider selling your property, make sure to take action and consult an expert to thoroughly check your property for any mould issues.”