For many Britons, it’s been a couple of years since they left the UK. Recently, passengers have faced lengthy queues at airport security as the industry deals with staff shortages. While some of the chaos is beyond tourists’ control, passengers could ensure a smooth security experience by following luggage guidelines. Passengers will need to carry liquids, aerosols and gels in containers of less than 100ml to pass through security. All the liquids should fit into one transparent, re-sealable 20x20cm bag. Passengers can carry a maximum of 1000ml through security. Tourists can’t bring liquids in containers larger than 100ml even if the bottle is less than half full. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free easyJet passengers can bring tweezers into the cabin as well as scissors with rounded ends and blades less than 6cm long. Razor blades will only be allowed if they are set in plastic. Knives with a blade of less than 6cm can be taken on board. Passengers can bring cigarettes in their cabin bag. However, they should check how many cigarettes they can bring to their destination. Lighters can be taken onboard the plane but must be carried in a pocket, while matches are not allowed. E-cigarettes can be brought onboard the plane with a maximum of two spare batteries but cannot travel in the hold. As most passengers will be aware, smoking is banned onboard planes. Passengers can take ashes in their cabin bag on an easyJet flight but must have a copy of the death certificate. They must also have a copy of the cremation certificate and the ashes must be stored in a suitable container. Passengers can bring alcohol onboard an easyJet flight but it must be unopened. Tourists will also not be able to take anything larger than 100ml through security so would need to buy it at duty free. Alcohol must be lower than 70 percent and packed in an airport shopping bag or a cabin bag. Passengers are not allowed to drink any alcohol onboard unless it was purchased on the plane. Passengers can bring their own food on an easyJet flight but should check importing rules if taking it abroad. Animals are not allowed on easyJet flights unless they are registered guide dogs or assistance dogs. Wedding dresses up to the size of 56x45x25cm can be brought onboard as cabin bag allowance. However, they will need to be placed in the overhead locker or under the seat in front so they could crease. Britons should check the latest hand luggage regulations with their airline before travelling to the airport.