Ms Warren, speaking outside the Supreme Court of the United States, passionately pledged to “fight back” against the draft ruling, which will hand back power to individual states to enact laws around abortion as they see fit. She claimed that while “wealthy women” will not be the victim of this U-turn, young women “who have been abused” and who are “already struggling” will be forced into potentially life-altering decisions.    Ms Warren told a crowd: “We are going to fight back! I am angry because of who will pay the price for this. “It will not be wealthy women. Wealthy women can get on an aeroplane. They can fly to another state; they can fly to another country. They can get the protection they need. “This will fall on the poorest women. This wall fall on the young women who have been abused, who are victims of incest. “This will fall on those who have been raped. This will fall on mothers who are already struggling to work three jobs to be able to support the children they already have. “Well I am here because I am angry, and I am here because the United States Congress can change all of this.”    US President Joe Biden spoke out against the draft ruling, which was leaked on Monday by the Politico website. He promised to work to codify the right to abortion into federal law, effectively overmining the Roe vs Wade reversal. He said: “I believe that a woman’s right to choose is fundamental,” before adding that more “pro-choice senators” were needed. He said: “It will fall on voters to elect pro-choice officials this November. At the federal level we will need more pro-choice senators and a pro-choice majority in the House to adopt legislation that codifies Roe, which I will work to pass and sign into law.” READ MORE: What is Roe v Wade? Trump hints at Supreme Court case overturn [INSIGHT]  The draft Supreme Court ruling, should it not be reconsidered, would overturn the Roe vs Wade 1973 decision that a pregnant woman’s choice over whether to have an abortion should be protected against excessive goverment restriction. A pro-choice research organisation said that it expected as many as 26 states, more than half of the country, to ban abortion if the Supreme Court decision is overruled. In 13 of those states, republican legislators have already passed “trigger laws” that would in effect immediately ban abortion following the case reversal. The draft was proposed by a Supreme Court emboldened by a six-to-three supermajority of conservative over libral judges, a disparity that came to fruition in the final weeks of Donald Trump’s presidential term. DON'T MISS: When pro-choice means no choice, says ANN WIDDECOMBE [OPINION] Death of UK democracy: Judges use EU laws to rule us STEPHEN POLLARD [OPINION] Abortion pill horror: 10k women needed treatment over side effects [REPORT]    Hilary Clinton, the former secretary of state, also decried the draft ruling, saying that it was an “utter disgrace.” She claimed it would be a “direct assault on the dignity, rights and lives of women, not to mention decades of settled law”. She added: “It will kill and subjugate women even as a vast majority of Americans think abortion should be legal. What an utter disgrace.” Nancy Pelosi, speaker of the house of representatives, said: “If the report is accurate, the Supreme Court is poised to inflict the greatest restriction of rights in the past 50 years — not just on women but on all Americans.”   