The takeover at Chelsea has finally been completed, and Thomas Tuchel is set to be given a £200million transfer budget to improve the side ahead of next season. Although it may sound like a lot, a 'large chunk' of that money could be set aside for one signing. Chelsea are set to prioritise the signing of Sevilla defender Jules Kounde, with a number of defensive stars leaving the club this summer.Due to the club being unable to operate as normal after former owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned, it contributed to Antonio Rudiger, Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta all nearing moves away from Stamford Bridge. And now Tuchel is left short of defensive options with Thiago Silva the only experienced choice.Youngster's Trevoh Chalobah and Malang Sarr are the main options remaining should the trio of defenders leave, making a centre-back a priority in the summer. And Chelsea are set to go all out for Kounde in the coming months. JUST IN: Chelsea wonderkid speaks out on future after Arsenal 'make contact' That's according to The Athletic, who have reported that Kounde will soak up a large portion of Chelsea's £200m budget that's been speculated by The Telegraph. But the budget is not a guaranteed sum, as it also depends on outgoings too.Chelsea tried to sign Kounde last summer, but the deal fell through after Sevilla increased their asking price for the Frenchman. The Blues thought they'd reached a deal for just below £50m, but the Spanish side then requested that they meet his £67m release clause instead. DON'T MISS Liverpool and Real Madrid players score 3/10 in French media's ratings Liverpool star Henderson was furious with Mane during UCL final defeat  Real Madrid's Thibaut Courtois sends classy message to Liverpool fans And Chelsea have been handed another blow, as Aston Villa have just announced the signing of Kounde's former defensive partner Diego Carlos, who has joined Steven Gerrard at Villa Park. Sevilla will be reluctant to let both defenders go, unless Chelsea pay up. So Tuchel will have to focus defensively, and rely on sales this summer to bring in any further signings. It wouldn't be too bad if Chelsea retained their squad depth, but their only major signing last summer has been somewhat of a disaster. Chelsea splashed £97.5m on Romelu Lukaku, as he was meant to be the main to make Tuchel's side the complete team. But after picking up an injury last year, and then conducting a controversial interview, his Stamford Bridge return has been a shambles.There are reports suggesting that Chelsea could even sell Lukaku just 12 months after bringing him back to the club, as the Belgian doesn't appear interested in rectifying his image. Thankfully for Chelsea, the form of Kai Havertz helped them qualify for the Champions League, as the German starred in Lukaku's no.9 role. Tuchel needs to rebuild his defence, as it was tactically at the back that the German impressed when being appointed Chelsea boss. But with his resources now limited, he needs new tools to do the same job.It won't be a cheap acquisition for Chelsea, but they are left without much of a choice. And Tuchel will be hoping that the new owners are generous during their first summer in order to kick-start their reign in London.