Bucks Fizz' Jay Aston, 61, has discussed her daughter’s terrifying battle with meningitis. She and husband Dave Colquhoun were told that Josie, 19, only had a 50 per cent chance of survival - and Jay recognised the symptoms of the condition because Dave had suffered from it 19 years prior. The Eurovision star appeared on Loose Women in April and was reduced to tears as she spoke about her ailing daughter. She revealed that Josie was in hospital after falling very ill the previous month, prior to being diagnosed with bacterial meningitis. The 18-year-old was admitted into intensive care and placed in an induced coma after her organs started to fail. Jay told Kay Adams, Frankie Bridge, Katie Piper and Jane Moore: “We almost lost her.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady The Eurovision star appeared on Loose Women in April and was reduced to tears as she spoke about her ailing daughter. She revealed that Josie was in hospital after falling very ill the previous month, prior to being diagnosed with bacterial meningitis. The 18-year-old was admitted into intensive care and placed in an induced coma after her organs started to fail. Jay told Kay Adams, Frankie Bridge, Katie Piper and Jane Moore: “We almost lost her.” Continuing, Jay said that she was aware it was meningitis that Josie had, as her husband contracted the condition 19 years ago, so she knew how to spot it. She explained that Josie was her “silver lining” after losing her husband. “I knew what to look for,” she added. DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [INSIGHT] Kevin Clifton admits he's at 'war' girlfriend Stacey Dooley over shows [COMMENT] Catherine Zeta-Jones looks radiant as she debuts sultry new look [PICTURES] The star said on the show that Josie was comfortable with her mum going public with the news. She explained that her daughter wanted people to be aware of what happened to her. Jay added that Josie was healthy and on a fitness kick on the days leading up to her diagnosis. She said: “She called me to say she wasn't feeling well... “She'd been lying in the sun and I thought had a bit of heatstroke.” Jay said that she tried to bring her temperature down but failed. The star added that she had to take Josie to A&E herself, as the ambulances didn’t respond. A tearful Jay went on: “I had her in my bed with me and she woke up at about 3am and told me, 'I'm not right.'" She said then, breaking into tears: "If she'd gone in her own bed I don't think I'd have a daughter," before the panelists comforted her. Jay said that she found a rash on Josie's arm in the early morning after putting on her bedroom light to take a look at her. She said her reaction was “oh god, not again”. Jay confirmed it was nearly identical to what her husband had. As the interview came to an end, she addressed her daughter to the camera, thanking Josie for letting her share the story.