The Unforgettable Travel Company scoured Reddit to find the "most missed" food listed on expat chats. English people might not be surprised by the most missed food. According to the research, English expats miss fish and chips the most when they decide to relocate overseas. One of England’s most traditional dishes, fish and chips is usually eaten on a Friday and can be hard to get overseas. However, expats that move to a destination with a large English community, they could be in luck. Benidorm was recently named Spain’s most ‘British’ town due to the high number of British expats and restaurants there. READ MORE: Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag Britons in Benidorm will easily be able to find fish and chips, although the treat may rise in price due to an increase in the cost of sunflower oil. Fish and chip shops first appeared in the UK in the 1860s and the meal was one of few that wasn’t subject to rationing during the Second World War. English expats in Australia might not have to look too hard to find their favourite British meal. There are around 4,000 fish and chip shops Down Under and the dish is often included on pub menus. Meanwhile Welsh expats miss a classic Welsh Rarebit the most. The cheesy toast is popular in Wales and the wider UK. The toasted cheese can be cooked with ale or mustard while some recipes top it with paprika or cayenne pepper. Other people choose to add Worcestershire sauce or wine to give their rarebit an extra special touch. The meal is tricky to find overseas but it’s easy for expats to make their own version at home. Scottish expats miss haggis the most, according to the research. The controversial meal contains sheep’s heart, liver and lungs minced with onion, oatmeal and suet. Due to its unique nature, it’s very hard to buy haggis outside of Scotland although it might be served at a Burns Night celebration in an area with a lot of expats. Haggis is Scotland’s national dish and is traditionally served with ‘neeps’ and ‘tatties’ and a glass of whiskey. Although the ingredients are available outside Scotland, some Scottish expats choose to ship it from their homeland. Food is often one of the common causes of culture shock for expats and can cause homesickness. Many British order food from overseas from online shops such as British Corner Shop which ships British snacks around the world. Some larger cities in Europe or the USA may have shops selling traditional British food although it is likely to be expensive. However, moving to a new country is a great chance to try some new cuisine.