Manchester United sent a senior scout to watch Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves on Saturday, according to reports. Wolves boss Bruno Lage has claimed Neves is worth £100million but the club's owners disagree the Portugal star is worth that much and will accept a lower offer. The midfielder has been linked with United in recent windows. Arsenal and Barcelona are also credited with interest in the player. The Birmingham Mail claims the Red Devils were scouting Neves in person during Saturday's 3-0 loss to Brighton at Molineux. The 25-year-old was taken off at half-time in a disappointing afternoon for Lage's side. Neves has had a good season and now looks likely to move on in the summer. The same report says Wolves will not demand a British record fee for Neves, which Lage had previously quoted. READ MORE: Joel Glazer could be about to look foolish at Man Utd if transfer decision made  However, they do want a 'significant increase' on the £45m they received from Liverpool for Diogo Jota in 2020. That remains the highest fee Wolves have ever received for a player. United are likely to have a busy summer window with new boss Erik ten Hag in charge. And Neves is one of their top targets to improve the midfield. Speaking at the beginning of April, Lage insisted £100m is the type of figure his club should be looking for. He said: “What I know is we have a special player here with us. “What he is doing this season is very good. I think also the way we play, he can show a better Ruben, and also the way he plays puts our team on a different level. DON'T MISSMan City decide Gabriel Jesus price tag as Arsenal plot summer bid [REPORT]Man Utd 'make swap deal offer to sign Lautaro Martinez' but Erik ten Hag faces setback [GOSSIP]Haaland to Man City transfer 'guaranteed' after Guardiola 'agrees new contract' [RUMOUR]  “When you have that player, the best thing to do is improve his salary and years of contract. But who knows, when you have a top player like him in that specific position, that can defend and attack, and is a top professional and a great man, the big teams are there with £100m to buy these kinds of players.” However, Lage did admit it would be hard for a club like Wolves to turn down a big offer for any player. He added: “It depends on the strategy of Wolves also, that’s why it was so hard to find players in the last two transfer windows because we want to find the best players at the right price and the right age to help us, then after two or three years they can give us economical profit. “It’s not just about Wolves, in these days which club can refuse a proposal of 80, 90 or 100 million pounds? Five or six.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here