Manchester United's transfer activity during Ed Woodward's time at the club caused some controversy with the club missing out on several targets and Moises Caicedo may be the latest player to have slipped through their fingers. United have been linked with deep-lying midfielders in a number of recent transfer windows, but no move has been made to improve on their current options. Back in January 2021, it appeared as though they had settled on young Caicedo as an option to come in. The then 19-year-old had impressed for Independiente del Valle, earning his first call up for Ecuador's senior international team. And reports in the midfielder's home country indicated a deal with United had been agreed. But the transfer collapsed early in the window with United eventually abandoning their plans to sign Caicedo. Reports at the time claim United were not happy by the 'involvement of various intermediaries' while negotiations were also described as a 'clusterf***'. JUST IN: Leeds ace Phillips could leave due to clause amid Man Utd pursuit  No other deals were made that month with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer also unable to bring in a central midfielder last summer. Brighton ended up swooping in to sign Caicedo ahead of United before being sent out on loan to Beerschot. The midfielder was then recalled to Brighton's squad back in January and made his Premier League debut last month with an impressive display in the 2-1 win over Arsenal. United then got a chance to see their former target close on Saturday evening with Caicedo in the starting line-up to face Ralf Rangnick's side. DON'T MISS  Goals aren't a big part of Caicedo's game, but he showed that he can find the net with a brilliant finish from outside the box. United's midfield appeared to be all over the place throughout the first half with Caicedo dominating proceedings for the home side. Nemanja Matic and Scott McTominay started behind Juan Mata and Bruno Fernandes, but neither deep-lying midfielder made a big impact on the game. With Matic announcing he will leave in the summer, signing at least one central midfielder will be a top priority for United. They could well have had Caicedo on their books if negotiations went more smoothly 18 months ago. And missing out on Caicedo may well be a mistake judging by the 20-year-old's display against United.