Greene King will serve the free pints at 408 of its sites on Monday to kickstart Jubilee week. The pints were set to be priced at 6p - the same price they cost at the Queen’s coronation back in 1952 - but will now give them away to punters instead. However, those wanting to take advantage of the special offer will need to use a secret codeword. In order to secure one of the free-of-charge pints, customers visiting one of the Greene King Local Pub or Flaming Grill sites should head to the bar and say the password "1952". A Greene King spokesperson said: “One of the ideas we had was for a promotion in 400 of our managed pubs where customers could buy one pint each of Greene King IPA for 6p today – the same price it was in 1952. "We thought this was a great way to celebrate this remarkable occasion and we’ve been thrilled at the response from customers. "However, we have some good news for everyone, which is that we will now be giving the Jubilee first pint of Greene King IPA away free of charge today, as we now understand it’s not permissible under the licensing act to charge the 6p. "Just remember to use the keyword ‘1952’ and check whether your local pub is running the offer".   The deal will last only one day and customers will only be able to claim one free pint of the Greene King IPA in each pub. It comes after opening hours for pubs and bars were extended across England and Wales over the Jubilee Bank Holiday weekend. Over the four-day weekend, from Thursday, June 2 to Saturday, June 4, opening hours will be changed from 11pm to 1am. Meanwhile, Boris Johnson is expected to announce the return of imperial measurements to mark the occasion. READ MORE: Queen admits she was 'bored' during her own father's coronation The announcement, on Friday, is believed to be a move aimed at striking out EU regulations and gaining back support from Brexiteers. Currently, the UK uses a mix of imperial and metric measurements but the Prime Minister is expected to say that British shops could now sell products in pounds and ounces. EU rules state that all goods sold in Europe have to display metric weights and measurements and traders are legally required to use metric units for the sale by weight or measure of fresh produce. While it was still legal to price goods in pounds and ounces, these had to be displayed alongside the price in grams and kilograms. DON'T MISS: Jubilee POLL: Are you having a Platinum Jubilee party? [POLL]Queen makes last-minute change to Jubilee diary to meet Lilibet [INSIGHT]Prince George will NEVER get to be king, says Republic's GRAHAM SMITH [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, ministers are also planning to restore the crown symbol on pint glasses after EU rules required the use of an EU-wide "CE" mark on the glasses. The Government's proposal will review the advantages of reintroducing imperial measurements for both customers and businesses. There are understood to be a number of possible options but it is unlikely that metric measurements will the scrapped completely, according to a Government source. The decision is more likely to see traders making their own choice on whether they wish to sell goods in pounds and ounces, similar to how pubs sell pints of beer. 