A person was stabbed to death as supporters lined the streets outside Porto’s stadium to celebrate the Portuguese side’s league title success, according to reports in the country’s media. Hundreds of people gathered in the vicinity of the Estadio do Dragao as emergency services attempted to revive the individual, who was ‘not able to resist their injuries’, it has been claimed. Porto regained the Primeira Liga with a dramatic 1-0 win over Benfica on Saturday night. Zaidi Sanusi scored in the fourth minute of injury time to clinch the club’s first league title in two years. Fans streamed towards the Estadio do Dragao to welcome their title-winning heroes back from their trip to Benfica. Hundreds congregated in the area surrounding the team’s home stadium and celebrated through the night. However, things turned ugly when one person was attacked. Another individual was taken to hospital following the same incident. According to Portuguese publication Record, one supporter was stabbed outside the ground in the early hours of Sunday morning. With hundreds watching on, emergency services were unable to revive the individual. JUST IN: Antonio Conte drops hint on Tottenham ambitions after Liverpool draw A woman was also ‘seriously injured’, one report by CM Journal Portugal claims. She was transported to hospital but there is no further update on her welfare. Porto were crowned champions with one game to spare. They have won 28 of their 33 matches and lost just once throughout the entire league campaign. This was the first league title that Porto fans had actually been allowed to celebrate since 2018. Their last triumph - in 2019-20 - came behind closed doors due to the Coronavirus pandemic and subsequent lockdowns around Europe. DON'T MISS...Man Utd may have signed another Schweinsteiger after Brighton lossMan Utd and Liverpool's pre-season plans will make Keane's blood boilAurelien Tchouameni ‘watched by Man Utd, Chelsea, Real Madrid scouts'  They can still complete a domestic double by winning the Taca de Portugal. Porto clash with Tondela in the final on May 22. Boss Sergio Conceicao celebrated the championship by telling Canal: “A great party. I would like the most important person in the history of this club to be here, who is our president. “He would have spruced up this party, but I understand, and I, like him, will think of the Portuguese Cup final and we will be here on the 22nd. At night to celebrate the double. This is what I want: union and the desire to win more titles. Such a wonderful path of victories and achievements. “We know the sacrifices [made by fans], we will be here to salute. For them, all we can conquer is for these people who are here. My thanks to all the fans, members and supporters.” 