The agent of a 'senior' Manchester United player reportedly complained that Portuguese superstar Cristiano Ronaldo was getting too much attention in promotional campaigns. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick, who has been replaced by Erik ten Hag, has not been shy on discussing the problems of a lack of togetherness in the United squad and such issues continue to be highlighted. There was excitement at United when they went big on a host of star names last summer including Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Ronaldo himself. The plans clearly didn't work, however, and their season finally spluttered to an end on Sunday with a lack of squad unity still looming large. Ronaldo was a huge name to add into the mix last summer, and his return to the club invariably delighted fans. Some in the squad relished the opportunity to play alongside him, but his introduction was not wholly positive. ESPN claim that the agent of a 'senior' squad member complained to Man Utd that Ronaldo was getting too much attention in promotional campaigns compared to their client. JUST IN: Leeds icon hopeful Raphinha will turn down Barcelona offer to stay at Elland Road On the one hand, the former Real Madrid icon's prominent standing in such campaigns is understandable given his huge global following. But above all, United fans would surely be adamant that there are bigger fish to fry and grievances to sort out than that, namely clinging onto a Europa League spot. United's dysfunctional squad is set to be revamped this summer with a host of players soon to be out of contract. Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata, Paul Pogba and Edinson Cavani are among them, as fans await a cluster of new faces to offset the inevitable exodus. Ronaldo's presence may have caused some unease and friction this season, but incoming boss Erik ten Hag has made it publicly clear that he wants him to stay at Old Trafford. The 37-year-old earned mixed reviews during a highly-pressurised comeback season but finished third in the race for the Golden Boot behind only Mohamed Salah and Son Heung-min. READ MORE: Ronaldo ‘missed Man Utd farewell meal’ as Rangnick details emerge Ten Hag was in attendance on Sunday afternoon as United were narrowly beaten by Crystal Palace. That would have led to a humiliating drop down into the Conference League spots if West Ham had managed to beat Brighton on the south coast, but the Seagulls came from behind to produce an impressive 3-1 victory. And on such a disappointing note at Selhurst Park, Rangnick's interim duties, which not many will regard as a success, came to an end. After the final whistle, he said: "We knew [what work lies ahead] before that game. We wouldn’t have needed that fixture today to know that, but I’m optimistic, I’m positive. With the new manager, and Erik is a top manager, together with our board, with our scouting department we can make sure that we get the necessary reinforcements, the players that help to raise the level of quality again. And then, hopefully, bring Manchester United back into the top four."