Heartstopper is Netflix's newest rom-com to take the world by storm. The youthful love story has been praised globally and fans want to know if there will be a second series. Award-winning actress Olivia Colman appears in the popular show as co-lead Nick Nelson's (played by Kit Connor) mother, which has opened up the door to potentially inviting other big names to join the show. Charlie Spring star Joe Locke wowed the audience and critics with his first acting credit and the actor has revealed who he would like to have in his family next season after seeing actress Colman on the screen. While appearing at the 2022 BAFTA TV awards, he said: "I would love Jennifer Coolidge to play my cool grandma, like my American grandma. "Kit got Olivia Colman, I want Jennifer Coolidge." At present, little is known about if there will be a season two and who will be in the cast. Read More: Richard Madeley digs at Meghan Markle over plans to be President 'It’s so transparent’  Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, he divulged season two news is under lock and key. He continued: "Plans for season two? I don't know anything, but I will be the last person to be told. "Hopefully [there will be]! We want there to be but it's up to..." There are five graphic novels in the Alice Oseman series that could all have the potential to make it to the small screen. The show has climbed to the top 10 list in many countries, and Joe at first was taken back by just how successful it had been. "It's been crazy. We didn't expect it to be as crazy as it's become," he commented. "It's insane and great. I find it overwhelming in that way. We thought it would be our little show, and it's not. It's a bit scary but amazing." Heartstopper showcases positive LGBTQIA+ storylines which Joe was elated to be part of and he added: "It's been so great we can create such a positive queer show. "I was talking to someone the other day. We are in the middle of queer shows being made, but a lot are still focussing on the negatives. I love that our show is always optimistic. DON’T MISS…'White working class lads don't get a look in' GB News guest slams diverse BBC coverage [LATEST]'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage 'Don't want to see [LATEST]'It was a lie!' Susanna Reid skewers Wes Streeting over Angela Rayner row [LATEST] "It doesn't mean we can't tackle negative things, but it's always through an optimistic lens. "It's always a light at the end of the tunnel, and you can always see the other end. I think it's so great to teach queer teens especially that it's all going to be OK. " Following the previous It's A Sin and the Derry Girls Great British Bake Off specials, Joe teased he would love a Heartstopper baking reunion. He expressed: "I'd love to do Bake Off. Derry Girls got a Bake Off. I know they're Channel 4, but could they bend the rules a little bit for Heartstopper?"   The casting of Olivia was kept under wraps for as long as possible, and the author, Alice, found her casting to be a very nerve-wracking experience. Alice and the show's producer Patrick Walters spoke to Metro.com and stated: "It was always a dream come true." "I was talking to Alice and suggested Olivia Colman to play Nick's mum and it felt like a total fantasy." Patrick added: "That would be brilliant but that's incredibly unlikely, so we only sent the part to her and she said yes!" Alice chimed in: "I literally thought this was the stupidest idea ever. "I thought there was no way she would want to be a part of this or anyone famous would want to be a part of this. I was proven wrong!" Heartstopper is available to stream on Netflix 