Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard claims that his former side need a midfielder who can get them double figures every season. The Reds agonisingly missed out on Champions League glory against Real Madrid on Saturday night, but Jurgen Klopp could look to bounce back by acting on Gerrard's advice this summer. Express Sport looks at four players who could fit the brief. As a close, personal friend of Bruno Guimaraes, most recent rumours have focused on Paqueta closing in on a move to Newcastle United. The Times claimed that the Magpies were ready to 'smash their transfer record' in a £50million deal, but a recent Tweet from the Brazilian suggested that he is set to 'continue with Lyon'. Missing out would be a shame for Eddie Howe's side, but an approach from Liverpool, who just turned out in the Champions League final, could prompt Paqueta to rethink. His impressive output of 15 goal contributions last season is almost identical to what he notched in 2020/21, and with consistency comes a growing reputation. JUST IN: Tottenham's Ivan Perisic transfer could seal exit of player Erik ten Hag 'admires' Olmo's stock was on the rise in 2020/21 as he became a pillar of RB Leipzig's attacking midfield and a regular in the Spanish national set-up. The 24-year-old has been unable to build on that momentum, however, as injuries saw him miss out on 16 matches last campaign. That may hand Liverpool an opportunity to strike while the iron is... cold. Olmo has already proven his intelligence and natural ability on some of football's biggest stages, so this summer, after a dull campaign, could be the perfect chance for the Reds to bag themselves a good-value deal while the Spaniard's name has gone relatively quiet. DON'T MISSFour worst Liverpool players in Champions League defeat against MadridLiverpool demand probe into chaotic Champions League final scenesMadrid will be 'going bananas' as Ferdinand and Owen react to VAR call  Leicester City's mid-table status means that Maddison's superb numbers have flown somewhat under the radar. An impressive haul of 12 league goals is the most he has ever managed for the Foxes, and the most he has put on the board since he was in the Championship with Norwich four years ago. Approaching the final two years of his contract, Leicester are under pressure to make a decision on his future this summer. Having finished 19 points behind fourth spot, it could be a sensible time for Liverpool to test Maddison's resolve as he faces a campaign without any form of European football. Liverpool have reportedly kept tabs on the Portuguese's situation in the past and were even weighing up a hefty bid for him last year. Indeed, Goncalves fits Gerrard's brief perfectly having bagged 23 goals in 2020/21 and a further 15 last season. At 23-years-old, he is the youngest on the list which gives Klopp more time to mould him into the player he needs. Goncalves failed to make a single Premier League appearance during a brief stint with Wolves, so the prospect of unfinished business could be enough to lure him back to the English top flight.