The Duchess of York, also known as Fergie by fans and friends, is known to be very close to her daughters. However, in a recent interview, she also spoke about her bond with the princesses' husbands – Jack Brookbank and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. And she revealed she doesn't shy away from partying with her sons-in-law. Sarah told OK! magazine: "With regards to partying, I have the best rookie son in laws." Referring to Jack's role as bar manager and brand ambassador for Casamigos tequila, the Duchess added: "And one used to work for a tequila company." Fergie went on to say she has known Edoardo, also known as Edo, for several years prior to his wedding to Beatrice. She said: "So you know, they've got great friends and a lot of their friends are my friends. "Yeah, I love my son in law. "I've known Edo all my life. I'm his brother's godmother. "So we've always brought him together. I like partying." READ MORE: Princess Anne sparks royal frenzy after stepping out in uniform Jack and Eugenie got married in front of more than 800 people at St George's Chapel in Windsor in October 2018. The couple had been together for several years prior to tying the knot. In February 2021, they welcomed their first son, August Philip Hawke. The baby, who is the Queen's ninth great-grandchild, was introduced to Prince Philip prior to his death in April last year. Princess Eugenie recounted the sweet meeting during the BBC special Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers, saying: "I brought little August to come and meet him. "I told him that we'd named him after him. It was such a lovely moment. We were very lucky to do that. Princess Beatrice, the eldest daughter of Sarah and Prince Andrew, married property developer Edoardo in July 2020. Their private nuptial was meant to take place in May 2020, but had to be postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic. The couple married in front of a handful of socially-distanced guests, including the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh, at the All Saints Chapel near Windsor Castle. Upon marrying Edoardo, Beatrice happily became the step-mother of his son from a previous relationship, Christopher Woolf known as Wolfie. In September, the pair also welcomed their first daughter, Sienna Elizabeth. Sarah, who over the past few decades has written two memoirs, dozens of children's books and debuted last year as a historical novel writer published by Mills & Boon, described becoming a grandmother as a "beautiful blessing". After praising Beatrice and Eugenie for being "phenomenal mothers", the Duchess described her role as grandmother saying: "I think as a grandparent, you have to let your children get on with being the parents they want to be, and not interfere too much. "But I’m always there to pick up the broccoli when it goes flying at mealtimes." Asked if she reads the babies bedtime stories, Sarah added: "Yes, of course – they have been to stay many times. I get quite animated when I read children’s stories, and Augie thinks I’m hilarious."