The broadcaster, himself a keen cyclist, has been raising awareness about the risks facing his fellow road users for years. Jeremy Vine shared footage of a ride he went on with two members of the Met Police's dedicated cycling team, showing one of the officers being overtaken at a close distance by a Waitrose lorry. He questioned the behaviour of the driver was appropriate after the officer was forced to move to the middle of the lane and raise his arm to get the attention of the motorist. In his voiceover of the video, Mr Vine said: "I want you to watch this police officer just in front of it [the lorry]. "Again, the word Police is in large letters on his back. You see him flinch, he moves left a bit, raises his right hand as if to say, 'hang on, you just came too close.' "Now, I'm starting to think this does look close for a whacking-weight truck like this." The officer later commented: "The Waitress lorry just close-passed us. It was so close to me. I was here, and his wheels were touching the line." JUST IN: British expats in Spain rejected in illegal homes fight: ‘Like talking to a brick wall’  Despite the broadcaster's evident criticism of the lorry driver's conduct, Twitter users questioned whether the motorist had committed an offence in the first place as they noted he remained in his lane. Sunday Times reporter Hannah Al-Othman wrote: "The lorry literally stayed in his lane the whole time. It has committed the offence of… being a large vehicle? "I’m not at all anti-cyclist, I used to cycle in London. I got knocked off my bike in London, and I wasn’t at fault, he was prosecuted. "But the lorry driver shouldn’t be expected to hold up the flow or traffic when the bike could have just moved in." READ MORE: M1 traffic STOPPED: Five-mile queues causing massive delays after crash - updates User @KeitRandall10 wrote: "Stayed IN his lane, never even TOUCHED the line, let alone went over it. "Completely responsible driving from a person doing an important job of work. Why are you highlighting this as in any shape or form wrong?" @MatthewCresswe4 commented: "HGV driving safely in the centre of their lane. Other cyclists safely riding 2 abreast with plenty of room in the other lane and a silly copper poncing about unnecessarily close to the line separating the two while taking absolutely no responsibility for his own road positioning." And @ChrisCalviFree said: "I'm a big supporter of road safety & cyclists' rights, but there has to be reason on both sides. A v busy road, lots of big lorries - cyclists should cooperate by dropping to single file or keep away from lane line. The PC wobbled across the lane line at 1.35 & was 3 abreast!" DON'T MISS UK drivers can avoid paying road tax with a smart hybrid car trick [REVEAL] Electric car owners could be forced to pay more for charging cars [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of huge driving law changes coming in this week [WARNING] However, others sided with Mr Vine and pointed at the Highway Code to justify their fury. @JasonGood shared a screenshot of the rules showing drivers should "take extra care and give more space when overtaking motorcyclists, cyclists, horse riders, horse-drawn vehicles and pedestrians". And he commented: "The relevant section of the Highway Code makes it clear. The lorry driver should have waited behind until he was able to pass at least 1.5 meters away from the cyclist. "The paint is part of the problem here, implying it is safe. But it offers no actual protection." And lorry driver @dougmcfarlane41 said: "The comments are depressing. Sorry, I'm an HGV driver and that WAS a s**t overtake. The rigid manages perfectly fine. "No, I don't want any groups of cyclists riding single file, makes it harder and longer to overtake and then safely move back in. "If you can't pass and it does happen, you hang back until it's safe to pass. You don't lose any time, a few minutes at worst." Waitrose reacted to the footage by saying "we are investigating".