Oasis star Bonehead, whose real name is Paul Arthurs, has issued an update to fans as he begins his tonsil cancer treatment. The star explained he had begun chemotherapy and radiotherapy, apologising for missing upcoming shows. “Quick update, I had my first session of radiotherapy this morning and am now having a course of chemotherapy which will finish at 6am, so it’s an overnight stay at the Christie Hospital,” he wrote in a statement posted on social media. “Another session of radiotherapy in the morning, then home. “Thirty sessions of radiotherapy and two sessions of chemo in total, so I’ve started and am crossing it off. “I won’t bore you with a daily diary, no one wants that, but I’m feeling OK and I’ll probably tweet the usual nonsense as I go along.” READ MORE: Louise Minchin says husband's warning prompted Breakfast exit Arthurs then issued an apology to fans for not being able to join bandmate Liam Gallagher in his shows next month. “See you all soon, sorry it won’t be at Knebworth or any of the gigs over summer, but for those of you who are going, have a ball,” he penned. He signed off the post: “Much love.” Arthurs originally shared his diagnosis back in April in a statement on Twitter. He wrote: “Just to let you all know I'm going to be taking a break from playing for a while. “I have been diagnosed with tonsil cancer. “But the good news is it's treatable and I will be starting a course of treatment soon. “I will keep you posted how it is going,” he added. DON'T MISS... Rebekah Vardy was 'more interested in taking selfies' than football [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald sobbed in restaurant amid late fiancé's gesture [ADMISSION]Elon Musk on how Amber Heard ‘hurt’ him: ‘In severe emotional pain’ [LATEST] “I am gutted I am missing the gigs with Liam and the band. “Have the best summer and enjoy the gigs if you're going. I'll see you soon xxx.” Liam Gallagher sent his love to his bandmate with a message of support. He wrote: “Sending BIG love to the 1 n only Bonehead and his family. “Wishing you a speedy recovery we’re all thinking of you rasta you’ll be back on stage before you can say r we doing Colombia LG x.” (sic) Erasure’s Andy Bell also commented on Bonehead’s Twitter post, writing: “Get well soon Bone.” Paul is co-founder of legendary rock band Oasis and is best known for playing rhythm guitar and keyboard. He is credited for having played piano and mellotron on the band’s iconic album (What's the Story) Morning Glory?