Former West Ham star Trevor Sinclair has suggested that David Moyes could be forced to sell Jarrod Bowen this summer in a bid to keep Declan Rice. Bowen, 25, has scored 16 goals in all competitions for the Hammers this season and played the full 90 minutes as his side was knocked out of the Europa League by Eintracht Frankfurt. Rice, 23, has been linked with a host of clubs ahead of this summer with his club placing a £150million price tag to ward off any interested parties. Sinclair, who made 177 appearances for West Ham, has suggested a way that Moyes could hold onto his midfield star. He told talkSPORT: “Maybe Jarrod Bowen will be the one that they let go and keep Declan Rice. I could see it going both ways but Declan’s amazing. Declan Rice is the best in his position, or one of the best in his position in the world and he’s 22 years old. “I think he should be playing European football. I think the club have underachieved a little bit by not making Europe and getting to the Europa League final. “But they might be able to keep him. If they want to do a bit of business it might be Jarrod Bowen. When you put his numbers next to some of the top players and forwards in the league, he’s right up there.” In April, Moyes placed a £150million price tag on Rice and claimed that the club’s prized asset isn’t for sale. While the England midfielder has repeatedly been linked with Manchester United, who will be on the lookout for a new midfielder with Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba both leaving on free transfers at the end of the season.   Rice is yet to commit his future at the London Stadium, with his boyhood club Chelsea also rumoured to be interested in the midfielder with five goals to his name this season in all competitions, his highest tally since breaking into the West Ham team during the 2017-18 season. West Ham are still battling for a European place next season. The Hammers currently sit seventh in the table, three points ahead of Wolves but have played a game more than Bruno Lage’s side. They are only six points behind Manchester United in sixth place, and do have a game in hand themselves on the side that have been linked with Rice. 