Liverpool have been dealt a potential blow ahead of their season-defining final day Premier League title shootout with Manchester City after Aston Villa's medical team ruled defender Ezri Konsa out for up to 16 weeks with a knee injury. Steven Gerrard confirmed the blow ahead of the visit of Burnley on Thursday with the centre-back now set to miss the rest of the campaign and the start of the 2022/23 season. The 24-year-old has started 29 games in the Premier League this season for Villa and would have partnered Tyrone Mings at the heart of defence at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Liverpool are counting on Villa to take a point or more from the champions, in order to keep their title bid alive. But Konsa won't be part of Villa's plan to wreck City's dreams - or tomorrow's fixture against Burnley. “Ezri has had a scan and it’s confirmed that he has a knee injury, he’ll be missing for up to 16 weeks," Gerrard said. READ MORE: Nottingham Forest fan arrested for assault on Billy Sharp that left him 'bleeding' “When someone leaves the pitch and you see the challenge, you’re fearing that it could be an ACL, a six to nine-month injury but thankfully it wasn’t.” Gerrard isn't intersted in the role Villa can play in both the title race and relegation dogfight, instead he wants Villa to focus on their own objectives. “The important thing is that we focus on what we need to do, we want two positive results, we want to finish as strong as we can and improve our league position," he added. Liverpool made sure they will take it to the final day of the season with a 2-1 victory over Southampton on Tuesday night. DON'T MISSArsenal defeat to Newcastle creates complications with leading transfer targetsErik ten Hag snubs Ajax end-of-season trip as 'there is a lot to do' at Manchester UnitedEverton to investigate allegations of racism from Brentford duo Ivan Toney and Rico Henry Goals from Takumi Minamino and Joel Matip ensured the Reds remain hot on City's tail. Anything other than three points against Villa would see Pep Guardiola's side open the door for Liverpool to swoop in - providing they can see off Wolves at Anfield. While Gerrard claims he is not invested in the title picture, there would be no better way for him to exorcise his own personal demons following his devastating slip against Chelsea in 2014. Former Liverpool players Philippe Coutinho and Danny Ings could also have a significant part to play in this enthralling storyline. Somewhat surprisingly, Jurgen Klopp says he has no reason to contact Gerrard ahead of the match. “Stevie prepares now for Burnley, who are fighting for everything. It’s Villa’s last home game," the Liverpool boss said after beating Southampton. “They will play that game and then collect the bones and go again on Sunday. “There’s no reason to talk to him. We all know that Villa wants to win because Villa wants to win – that’s it.”