Garth Crooks will imminently be stepping down from his role as an analyst on BBC Final Score, it was revealed at the end of Saturday's programme. The 64-year-old has worked with the BBC since 1992 and has been a regular pundit on Final Score for over two decades but made his last appearance on the show this weekend before he was given an emotional send-off by host Jason Mohammad. "It's a very special day for us here on Final Score, also a very sad day for us because Garth, it's your final appearance," began Mohammad. "As the presenter of this programme, I just want to say a big thank you for your friendship and your analysis, your fun, laughter and seriousness. "I will really miss you and I'll never forget in 2010, when I made my first appearance [on Final Score], you turned to Matt Holland and said 'who's this guy?'. I just want to say a big thank you on behalf of myself and the production team." Crooks replied: "That's very kind of you, and not just yourself but your predecessors, Ray Stubbs [and] Gabby Logan. You've all done great jobs and I have a great debt of gratitude to you and the BBC. It's been great fun." JUST IN: Tottenham board hold 'reservations' about Mauricio Pochettino return It remains to be seen whether Crooks, who played as a striker for Tottenham and Manchester United during his professional career, will continue working for the BBC in some capacity or if he will decide to step back from punditry altogether. He has covered a number of major sporting events throughout his time in the media, including several World Cups and the Olympic Games in London back in 2012. Crooks became the first black chairman of the Professional Footballers' Association towards the end of his playing days in 1988 but was eventually forced to give up the role due to his retirement from injury two years later. The Stoke-on-Trent native, who never won a senior international cap for England but made four appearances at under-21 level, was later awarded an OBE in 2009 for services to football. He began his media career as a guest presenter on Top of the Pops in 1982 before moving onto football punditry at the 1982 and 1990 World Cups. He later worked as a reporter for Match of the Day at the England camp for Euro 2000 and even briefly presented the political analysis show Despatch Box. Crooks has occasionally appeared on Match of the Day as a replacement for regular pundits Alan Shearer and Danny Murphy over the last few years. He has also been known to interview players for Football Focus and has named his Premier League team of the week in a regular column on the BBC website for some time. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here