As the US President visits Asia, American allies in South Korea and Japan continue to squabble over historical grievances, blocking a breakthrough in bilateral relations. Mr Biden tweeted: “I’m on my way to the Republic of Korea and Japan for my first trip to Asia as President.   “I look forward to strengthening vital security alliances, deepening our economic partnerships, and working with fellow democracies to help shape the rules of the road for the 21st century.” The US President is set to sign a $40billion (£32.1billion) US aid package for Kyiv during his trip to Asia in an effort to get arms into the hands of the Ukrainian military and resources to its people without interruption. The Senate passed the measure on Thursday after the 46th President and his team made their way toward Seoul, the first stop on his trip to South Korea and Japan. National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan told reporters: “The President does intend to sign the bill while he's on the road so he can sign it expeditiously. JUST IN: 'Staring defeat in the face' Putin on brink of 'spectacular disaster' as plot crumbles  “There won't be a gap for that very reason. "So we will have the kind of continuity of support that we asked for. "And for that we are grateful for the bipartisan backing that we've got from the Congress, who stepped up and did this from a timely fashion.” Ukrainian leaders raised alarms that the nation would run out of aid by Thursday if Congress did not act. READ MORE: Zelensky says Donbas region reduced to ‘hell’ and ‘completely destroyed’ by Russian troops  The bill signing is just the first display of how Russia's invasion of Ukraine is expected to drive his agenda, even as he seeks to break away to focus on the Asia-Pacific region. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: “This is a demonstration of strong leadership and a necessary contribution to our common defense of freedom.” During Mr Biden's Asia trip, he will South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol. Mr Yoon is seen as a hardliner on issues involving his compatriots' North Korean neighbours. DON'T MISS: Have Your Say: Should Charles apologise to Canada? 'It’s not enough' [LATEST]Nikolai Patrushev: ‘Next Putin’ will ‘not exclude nuclear strike against aggressor’ [INSIGHT]Incredible archive film shows reaction to first Russian McDonald's as company bows out [ANALYSIS]