Richard Gere, 72, gave an insight into being an older father as he stressed he had no issues with having a child in his seventies. The Primal Fear actor welcomed baby number two with wife Alejandra Silva, 39, in 2020 just months short of his 70th birthday. In a throwback interview, Richard was asked whether he had any concerns about being a dad at his age. He said to the Sunday Times magazine: "Not at all. No." The Pretty Woman star and his wife have been married since 2018 and share two young sons. Alexander was born in 2018 and they welcomed his younger brother in 2020. READ MORE: Johnny Rotten responds to Madonna's NFT art on Piers Morgan show The couple both also have children from previous marriages. Richard has an older son, Homer, 22, with actress Carey Lowell, while Alejandra shares son Albert, nine, with her first husband. The actor had been a friend of Alejandra's family for many years before the two reconnected romantically in 2014. Despite the couple’s age gap, Richard still has fans wondering how he ages so well. The Hollywood star has previously given an insight into his daily routine and his outlook on how to live longer. Speaking to Extra, Richard reflected on whether leading a healthy lifestyle with good habits can help people live longer. He said: “My friend’s mom has eaten healthy all her life. “Never ever consumed alcohol or any ‘bad’ food, exercised every day, very limber, very active, took all supplements suggested by her doctor, never went in the sun without sunscreen, and when she did it was for as short a period as possible – so pretty much she protected her health with the utmost that anyone could. “She is now 76 and has skin cancer, bone marrow cancer and extreme osteoporosis.” He went on: “My friend’s father eats bacon on top of bacon, butter on top of butter, fat on top of fat, never and I mean never exercised, was out in the sun burnt to a crisp every summer, he basically took the approach to live life to his fullest and not as others suggest. “He is 81 and the doctors say his health is that of a young person. “People, you cannot hide from your poison. It’s out there and it will find you. So, in the words of my friend’s still living mother: ‘If I would have known my life would end this way, I would have lived it more to the fullest enjoying everything I was told not to!’” However, Richard likes to practise meditation, which he says has changed his mind, brain and body. After travelling to Nepal in 1978, he also became a practising Tibetan Buddhist, at which point he had already been studying Zen Buddhism for almost six years. Back in 1996, he told USA Today that an hour-long meditation each day helped him “set up motivation” for the day. When it comes to his diet, Richard follows a vegetarian regime, which tends to be high in dietary fibre.