It’s been months since No Time To Die hit cinemas and Daniel Craig bowed out in such an explosive fashion from his 16 year period as 007. Even before his last James Bond movie in the franchise was released, fans have been speculating over just who could be his replacement. And who has better authority over who producers should be looking for than M himself? In real life, the MI6 boss isn’t called M, but C for Chief. Sir Richard Dearlove held the role as Head of the British Secret Intelligence Service from 1999 until 2004. Appearing on Piers Morgan Uncensored this week, the 77-year-old was asked what it was like day-to-day in such a mysterious role. He replied: “I guess I can say I never had a boring day at work. Not many people can say that. It’s a privilege to be at the centre and know what’s going on. The job is not for somebody who is of a nervous disposition, let’s put it like that. You need to be relatively calm.” As for Bond, Sir Richard was adamant that the role of 007 should continue to be played by a man, just as the character’s creator intended. The former MI6 boss said: “I’m a traditionalist and I think it should be a man because that’s the way Ian Fleming conceived of the role.” Luckily for him, producer Barbara Broccoli has said multiple times in recent interviews that the next Bond actor can be of any race, but he must be male. As for the real-life M’s choice of the favourites, he went with a star who has actually played a spy before. Sir Richard shared: “I’ve looked at the list of candidates and my pick would be…the one who suits it best on the list is probably Tom Hiddleston.” By the sounds of it, the former MI6 boss likes accuracy, as the Loki actor starred in The Night Manager. The show was a BBC miniseries based on John le Carre’s spy novel of the same name. The author famously worked for both MI5 and MI6 during the 1950s and 1960s before becoming a writer of espionage novels. Aside from Hiddleston, he added on Idris Elba: “He would be good I agree. You need steely charm.” DON'T MISSRoger Moore’s ‘unusual’ generosity on Bond set and to Audrey Hepburn [ROGER MOORE]Next James Bond auditions: Barbara Broccoli on ‘big decision’ ahead [NEXT BOND]Sean Connery 'hated directors': Michael Bay 'so scared' of Bond star [SEAN CONNERY] Sir Richard joked: “Maybe they should have a real C as M. Why not? Why don’t you suggest it to the casting director?” Hiddleston may have been a bookies' favourite previously, but the 41-year-old's odds currently range between 40-1 to 9-1. As for Elba, his are between 14-1 and 3-1. Meanwhile, the frontrunners continue to be Tom Hardy, with best odds of 5-1 and Henry Cavill on 3-1. Then there’s Bridgeton star Regè-Jean Page who continues to take the lead on 2-1. Piers Morgan Uncensored, TalkTV, 8pm Monday - Friday (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, and Freesat 217) and live and on demand on the TalkTV app and at Talk.TV