Max Verstappen repeatedly fumed over his team radio after his Red Bull car continued to play up during the opening stages of the Spanish Grand Prix. The Dutchman blasted his team for continued failure with of the DRS system, which also plagued his Saturday qualifying session. The DRS failure made battling with George Russell for second place all the more difficult. The situation angered Verstappen who hit back at his team in a series of repeated rants. The defending champion swore repeatedly over the radio and added: “My DRS is not working mate.” He then raged: "We can't even make the **** DRS work, man. Unbelievable." READ MORE: Red Bull make changes to Max Verstappen's car ahead of Spanish GP  Red Bull’s engineers repeatedly contacted Verstappen to help diagnose the on/off issue. On some laps the DRS appeared to work fine while on others it was stuck or not working at all. After qualifying, team principal Christian Horner said: "It wasn't actually power. In the end, it was a DRS that didn't open. So obviously we need to get the car back to understand what's caused [it], because it opened on the back straight just as a check as it came back into the pits." The team changed several parts ahead of Sunday's race including two parts connected specifically to the DRS but the issues appear to have continued. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen responds to Ferrari concerns about Red Bull [INSIGHT]Red Bull release statement over 'serious concern' about Aston Martin [COMMENT]Charles Leclerc set for major Ferrari boost at Spanish Grand Prix [ANALYSIS] It meant Verstappen was unable to gain the extra speed down the straight needed to pass Russell. The battle between the pair takes on higher significance after Charles Leclerc’s shock retirement. It means the Dutchman could take the championship lead today if he wins the race. Verstappen currently lies 19 points behind Leclerc in the standings and a win would see him lead by six. The Red Bull star has already suffered two retirements of his own this season with issues at the Bahrain and Australian Grands Prix.