The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will reunite with the rest of the firm on Friday, June 3 for the St Paul's Cathedral Jubilee service. In anticipation of the occasion, royal expert Angela Levin suspects the couple will have to sit apart from senior royals. The milestone event will be the largest gathering of royals since Harry and Meghan's wedding in 2018 before Megxit. The celebrations will mark the first time in two years that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be seen alongside the entire firm. Ms Levin told MailOnline that the seating is going to be a "big issue". Speaking of the arrangements, she said: "They couldn't have them near the Queen, Charles and William because they are no longer working royals".  The royal biographer predicted that Buckingham Palace may decide to seat all the royals in a "long front row" split by the aisle as to diffuse any tension between members of the family. This, she said, could mean the pair are banished to the "naughty corner" to sit alongside Prince Andrew. It will be the Duke of York's first public appearance since his father Prince Philip's memorial service in March when he helped assist his mother down the aisle - sparking outrage from many spectators. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan praised for turning William and Kate into stars Despite predictions that they won't be sat alongside the monarch, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams predicted the Queen will go out of her way to welcome the pair and may even give a "special gesture" to make them feel more part of the historic occasion. Ms Levin said she could expect Harry and Meghan to be seated alongside Harry's cousin, Eugenie. She said: "I would expect them to be seated with Princess Eugenie, who they remain close to." DON'T MISS: POLL: Can Britain afford Monarchy as Sovereign Grant soars by £18m? [INSIGHT]Jubilee teabags 'to catch HM's eye' & shortbread with four ingredients [COMMENT]Royal Family threat as younger voters see monarchy 'expensive luxury' [ANALYSIS] The Sussexes have remained close with Harry's cousin Eugenie since they exited the firm as senior royals and moved to start a new life in the US almost two years ago. It is reported that the pair will even stay with Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank and son August at their house - Frogmore Cottage - when they return to the UK for the royal celebrations. It is believed Frogmore Cottage is also where Harry stayed for Prince Philip's funeral in April 2021. 