Former Manchester United star Gary Neville has already revealed his 'biggest fear' for new manager Erik ten Hag. The Dutchman has a massive job on his hands, and Neville has singled out two current players that could make life even more difficult. Neville has called out both Harry Maguire and Bruno Fernandes for letting United down last season, and has even suggested that Ten Hag could get rid of them.Long gone are the glory days for United, who used to be mentality monsters. And ever since Sir Alex Ferguson left the club in 2013, so has everything that used to be associated with United as problems continue to arise.Despite giving David Moyes, Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho the opportunity to turn it around, United are the lowest they have ever been after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick shared the blushes last season. And Neville thinks that Ten Hag could have too many problems to sort out before he can attempt to restore a winning mentality. JUST IN: Arsenal 'contact' Chelsea about Levi Colwill as scouts prepare to swarm play-off final There is a lot of work to be done at United, and Ten Hag has already wasted no time in completely refreshing the backroom staff at the club. And the Dutchman has also been promised £120million to spend in the transfer market this summer.But before making new signings and bringing in innovative staff, Ten Hag has to address the problems that are already at the club. And Neville has called out both Maguire and Fernandes as he begins to worry about the Dutchman's task in hand. DON'T MISS...Kalvin Phillips' stance on future may have blocked Man City transferMohamed Salah confirmed Liverpool decision but Sadio Mane gives cryptic answerArsenal dealt setbacks over trio who could be key to transfer plans "That dressing room is broken," Neville revealed. "You can’t fix that dressing room, I don’t even know where Erik ten Hag starts to be honest."That’s my biggest fear for him in the first few months. I don’t know where the clicks are because I’m not close enough to it anymore, but you can use words like rotten and broken to describe how it’s become. "Harry Maguire has gone from someone who was growing on the pitch during Covid, to someone who now looks like he’s shot to pieces when he pulls on a red shirt. Bruno [Fernandes] looks like half the player he was and the rest of the young players, well it looks like they’ve lost complete faith and you want to get rid of them."That’s when you know something has gone fundamentally wrong in the changing room, the club and the leadership." But although Neville pointed fingers at Maguire and Fernandes, he also admitted that everyone at the club is to blame for what has happened. "I don’t think you can dissolve anybody of blame," Neville added.  "Everybody has to take blame for what’s happened."Everyone is optimistic when a new manager takes over a club, but I’m very cautious with my optimism. I don’t think there’s many Man Utd fans sitting there thinking: ‘Wow, here we go!’"