Doria Ragland, 65, lives in Los Angeles, near her daughter Meghan Markle and her husband Prince Harry. Ms Ragland is often photographed running marathons and walking her dogs around her local area. She is also a professional yoga instructor.  Sarah Campus, the founder of LDN MUMS FITNESS, gave some insight into how Doria encouraged Meghan to take up yoga as a child. She told Express.co.uk: “Meghan has been a long-time advocate of yoga, with her mother Doria Ragland — who is an instructor in Los Angeles — playing a major role in her love for the practice. “Yoga is Meghan’s thing, as she started doing mummy-and-me yoga with her mother when she was seven. “As a child, she was very resistant, but her mother told her to give it time and that she will eventually find her flow, which happened and as such since college she has practised yoga regularly.”  READ MORE: Princess Anne's 'healthy' diet includes unusual breakfast Meghan now loves yoga so much, that she even reportedly had a yoga studio built into Frogmore Cottage. Her passion for the calming, toning practice is all down to her mother, Doria Ragland. Meghan said: "Yoga is my thing. “My mum is a yoga instructor and I started doing mummy-and-me yoga with her when I was seven.  “I was very resistant as a kid, but she said, 'Flower, you will find your practice – just give it time.' “In college, I started doing it more regularly. "I'll do yoga a couple of times a week – hot yoga, specifically," Meghan told Best Health Magazine. Royal author Katie Nicholl previously revealed that Meghan and Archie had been taking part in 'baby yoga' together, due to Doria’s influence. "Apparently Doria took up postpartum yoga and baby yoga, and that's all Meghan has been doing," said Nicholl.  Doria is also a keen runner, completing the LA Marathon and 5km charity races too. Getting some frequent exercise, Ms Ragland is often spotted walking her dogs throughout L.A. What types of food does Doria enjoy? The Duchess of Sussex used to spend long days filming in Suits, and back in 2012, she spoke about recipes she learnt from her mother which she still makes to this day.