Carlos Alcaraz has opened up on his “weapon” to use when matches get tricky after getting revenge over Sebastian Korda at the French Open. The American was the only player to have defeated the world No 6 on a clay court so far this year but Alcaraz made sure he was successful this time as he beat the 27th seed 6-4 6-4 6-2 in two hours and six minutes. Alcaraz was victorious in his grudge match against Korda, who was the last player to beat him less than two months ago at the Monte Carlo Masters. Now on a 13 match-winning streak, the five-time title winner was asked why he used serve-and-volley three times when things got close at the end of the second set and he revealed it was one of his “weapons” for “tough moments”. “I know Juan Carlos always told me that in the tough moments, the close moments, I always go aggressive,” he said in his on-court interview, referring to his coach and the former French Open champion Juan Carlos Ferrero. “If I can do serve and volley I do, but the second and third time I play serve and volley, I feel comfortable doing that. So I think it’s an weapon that I have and in tough moments I used it.” The 19-year-old also shared his gratitude for the Court Philippe-Chatrier crowd after what was his second match in the evening and first official night session match. JUST IN: Raducanu interested in working with ex-Murray coach ahead of Wimbledon  “Well it’s amazing to play in front of a great crowd, great atmosphere here in Philippe-Chartier,” he said after his straight-sets win. “I think night session is fun to play, I think the whole people enjoyed the match and so grateful to play in front of such a good crowd “Of course in every match I’m trying to have fun out there. I love playing tennis, I love playing in this kind of tennis court, I love playing in France. It’s a great crowd as I said so I enjoy every single second.” DON'T MISSMedvedev shares 'toughest thing' at French Open over playing DjokovicNadal and Djokovic to make different French Open requests if they meetNadal 'doesn't care' about playing uncle Toni in Auger-Aliassime clash   lcaraz is one of the favourites for the title and will now play 21st seed Karen Khachanov after the 26-year-old defeated 10th seed Cameron Norrie in four sets earlier on Friday. The Spaniard is in a tough top half of the draw, with a potential quarter-final with Alexander Zverev looming before he could play either Novak Djokovic or Rafael Nadal in the semis. He has already achiever a career-best showing at the French Open by making the fourth round, overshadowing his third round appearance from last year. And Alcaraz is now one match away from matching his career-best showing at a Grand Slam after reaching the US Open quarter-final. 