  A story about Rebekah Vardy’s heated argument with the late Sarah Harding at the 2018 National Television Awards was mentioned by Coleen Rooney in written documents she submitted to the High Court as part of the £3million ‘Wagatha Christie’ libel trial. The court heard today how the Girls Aloud singer had spotted Rebekah rifling through her handbag and struck up an argument with her.      Rebekah, 40, is currently suing her fellow footballer’s wife Coleen, 36 for libel, in a court case that has been dubbed the “Wagatha Christie” trial. Coleen accused Rebekah’s Instagram account of leaking “false stories” about her private life to the press in a public social media post back in October 2019. In turn, Rebekah has denied these allegations and is suing Coleen on the basis of defamation. As part of her defence that her 2019 post was “substantially true” and within the public interest, Coleen claimed in a written statement read out in court that she was “aware” that Rebekah had “provided various pieces of 'behind the scenes' footage” for a major national tabloid.      Coleen wrote: “She also got in a spat with former Girls Aloud group member Sarah Harding during the 2018 event. “Because Sarah apparently caught Becky taking photographs of the contents of Sarah's handbag when Sarah had dropped it on the floor. “Their dispute subsequently appeared in The Sun." Rebekah is said to have "come to blows" with Sarah hours after the 2018 NTAs had been broadcast on ITV.      An article published at the time in The Mirror claimed that Sarah accused Rebekah of taking “sneaky pictures” of her, sparking a “heated” argument and causing a “huge scene”. Sources told the paper at the time that the incident occurred when Sarah dropped her bag at the event, only to see Rebekah standing nearby taking pictures as she picked up her belongings from the floor. The source went on to claim that Rebekah was incensed by Sarah’s accusations of snooping and insisted she was not taking pictures of the bag. Rebekah even reportedly offered to show Sarah her phone before demanding an apology. READ MORE... Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [INSIGHT] Bear Grylls credits Amanda Owen for being 'a huge support' [UPDATE] Coleen Rooney says viral Wagatha Christie post was ‘last resort’ [NEWS]     “Rebekah couldn't believe the insinuation and angrily insisted she hadn't even been using her phone,” the source claimed. “A few of their friends had to step in and intervene because they were getting really heated with one another- it caused a huge scene.” Sarah was best known for being a member of hugely popular girl group Girls Aloud alongside Cheryl, Nadine Coyle, Nicola Roberts and Kimberley Walsh. The star tragically died aged 39 on September 5 last year after battling advanced breast cancer.      Rebekah is a model and media personality, who has appeared on I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! in 2017 and on Dancing on Ice in 2021. She is famous for being married to Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy, who has played for the England national team. Coleen is married to professional football manager and former player Wayne Rooney. Widely considered one of the best players of his generation, Wayne is the record goalscorer for both the England national team and Manchester United. Express.co.uk has contacted Rebekah Vardy’s representatives for further comment.   