ITV Tipping Point, host Ben Shephard welcomed celebrity guests JJ Chalmers, Gaby Roslin and Sean Fletcher to the special Tipping Point: Lucky Stars special, which aired on Sunday. The trio of well-known names took it in turns to try and win big for their chosen charities as they took on the arcade-style machine. However, contestant Gaby's bright wardrobe choice distracted fans from the game playing. Gaby was the first of the blocks to get a question right and passed to JJ to play the opening coin, which failed to move a single coin. Asserting herself early as a strong contender, Gaby was quick to secure £1,900 within the first half of the show and win a mystery prize which turned out to be a flannel with host Ben's face on it. Beaming as she played, fans were quick to point out that she made a fashion faux pas on the show. Dressed in a bright coral/pink top and yellow trousers, her outfit hurt some viewers' eyes. Read More: 'Another fake' BGT 'fix' row as fans slam 'professional' singer  @na8884441 tweeted: "@GabyRoslin, that colour is hurting my eyes!" Juliet Grace added: "Watching Tipping Point anyone?? Gaby Roslin thinks she's chilling at home. Look at her trousers!!! No !!!" (sic) Fellow celebrity contestant JJ Chalmers shared a photo from filming and said: "Oooohhhh… My Granny would have loved to watched this, well you can enjoy it tonight at 1900 on @itv and @WeAreSTV. (Not sure my Granny's Old Eyes could have handled @GabyRoslin Trousers tho, but they definitely brighten up everything and our mood.) #TippingPoint #LuckyStars." (sic) Some viewers enjoyed her vibrant outfit, with @VampItUpManchester commenting: "@TippingPointITV I'd love to know where Gaby's trackies are from #tippingpoint."  Paul A. Rider thought that she looked "fantastic" and Sandra Webb added: "@GabyRoslin you so need to win #tippingpoint only if its just for how lovely your trousers are x #inthebag." (sic) Invictus Games medallist and presenter JJ was doing well in second place, dropping five counters pretty early on, but American-British journalist Sean managed to leapfrog ahead of JJ, ramping up from his £100 to land on £1,500. JJ was the first celebrity to leave, securing £1,100 for his chosen charity, The Halo Trust, which is the world's largest humanitarian landmine clearance charity. Throughout the show, Ben jested that his fellow Good Morning Britain presenter, Sean, would need to do better to be allowed back in the studio and that he was "letting the whole" team down. DON’T MISS…Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco in tears as she pays tribute to co-star 'Helped me so much' [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson to leave village as he's sacked from his job [SPOILERS]The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change' [LATEST] Gaby admitted early on that it was her "dad's favourite show" and that she had to do well for him. The presenter surprised herself and Ben with how well she was doing during the show. Ben joked: "Finally, your dad is proud of you Gaby." Despite Sean's best effort, he was eliminated but was able to take £2,200 home for his charity, Young Minds.  "How did that happen?," Gaby proclaimed when she made it to the final. Her luck and general knowledge continued as she scored an impressive £5,700 with the jackpot counter hanging close to the ledge. With a few dud counters unable to move the golden coin, Gaby refused the trade and took the £6,000 she managed to bank. Playing out the trade was torturous for the star, with the first of the three coins knocking it down. Gaby's chosen charity was WellChild. Tipping Point: Lucky Stars continues on Sunday at 8pm on ITV 