Despite ongoing threats from Moscow, Finland and Sweden have announced their formal bid to join NATO, a historic move for the two countries. Having a somewhat change of heart, Putin said on Monday the proposed NATO enlargement posed “no direct threat to Russia”, before adding he had “no problem” with either Finland or Sweden - but under one condition.     The Russian President warned if military infrastructure expanded “on this territory”, it would “provoke a response from us … based on the threats they create for us.” This appears to signal Moscow no longer has an issue with Finland and Sweden’s potential membership of NATO, providing the alliance does not dispatch troops or military equipment to the countries.  Sweden has continuously said it doesn’t want NATO military bases on its grounds, and Finland is unlikely to want this either, but it did say conditions would be set after membership. Putin said the NATO expansion was “a completely artificial problem because it’s all done in US interests”.  READ MORE: Putin to slash gas supplies - EU readies for 'unbearably high prices'  He said: “The problem has basically come out of nothing, but we’ll react to it appropriately" before adding that NATO was trying to “control and influence the international security situation in other parts of the world, not for the best”. The proposed expansion appears to be yet another setback for Putin, who initally launched the illegal invasion in neighbouring country Ukraine with aims to prevent the military alliance edging closer to Russian territory. Sweden and Finland are due to submit their applications for NATO membership later in the week. The period between application submission and membership could last between four and 12 months, but NATO secretary general Jens Stoltenberg, has always said it would be a “smooth and swift” accession for the two countries. The UK signed a mutual security pact with the two countries last week, promising to come to their aid if either nation were to be attacked. In a joint statement on Monday, Norway, Denmark and Iceland said they stand ready to support, too. Norway Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Stoere said: "Together with Denmark and Iceland, Norway stands ready to assist its Nordic neighbours by all means necessary should they be the victim of aggression on their territory before obtaining NATO membership." Turkey, on the other hand, appears to remain firm in its bid to oppose Finland and Sweden's membership. The opposition comes amid the angst in what he sees as willingness to host Kurdish militants. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said: "Neither of these countries have a clear, open attitude towards terrorist organisation. How can we trust them?" All NATO member states must agree on membership applications, which means Sweden and Finland require Turkey's support to join the military alliance.