If you know how to choose a living room rug, you're well on your way to a winning scheme. Sheena Murphy, founder of interior design studio Nune, explained that a rug helps to tie a room together. She said: “If you’re working with a number of opposing tones or different colours in a room, selecting a rug that brings those elements together can really help create harmony in an otherwise visually disjointed space.” Caroline Milns, Head of Interior Design at Zulufish said: “Choosing a rug can be a daunting task. “It’s an investment piece and whilst we may know what style sofa or coffee table we are drawn to, selecting a rug is often more akin to choosing art. “In my mind there are two routes; choose a statement rug that you love and use this as the starting point for your living room design scheme or consider the existing elements in your space and opt for a coordinating piece.” When choosing a living room rug, measuring your floor space and making sure the one you choose is large enough for your space is essential. READ MORE: ‘Most cost-effective way’ to give rooms a ‘signature look’ using paint Sheena said: “Selecting a rug that’s too small can actually make a space feel less gracious than it is, or make the scale of your furniture feel off.” Gemma Tucker, founder of Balance Interiors agreed: “My number one tip would be to opt for the largest rug that will fit into the space. “The rug should zone the sitting area of the room, placed behind the front legs of the sofa and extended beyond each side by at least 12 inches. “Your coffee table should have a good border on all sides and, if possible, also sit the front legs of occasional chairs onto the rug. “If you have a beautiful timber floor, ensure that you allow at least 12 inches for a margin around the edges of the rug for this to be appreciated.” DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘super cheap’ way to clean washing machine drawer [TIPS]Pruning tips: Always ‘remember the 3 D’s’ when pruning all plants [EXPERT]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [INSIGHT] As well as measuring your room, it's worth marking out the area you want the rug to lay over to get a feel for how much of the floor it will cover. Sheena explained: “If you have nice floors, you won’t want to cover them up entirely. “But equally, a rug should sit firmly under your main upholstery pieces in the room, whether that’s a sofa, chairs, or both, and it should be large enough to be a visual anchor in the room. “Check the dimensions of anything you’re considering and tape the corners out in your room to ensure it feels right before you buy.” When it comes to designing a living room experts suggest modelling out the scale first. Rug designer, Christine van der Hurd said: “Before buying a rug I often suggest taping newspaper or brown paper together to create an area that represents the rug that you feel works best for the space. “For the living room I would suggest placing the furniture completely on the rug or partly under the front legs as opposed to in front of the sofa, it will really help to pull the room together.” Unless it's your starting point for your scheme, it's rare to choose a rug in isolation, so gather samples of the colours, tones and textures of everything else, from the living room furniture to the shade of the walls. Sheena explained: “Ideally, you’d get a sample of the rug or rugs so you can look at it against everything else in the space or alongside samples of other pieces going in the same room. “If that’s not possible, you could create a simple mood board with pictures of everything in the room to ensure, as best you can, that all the tones and textures all feel good together. Caroline agreed: “If you have an existing living room design scheme and are looking to coordinate a rug with the space, it can help to create a mood board of all the surfaces, shapes, fabrics and finishes you are working with. “Take these with you when choosing to ensure a new rug will work in your space.”