People are sharing their outrage on social media as many find themselves being overcharged for their rent due to a significant error. Customers of Clarion Housing Association voiced their frustration at the error which has seen their bank accounts drop unexpectedly. Earlier today, the rent payments of multiple people were overcharged with one person sharing that they had £1,000 removed from their bank account, while another was “left overdrawn”. As the UK’s largest housing association, Clarion owns and manages around 125,000 properties across the country. According to the housing group, around one in 20 households have been affected by the error. This means that thousands of people, representing 6,250 households, have been faced with this debit card error. On its website, the housing association stated: “We know that on Tuesday May 3, an error in our system meant that some Clarion residents were overcharged for their rent. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years “We apologise unconditionally for this mistake, but can assure anyone who has been affected that they will have their money returned to them. “All of our residents are protected by a direct debit guarantee. “This means that if you have been overcharged, you should call your bank or building society at the earliest opportunity and ask for the money to be returned to your account. “They will then process your refund. “An internal investigation is already underway to establish what went wrong with the system and to urgently fix this issue.” However, the housing association’s intervention did not stop those affected sharing their stories on social media. On Twitter, people reacted to the error and shared how their direct debit payments have been affected. Another named @staceybygrave added: “They’ve taken over £1000 out of my account today. Guessing it’s an error?” In response to this question, @KatieWebber94 said: “It must have been but it’s now left me overdrawn. @ClarionSupport can you help please?” An account named @staceybygrave wrote: “They’ve taken over £1000 out of my account today. Guessing it’s an error?” In response to this question, @KatieWebber94 said: “It must have been but it’s now left me overdrawn. @ClarionSupport can you help please?” In a statement, the housing association stated: “We know that on Tuesday 3rd of May, an error meant that some Clarion residents were charged the incorrect amount for their rent. “We apologise unconditionally for this mistake, but can assure anyone who has been overcharged that they are protected by a direct debit guarantee and will have their money returned to them. “Fewer than one in 20 Clarion households have been affected, but we are working to urgently fix this issue.”