Married At First Sight Australia has been airing on E4 in the UK and the 2022 season was full of heartbreaking moments. In the recent reunion special, Domenica Calarco and Jack Millar revealed they had decided to call it quits on their relationship. But a number of social media posts suggest they are giving their romance another try. The pair turned up to the MAFS reunion separately and Jack opened up about ending his relationship with Dom. He said their connection fizzled out after the series finished filming. Jack told his co-stars of the breakup: "Final vows went great. We were together, we caught up heaps. "I still speak to her like every second day or every other day. "Don't get me wrong, it was very mutual. Very, like we put our heart and soul into it." READ MORE: Ella and Brent MAFS Australia: Are Ella and Brent dating? Since the reunion, a string of social media snaps hint at a rekindled romance. Domenica shared a photo of Jack kissing her on the cheek, saying: "What a wild ride it's been, couldn't have done it without @jackomillar holding my hand.” As reported by Heart.co.uk, she shared an Instagram story of the pair laying on a bed together, with the caption: "Family". After the series had aired, she spoke to 9Entertainment about how they were "not putting a label on" their connection. She added: "Jack and I are both people that don't want to put labels. "I think it just adds the extra pressure, and the extra pressure on top of everything that we're feeling right now in reliving the show and all the dramas entangled on that. "The pressure of putting a label on anything right now is not what we need." Fans flocked to the comments under the photo of Jack kissing Dom on the cheek, as she held his hand tightly. Herecomespeace said: "Make it work!! Please." DON'T MISS...Melissa MAFS Australia: Where is Married at First Sight star now? [INSIGHT] Jackson Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jackson Lonie now? [EXPLAINER] MAFS Australia’s Olivia on ‘grudges’ after Domenica row [INSIGHT] Simone1807 added: "Come on please make it official!!!! We’re all crossing fingers." Wicked.spots added: "You guys are soul mates & totally belong together. I hope you get back together." Jack posted some snaps of the pair at the end of April 2022, saying: "A few shades of MAFS with the queen." The pair were sitting close together on the sofa with an adorable pet dog between them. In another snap they took a cosey selfie, with Dom sporting a plunging halter-neck top. At the start of April, Jack shared a photo of the pair from their wedding day, paying tribute to Dom. He said: "Dom, you made this experience what it was, what it is, and what I will always remember to be, as one of the most incredible adventures of my life. "I have learnt so much about myself, and although I may walk into this next chapter ‘single’ I am not alone because I know I have Dom, and the amazing lifelong friends I made on the way by my side. "Thank you all for watching and thank you all for supporting. #MAFS." Now it appears they have been working hard on their romantic relationship. Married At First Sight Australia is available to watch on E4