The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are returning to the UK early next month to attend celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The couple said they were “excited and honoured” to be attending the celebrations. However, the Sussex family have been omitted from the Trooping the Colour balcony appearance by the Queen. The monarch said only working members of the Royal Family will join her on Buckingham Palace’s balcony for the traditional RAF flypast. This was a decision made “after careful consideration” a palace statement said. It has not yet been confirmed which Jubilee events Meghan and Harry will be participating in, though there's speculation the couple may be joined by a film crew. This is because the couple are reportedly filming an "at-home with the Sussexes docuseries" as part of their $100million deal with Netlfix. Cele Otnes, co-author of Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture claims the film crew could join the throngs of press who will be stationed in London for the proceedings to capture footage. The professor of marketing who specialises in how the Royal Family brands themselves claims that this is because the streaming service understands that Harry and Meghan “without the royal family brand, is not much of a story”. She said Netflix will want people to tune in so will be keen to capture footage that shows “their inner connection with royalty”. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry SNUBBED after inviting Sadiq Khan to California home She told Express.co.uk: “There's not a lot that we can do about a Netflix camera crew being on the grounds at Buckingham Palace with big, hugely powerful telephoto lenses. “I mean, they can just be in line next to all the journalists. “I think Netflix gets pretty quickly now that the story of Harry and Meghan, without the royal family brand, is not much of a story. “So that if we're going to bring new footage into these Netflix shows, everybody wants to see, if we want to see anything, is their inner connection with royalty.” She went on to add that the Sussexes don’t appear to fit into what is considered the “celebrity realm” in the states where they now live. DON'T MISS Mike Tindall gushes over wife Zara and backs her 'big year ahead' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan facing Netflix pressure to release show before memoir [REVEAL] Adorable Isla dresses as Queen to visit care homes for Jubilee [PICTURES] She also claimed “most Americans don’t care about them at all”. Ms Otnes said: “I will say, you know, most Americans don't care about them at all, in my opinion. “I mean I don't think we think of them as celebrities because they're not doing anything really in the celebrity realm over here.” After stepping away from the royal spotlight back in 2020, the couple has since settled down in California. They live in a large mansion property in Montecito where they reside with their eldest child Archie, three, and his sister Lilibet, 11 months. The siblings will be making the trip to Britain to join their parents for the Jubilee festivities. The trip will mark the first time Harry and Meghan have returned to the UK with their children in tow since stepping down from duties. It will provide the Queen opportunity to reunite with Archie and also to meet Lilibet, her namesake great-grandchild, for the first time. The couple signed their deal with Netflix shortly after deciding to step down as senior royals. The deal is speculated to be worth around $100m (£72m) however no content from their partnership has been published yet. One of the Duchess of Sussex's projects – an animated series with the working title Pearl – was scrapped only last month. It was cut amid a series of cost-saving measures by the service after it saw subscriber numbers plummet in the first quarter of this year. Another project expected by the Sussexes is a documentary series centred on the competitors at last month’s Invictus Games, the sporting event which Harry founded in 2014.