Three new photographs of Princess Charlotte have been shared by Kensington Palace to commemorate her seventh birthday on Monday. The pictures were taken by her mother, the Duchess of Cambridge, this weekend in Norfolk. It is likely the snaps were taken while the Cambridge family were staying at their Norfolk residence, Anmer Hall. In the snaps, Charlotte is pictured grinning while sitting among a field of bluebells. She is pictured wearing a cornflower blue jumper with her long hair loose around her shoulders Her casual ensemble is complemented by a white shirt collar – featuring a polka dot design – that peeks out from the top.  Alongside this, she wears a pair of navy trousers. In two of the photos, she sits alone among the flowers. In one she is sitting cross-legged, while in another she is sitting with her arms around her knees. A third snap shows her accompanied by the Cambridges pet spaniel. The picture features the family dog Orla, who has a black shiny coat, looking to its right while Charlotte grins towards the camera, holding flowers in her left hand. Prior to this, the name of the pooch was not known, but the Duchess of Cambridge had revealed it was a girl during a visit to Clitheroe Community Hospital in Lancashire in January. Prince William and Kate met ten-week-old cockapoo Alfie whom the Duchess described as "so sweet". READ MORE: Meghan Markle blow as Netflix 'drops new animated series' After enjoying a cuddle, Kate added: "Our dog is going to be very upset. She's going to be like, 'Where have you been?'" In 2020, Kate's brother, James Middleton, gifted the family the eight-month-old spaniel, now known to be called Orla. A friend told The Mail on Sunday at the time: “The new puppy is adorable and the whole family are besotted.” The Cambridges are known to be dog lovers and previously owned an English Cocker Spaniel named Lupo. The pooch sadly died in November 2020, with William and Kate sharing the sad news on social media. William and Kate shared an adorable photo of the black cocker spaniel, accompanied with the caption: “Very sadly last weekend our dear dog, Lupo, passed away. He has been at the heart of our family for the past nine years and we will miss him so much.” DON'T MISS Queen 'keen to stress' that she rules 'entire UK' amid IndyRef2 plans [REVEAL] Beatrice and Eugenie shut out of roles despite brokering Harry visit [INSIGHT] Prince Charles vows to protect historic trees to mark mother's Jubilee [REPORT] Princess Charlotte is fourth in line to the throne, behind her grandfather Prince Charles, father Prince William and older brother Prince George. Her sixth birthday was marked last year with a photograph also taken by the Duchess of Cambridge in Norfolk. In last year’s snap, she sported a floral print dress with buttons and a Peter Pan-style collar. For her fifth birthday, Charlotte was pictured helping her brothers and their parents to load a van with food and deliver meals for people in need in Norfolk. Kate often takes the photos of her children shared for milestones like birthdays and has become something of a royal family photographer over the years. Last week Prince Louis’ fourth birthday was marked with the release of pictures of him taken by Kate. The photographs show Charlotte’s younger brother enjoying a day out at the beach in Norfolk. Charlotte was born at the private maternity Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital in Paddington on May 2, 2015. The youngster weighed 8lb 3oz. Charlotte was last spotted in public when she accompanied her parents and brother George for the annual Easter service at St George’s Chapel in Windsor. At the event, the royal siblings were pictured chatting with the Dean of Windsor, The Right Revd David Conner. The Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Charlotte arrived in matching sky-blue outfits. Kate wore an A-line Cinderella-blue coat dress from Emilia Wickstead, which featured a belted waist and full-length sleeves. While her daughter sported a pastel blue smock dress from Rachel Riley, paired with matching ribbed tights and a navy-blue cardigan.