Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning sensation has managed to gain more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Nicola Haines asked: “I need tips on how to clean my oven please. “I have never cleaned an oven before and I have no idea what to use and how to use it! “I remember seeing loads of people leaving their wire racks on the lawn overnight - is that worth doing? “If so, do you clean them beforehand and then leave them outside or just leave them without trying to clean them? “I feel so thick when it comes to things like this, but our oven is desperate for a clean and I have been putting it off due to me having no clue what to do!” READ MORE: How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method Nicola’s post was inundated with tips from Mrs Hinch fans. The most suggested hack was to use a product called Oven Pride. Breege Mc Nally said: “Get Oven Pride and follow the instructions. Great result. “I use a small paint brush to apply it.” Ann Hall commented: “I use Oven Pride oven cleaning kit. “Put all shelves into the bag provided tip half the liquid in and tip up and down. DON'T MISSWeeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [INSIGHT]‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns [UPDATE]I tried the £1 air fryer cleaning hack - the results were astounding [ANALYSIS] “Leave outside overnight the shelves wash clean. “You put remainder of the liquid on the bottom and wipe around inside. It will all wash off next day.” Nicki Jefferies suggested: “Oven Pride in a box from Tesco, or B&M or other stores. “Instructions on the box. Do use the gloves provided. “I use bag for shelves and glass from doors, and carefully on the bottom. “Leave overnight, then you don’t need too much scrubbing to do.” Pat Gregory said: “Oven Pride. Put racks in bag overnight, pour a bit on the bottom of oven leave overnight! “Looks like new, it’s brilliant.” Sue Sargison Was Mellor suggested: “I use Oven Pride. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Pop racks in the bag provided with most of the liquid. “Save a bit to wipe over the inside of the oven, soak overnight, then I cut the corner off the bag and let clean water run through it and they come up like new. So very easy.” Oven Pride Deep Oven Cleaner is £3 from ASDA. Oven Pride Deep Cleaner is also available from Waitrose and Sainsbury’s for £4. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using washing powder, Pink Stuff paste and putting the oven racks on the grass overnight. Chris Cunliffe said: “Apparently, if you leave them in the lawn overnight, the enzymes in the grass break down the stuck-on grease etc.  “Then just wipes off in the morning, never tried it but supposed to work.” Sandra Jones commented: “I use Pink Stuff paste, but I do clean my oven out every week.” Lisa Crossen said: “Put newspaper on lawn then lay racks down. “Spray oven cleaner, leave it to sit in the sun for a few hours. “Wipe off and they will be clean as can be.” Sandy Davies replied: “Soak the racks in plenty of biological washing powder and some hot water and leave overnight.”