Johnny Depp, 58, is currently suing his ex-wife Amber Heard, 36, for defamation over an article she published in 2018 where she claimed she was a "public figure representing domestic abuse". Johnny believed the story to do damage to his reputation and career, even though he was not mentioned by name. Johnny's ex-fiancé and fellow Hollywood icon Jennifer Grey, 62, has shared her heartbreak in a recent interview over the defamation trial, wishing it would just "resolve". Jennifer and Johnny were briefly engaged in 1989, prior to Johnny's relationship with Winona Ryder. In her memoir Out Of The Corner, released last week Jennifer admitted their relationship began to fail when the Pirates of the Caribbean star began to commute between Vancouver and Los Angeles. Jennifer spoke in a recent interview about the trial and how she feels about seeing such a public commotion. She said: "All I can say about that trial is that it breaks my heart for everybody involved. READ MORE: Will Young speaks out on death of twin brother Rupert for first time "I just think it's sad and I wish it was resolved. I just wish everybody well", she told Entertainment Tonight. However, in her recent memoir, the Dirty Dancing actress wrote that during their relationship Johnny was "crazy jealous" and "paranoid". When Johnny was away travelling and would return, Jennifer claimed: "He’d started missing his flights home to LA having overslept or, when he did come home, he’d be crazy jealous and paranoid about what I’d been up to while he was gone. "I attributed his ill-temper and unhappiness to him feeling miserable and powerless to get off [the TV series] 21 Jump Street." She even further claimed in her memoir that the Hollywood actor would get into "bar fights" and arguments with the police. Jennifer continued: "Johnny was commuting every week back and forth from Vancouver, but had begun more and more regularly to be getting into trouble: fights in bars, skirmishes with cops." This comes as Amber testified in court that Johnny was physically and verbally abusive to her in 2014 during a private plane ride. Amber further claimed Johnny was like this because of his jealousy while she was working with James Franco on The Adderall Diaries. DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes says he's in wife Ruth Langford's 'bad books' [COMMENT] Inside Paul O'Grady's tranquil life on his own idyllic farm [INSIGHT] Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left 'exhausted' by 'hellish' stroke plot [ITV] Amber has been given her evidence in the trial this week, showing pictures, videos and voice recordings from their tumultuous relationship. In one incident on Thursday, Amber came face-to-face with Johnny as she left the stand and he went for a cigarette break. As Amber stood up and moved away from the stand, Johnny moved towards the actress to exit the room at the door located next to the stand. Amber seemed to physically shudder with a terrified look on her face, as she took several steps back, hitting into the coat hanger. Court officials then turned towards the former Pirates of the Caribbean star with their hands up, warning him to stand back. Surrounded by his attorneys, Johnny turned away and appeared to shrug and smile at his attorneys. The former couple have avoided eye contact throughout the whole trial, including when Amber has been giving her evidence in front of the actor. Johnny is suing for $50 million over the damage that he says an article she wrote for The Washington Post about suffering domestic violence did to his reputation and career, though it didn't name him as the abuser. Amber is then counter-suing the actor for $100 million. The trial continues and is expected to last around six weeks in total.