Queen Elizabeth, 96, lived through iconic decades for fashion, from her coronation in 1953 to the present day. Daniel O’Farrell, the bespoke jeweller, diamond expert and founder of DC Jewellery has commented on seven of the best outfits from each decade of the Queen's 70 year reign. He said: “One of her best looks to date has got to be her majestic coronation outfit of 1953, featuring symbolic floral embroidery from all over the UK and its territories. It was the brainchild of one of her favourite designers, Norman Hartnell.  “During the 1960s, the Queen wore quite a few sleeveless dresses by Norman Hartnell and Hardy Amies. “One of her best looks of the decade has got to be the Norman Hartnell designed cobalt blue tulle dress she wore at the banquet she threw in honour of the Kennedys’ visit to Buckingham Palace. “Also, one of her most unusual headpieces of the 1960s was definitely the pearl-encrusted, Tudor style Simone Mirman hat she wore to Prince Charle’s Investiture ceremony as the Prince of Wales.” By 1970, the Queen was 43-years-old. What was her style like during this decade? READ MORE: Anne follows in fashion footsteps of Queen with 'go-to solution'  Daniel added: “During the 1970s, we saw the Queen in more fun prints, very bright monochromatic outfits and billowing fabrics. “One of her best looks of this decade was her silver jubilee outfit, a bubblegum pink Hardy Amies dress paired with one of her most iconic headpieces of all time - a delightful Simone Mirman hat with 25 flower heads hanging from silk stems. “She accessorised with her £25million Williamson Pink Diamond brooch, which is encrusted with one of the rarest pink diamonds in the world and over 200 diamonds.” The 1980s were the decade when Princess Diana and Sarah Ferguson joined the Royal Family. How did the Queen approach style in this decade?  Daniel commented: “In the 1980s the Queen adopted tailored power silhouettes but continued to wear light and airy floral and printed dresses with elaborate hats that had eye-catching flowers in them. “The gown she wore to a 1983 banquet with the Reagans certainly grabbed attention with its very bold puffed sleeves with beaded frills.” How were the 1990s for Queen Elizabeth? Daniel explained: “In the 1990s, the Queen wore dozens of striking ball gowns, none as zany as the harlequin-style top and yellow skirt by Karl-Ludwig Rehse that she wore to the Royal Variety Show in 1999.  “By 2000, the Queen had settled into her trademark look, which consisted of vivid dress coats, quirky hats, and big brooches. “Her best look of the decade was what she wore at the unveiling of a statue of the Queen Mother in London in 2009. “It consisted of a light peach coat dress with the most fabulous fur cuffs and a matching fur hat.” How has the last decade been for the Queen’s fashion?  Daniel said: “Between 2010 and 2020, her best looks certainly involved very bright colours. “At the Trooping the Colour ceremony of 2016, she certainly proved how she never followed trends, but made them her own by wearing her boldest outfit ever - the brightest neon green coat dress and Stewart Parvin hat. “Her best outfit between 2020 and 2022 is definitely her charming red coat dress and matching hat that she wore for Christmas at Windsor Castle in 2020. “She can teach us the value of investing in well-made accessories that last a lifetime, including her trusty Anello & Davide loafers, her Hermes scarves, as well as her customised Launer handbags, which she has been using since the 60s and reportedly has a collection of over 200.” 