Floyd Mayweather bizarrely took a ring girl's card during his exhibition boxing match versus Don Moore on Saturday. The undefeated icon was clearly in a good mood as he contested his first bout since drawing with Logan Paul last summer.  The fight lasted the full eight rounds but prior to the penultimate one, the 45-year-old decided to have some fun. Firstly, he took the card being held by the ring girl to mark the start of the following period. Mayweather paraded it to the fans around the ring holding it high above his head, which was met with cheers from the crowd. The former champion returned the card and had a little dance with the ring girl with a huge smile on his face. While she did not dance, the ring girl smiled and joked with the boxing legend, who was clearly enjoying every second of his lucrative boxing 'showcase' as she held up the card to signal the start of the next round. Mayweather showed his class as he dominated his former sparring partner Moore during a complete mismatch in the Middle East. JUST IN: Anthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk date set to be confirmed as AJ returns to Saudi Arabia  The bout showed a vast difference in the skillsets of both fighters, and Mayweather knocked him down with 30 seconds remaining of the final round. The boxing legend set the tone early by using his speed and fast hands to assert his authority. As ever the showman, Mayweather did his best to entertain the fans as he winked at the camera and called an extension of the time to three-minute rounds when approaching the midway point. Moore, who also went undefeated in his boxing career, tried his utmost to strike his opponent, but they were tame and Mayweather’s defensive capabilities enabled him to easily dodge them. The pair embraced at the end of the contest although no winner was announced, the 45-year-old was delighted with his display and revealed he already has another fight lined up. "I would like to thank everybody in the UAE, the media, and everybody who covered this fight. This is one of the best country's in the world," Mayweather said post-match. "Don Moore is still undefeated, we are both still undefeated. I will bring another fight back to the UAE this year. It's a secret. “I don't want to let the cat out the bag right now. But we have an opponent, and I choose the UAE." It is reported that Mayweather who is expected to have earned around $100 million for his latest fight. 