Last year, it was reported that Captain America 4 was in the works, following Anthony Mackie’s Sam Wilson taking up the shield in The Falcon and the Winter Soldier. Marvel Studios are yet to officially announce the blockbuster, but now insiders are sharing more information on the upcoming project, including the appearance of Oscar Isaac’s superhero following his MCU debut on Disney+ show Moon Knight. According to Giant Freakin Robot’s trusted and proven sources, Moon Knight has a role to play in Captain America 4. This would be the superhero’s MCU movie debut following the six-part Disney+ series. It’s not clear at this stage if this would be a cameo or a co-starring role like Scarlet Witch in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Everything Always is also reporting Isaac’s character will be in Captain America 4, which The Falcon and The Winter Soldier’s screenwriter is set to pen. Geekosity points out that Sebastian Stan’s Bucky and Danny Ramirez returning as Joaquin Torres, to reportedly play the new Falcon, means all the characters have a military background in common. Sam Wilson was a US Air Force pararescue airman, Torres is a US Air Force lieutenant and Bucky was a World War II sergeant. Meanwhile, Moon Knight’s Marc Spector is a former US Marine, so there’s certainly an inroad plot-wise here. It’s also reported by Everything Always that what will bring these superheroes together is the threat of the Secret Empire. In Marvel Comics, the Secret Empire is a HYDRA splinter group. If you thought that was exciting, there’s been rumblings from last year of Chris Evans returning to play an evil alternate version of Cap. Deadline reported last year that the original Captain America star was nearing a deal for an MCU return, although the actor tweeted “News to me” at the time, possibly playing it coy. Insider Daniel Richtman has also claimed that he could well be playing the HYDRA Cap last seen in the, you guessed it, Secret Empire Marvel Comics storyline. DON'T MISSFalcon and Winter Soldier theory: Old Cap returned to alive Old Peggy [OLD CAP]Falcon and The Winter Soldier theory: US Agent will join Dark Avengers [US AGENT]Captain America: ‘Anthony Mackie will feature in Black Panther 2’ [BLACK PANTHER 2] With the MCU embracing the multiverse, it looks like anything is possible, including an evil Steve Rogers played by Chris Evans being Captain America 4’s villain. After a variant of Hayley Atwell’s Captain Carter showed up in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, perhaps another version of her character might pop up too? Whatever the case, Captain America 4 is looking to be quite the MCU event. SOURCES: HOLLYWOOD REPORTER GIANT FREAKIN ROBOT GEEKOSITY DEADLINE