Netflix’s award-winning crime series, Ozark made its highly anticipated return to screens with part two of its fourth and final season. Although the finale was met with a ton of criticism, the showrunner Chris Mundy, addressed the possibility of a spin-off.  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Ozark season four, part two. Since 2017, fans have been hooked on the thrilling crime series, which left fans on the edge of their seats with its unpredictable scenes. The show followed Marty Byrde (played by Jason Bateman) as he embarked on a gripping journey after agreeing to launder $500 million in under five years for the Navarro drug cartel. When season four returned in January, he and his family were close to figuring a way out and leaving the life of crime behind them. However, the return of part two saw unexplainable twists and unexpected deaths, which left fans completely divided.   READ MORE: DI Ray star airs concerns over ‘racist’ character in ITV series The season saw the return of ex-drug addict Rachel Garrison (Jordana Spiro) who had turned a new leaf in Miami and returned to the Ozarks to help Ruth run the water boat casino. After closing the case on Helen Pierce’s (Janet McTeer) disappearance, the disgraced cop turned private investigator Mel Sattem (Adam Rothenberg) also made a comeback to help find Ben Davis (Tom Pelphrey). As well as going up against the Navarro cartel, both Marty and his wife Wendy (Laura Linney) were forced to face a custody battle and major threats to their business. However, according to fans, worst of all the show had four major deaths, Omar Navarro (Oscar Solis), Javi Elizondro (Alfonso Herrera), Mel Sattem and the dramatic curveball, Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner).  Despite the gripping episode, many fans were left disappointed by the finale and took to social media to share this. Fan @Ms_T1ff wrote: “The ending of Ozark was awful, justice for Ruth.” A disappointed @richonnescamino added: “Genuinely would have preferred Ruth’s daydream of killing Wendy & Marty over the ending we got I’m so serious.” A fuming @AskIlllzzz stated: “I stayed up all night watching Ozark for it to be the literal worst ending ever imaginable. I can't.”  DON'T MISS...Countryfile viewers slam Adam Henson over horrifying lamb segment [REACTION]Ozark's Javi Elizondro star pays tribute to Laura Linney [INSIGHT]Ozark ending: Fans slam ‘unsatisfying’ outcome for the Byrdes [REACTION] However, despite the negative feedback, there were a number of viewers who loved and appreciated the finale. This includes @JustAlyxxCentral who shared: “I thought the series finale to [Ozark] was perfect for the story it was telling.” They added: “Not everything has to have a happy ending and sometimes the bad guys DO get away with it. That's real life.“ @EatDaMulz274 agreed: “That was the perfect ending to one of the best series ever made.” 