The pensioner says he will fight his parking fine "all the way" amid a furious row with council chiefs. Dick Cox was hit with the penalty charge after stopping on a high street to pick up medication for his disabled wife. Incredibly, his wife was in the car when the ticket was handed out by a warden and the couple had a blue badge displayed. Mr Cox, who was inside Boots collecting pain relief when the incident occurred, said he was "stunned" to return and find his wife, Mary, in distress with a ticket from a warden. He has been accused of "misuse of a blue badge" by parking in the disabled bay when it was his wife who had the ailment. And so far he has been unsuccessful in having the fine overturned. READ MORE: Loophole allows dodgy dealers to sell deathtrap cars The 78-year-old told Ayrshire Live he has no intention of paying the outstanding amount. He said: "I was able to provide the warden with evidence that I had been collecting my wife's pain medication. "The rules clearly state that other people can't use your badge to go and collect something for you – unless they are travelling with you. "Well, that's what my wife was doing here. She was sat in the passenger seat and has serious mobility problems after a hip replacement and spinal issues. DON'T MISSParking nightmare as ‘every single car’ on street is ticketed [SHOCKING]Driver who refused parking fine as it was in English wins court fight [INSIGHT]Electric car popularity may see shipping fires spike - 'catastrophic' [WARNING] "Yet I've been told that had I moved her out of the car and onto the pavement, everything would have been fine. “It is a total nonsense and I will fight this all the way. "If I have to get my lawyer involved and go down that route then I will. It's now a point of principle and I will not pay the fine." But council bosses, who are implementing rules set nationally, insist they were right to dish out the fine to Mr Cox. Kevin Braidwood, head of roads at the Ayrshire Roads Alliance, said: "Blue Badge holders are entitled to park in many places which are normally off limits, however, there are rules which the holders must adhere to. "One of the rules is that holders should not allow non-disabled people to take advantage of their parking benefits while they sit in the car." Express.co.uk reached out to the council for comment. The distribution of blue badges is tightly controlled by the Government and only applies to those who meet certain criteria. They include not being able to walk, having a terminal illness, having a child under three with a medical condition and extreme fear of open spaces. A Blue Badge can give drivers exemption from some parking restrictions and access to designated parking spaces. It can take up to three months after applying to receive a blue badge. Holders can park free of charge at on-street parking meters and in Pay and Display bays. They can also park on single or double yellow lines for up to three hours, except where there is a ban on loading or unloading.