Royal commentators Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi have talked about Meghan and Harry's upcoming UK trip on the latest episodes of their Royally Us podcast. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are set to fly from LA to London to spend time with the rest of the Royal Family and all the households gather to mark the Queen's seventy years on the British throne. Ms Ross told the podcast that the couple "won't be seen much' as celebration organisers at Buckingham Palace look to ensure attention remains focused on Her Majesty. Ms Ross told Royally Us: "Meghan and Harry will be there for the celebrations. "I think that they will mostly take part in private celebrations. "I don't think we're going to see them very much, to be honest. "But they're there, they're part of the family but they're not taking away from the story." The royal watcher continued: "If they didn't go the story would be they're not allowed to go. "But, and if they were there and they were front and centre on the balcony again, they would be the main headlines. "I feel like we're gonna see a lot of decisions in the next couple of weeks that are really forcing a redirection of the conversation to the Queen. "All of this is about the Queen, it's not about the drama with Harry and Megan, it's not about the drama with Andrew."  Ms Ross added: "It's really about her Majesty Queen Elizabeth and her seventy years on the throne. "So I think we're gonna see a lot of these careful considerations, that sort of redirect that spotlight." Harry and Meghan confirmed last Friday that they were "excited and honoured" to attend the commemorations for the monarch's milestone in June with their eldest child Archie and his sister Lilibet. During her Diamond Jubilee celebrated in 2012 the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh made an extensive tour of the country over a three-month period. DON'T MISS Prince Harry blasted for 'skewering Firm in a thousand ways' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan exit would have gone 'differently' if Diana was alive [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry had to grapple with "lot of disdain' from royal aides [REPORT]   Details have been released about some of the arrangements for the Platinum Jubilee with gathering of royals on the Buckingham Palace balcony, after the Trooping the Colour ceremony, limited to just working royals and with the Duke of York and Harry and Meghan omitted from the line-up. The monarch's decision to only include royals carrying out official public duties was taken "after careful consideration", Buckingham Palace said. The symbolic move is likely to be interpreted as a snub to the Sussexes, who quit the monarchy for a new life in the US two years ago, and to Andrew, who was cast out of the institution over his civil sexual assault case. On June 2, Trooping the Colour, the sovereign's official birthday parade, will kick start the four days of Jubilee festivities, with 18 members of the royal family set to gather on the famous frontage, with the Queen "looking forward" to the weekend of celebrations.