David and Victoria Beckham’s son Brooklyn, 23, has unveiled yet another tattoo on his body, this time in tribute to his wife Nicola Peltz’s grandmother. Nicola, 27, gushed over the new inking as she was clearly touched by the gesture. Nicola, whose father is billionaire businessman Nelson Peltz, posted a video of the adorable tat, a tiny and simple design of a rabbit. "My heart just melted,” she wrote, alongside a tearful emoji. “He got a tat for my naunni [heart]. Her name is bunny @brooklynpeltzbeckham I love you so much!" she added. In the video, the tattooist wipes down Brooklyn’s fresh new inking. He’s been on a roll with them recently - the chef and photographer also had his wedding vows etched on his skin last week. READ MORE: Raquel Welch, 81, in daring look as ageless beauty stuns fans In an Instagram Story shared in view of his 14 million Instagram followers, Brooklyn gave fans a glimpse of the piece. The lengthy text was placed on his inner arm and features small black cursive writing. The inking reads: "Nicola when you walked down the aisle you took my breath away you look so beautiful tonight and always. "Let me start by saying that words cannot even describe my love for you just looking at you I see my future and it feels like a dream. “You are my world and I continue to fall more in love with you every single day. “Having you in my life is the best thing that has ever happened to me as you have made me become the man I am today.” The piece, which featured the vows he said during his nuptials last month, make clear just how in love with his bride Brooklyn is. It continued: “I have been looking forward to this day for so long, because today is the day I get to marry you, my forever babe, my love and my best friend, Nicola - today you become my partner, my other half - and my family and because of that I am the luckiest man in the world to be able to spend the rest of my life with you. DON'T MISS...Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [RIFT]Mel Gibson, 66, unrecognisable as he is spotted in Glasgow [PHOTOS] Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [ADMISSION] “I promise to be the best partner, the best husband and man and to always take care of you, to make you laugh, feel safe and more importantly loved.” Brooklyn’s statement concluded: “I can't wait to live out our dreams together and have lots of babies and be yours forever because you are forever mine." His body turning into a shrine for his stunning wife, Brooklyn also has a drawing of Nicola’s eyes and her name, both on his neck. Plus, he got a love letter from his now-wife tattooed across the top of his back. In the heartfelt message, Nicola, who brands her beau “incredible”, refers to herself as “your future wifey”. She penned: "My forever boy. Read this anytime you feel anxious. I want you to know how deeply loved you are. "You have the kindest heart I've ever met and hope I never go a day without your love. "I think you are so incredible. Just we can get through it all together if you breathe slow and trust. I love you beyond. Love always, your future wifey."