 Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and her husband, Prince William, will take part in the third and final garden party at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday. The couple will be joined by Princess Beatrice, Prince Edward, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. They will meet some of the 8,000 guests on the Queen’s behalf, the monarch having not attended any of the annual parties this year due to ongoing mobility issues.  Kate and William have become increasingly more visible members of the Royal Family in recent months, also carrying out more celeb-like activities, like their attendance of the premiere of Top Gun: Maverick in Leicester Square last week. During the star-studded event, Kate and William mingled with Hollywood’s Tom Cruise and Jennifer Connelly. Body language expert Darren Stanton has since analysed the royals’ appearance and has claimed the couple fit in perfectly with the stars. Speaking on behalf of Slingo, Mr Stanton said: “Both Kate and William were dressed impeccably, William in a Tuxedo and Kate in a black and white dress.  “From the way they conducted themselves on the red carpet if you did not know who they were you could quite easily believe they were Hollywood stars themselves as they exuded confidence and happiness at being front and centre of the event. “There was a really nice moment when Tom Cruise assisted Kate stepping up from the red carpet and took her hand, which she seemed to really enjoy and the actor was beaming throughout the whole interaction.” Cruise reportedly “loves the royals”, and previously treated the duke and duchess to a screening of the Top Gun sequel. The actor invited the couple, having found out that William, a trained search and rescue pilot, was a huge fan of the original movie.  While on the red carpet last week, Cruise said he and the duke had “a lot in common”, and explained: "We both love England, and we're both aviators, we both love flying." Top Gun’s leading man also played an unexpected part in the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Cruise joined forces with Damian Lewis, Bridgerton star Adjoa Andoh and Alan Titchmarsh to take Britons on ‘A Gallop Through History’ at the Royal Windsor Horse Show earlier this month. A total of 1,300 performers, 500 horses and a celeb-clad cast told stories of royal history in a theatrical, equestrian show.  Speaking to ITV, the actor said: “It’s a real privilege. I was just very honoured [when I was asked to be part of the Jubilee celebrations]. “She’s [the Queen] just a woman that I greatly admire. I think she is someone who has tremendous dignity and I admire her devotion. “What she has accomplished has been historic.” He added: “I love the history of England and I just have great respect for the Queen.  “So when they asked I instantly said ‘Yeah, it would be my honour’. It’s wonderful.” Her Majesty’s Jubilee celebrations will culminate in a special four-day weekend next week. Commencing on Thursday June 2, the royal extravaganza will include the Queen’s annual birthday parade, aka Trooping the Colour, a pop concert at Buckingham Palace and street parties across the nation. The monarch’s attendance will not be confirmed until the day in question, but it is expected that other members of the Royal Family, such as William, Kate, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, will take on central roles.