Starz gangster drama Power first debuted on the American network back in 2014. The show had humble beginnings and followed James ‘Ghost’ St Patrick (played by Omari Hardwick), who presented himself as a hardworking businessman and club owner but was also New York’s biggest drug lord. Power built up a global fandom which couldn’t get enough of Ghost’s attempts to get out of the game and unite with high school sweetheart Angela Valdes (Lela Loren). Power ran for six seasons between 2014 and 2020, coming to an end after this. The sixth and final outing of Power was super-sized to 15 episodes over the usual 10 instalments. Season six was split in half with the first nine episodes airing in one block with a short hiatus and then the remaining six came out. These remaining six became a whodunit as each instalment analysed who could have shot Ghost with each of the suspects having their motives. READ MORE: Power: What was it really like to shoot the sex scenes? Stars open up Sadly, there aren’t anymore seasons of the original Power series which concluded with the assassination of lead character Ghost. There were lots of conspiracy theories flying around suggesting Ghost somehow managed to dodge the bullet. But all the speculation was to bed when Ghost’s funeral played out on screen with many fans upset at the demise of the character. Lead star Hardwick previously revealed he had other ideas about how he thought Ghost might go out, hoping his onscreen alter-ego would get taken down in a blaze of glory à la Denzel Washington in the movie Man On Fire. He revealed how he emailed creator Courtney Kemp with his idea, saying it would be an “eye for an eye, a life for a life” scenario where Ghost had to once more bail out his brother in arms Tommy Egan (Joseph Sikora). Kemp liked the idea and even shared it with actor Sikora who wanted to up the ante even more and make the bromance between Ghost and Tommy more intense. Hardwick said he, Kemp and Sikora thrashed out a “Romeo and Romeo” situation, telling Entertainment Weekly: “So when Ghost dies, Tommy can't live without Ghost and Tommy takes his life and he falls on top of the body of Ghost. That's what I thought should happen." Despite this dramatic close, Power ended very differently with Ghost meeting his maker in another manner, which set up the story for Power Book II: Ghost. DON'T MISS...Naturi Naughton salary: How much is Tasha St Patrick star paid? [EXPLAINER]Joseph Sikora salary: How much was Joseph Sikora paid for Power? [ANALYSIS]Lela Loren height: How tall is Power star Lela Loren? [INSIGHT] The show was originally expected to run for seven seasons and follow HBO’s critically-acclaimed drama The Sopranos. Speaking about the end of the series, Power producer Curtis ’50 Cent’ Jackson previously told TV Fanatic in 2021 how he was “mirroring the success” of The Sopranos. He explained: “That's what I could use to gauge how long you should go when it's going great.” The rapper and producer continued: “And then we actually went the seven-season timeframe, but we did six and a half, and then technically Ghost started seven days after Power with all the results of what happened in Power. So, we technically are filming season nine of Power.” Although Power has ended for good, the universe continues to expand with Kemp comparing it to the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Fans of Power have several spin-off shows to sink their teeth into including Power Book II: Ghost, Power Book III: Raising Kanan, and Power Book IV: Power. A fifth show Power Book V: Influence is in development but there has been little else about the spin-off following Councilman Rashad Tate (Larenz Tate). Book II has been renewed for a third season while both Book III and IV have also been greenlit for second outings. Power seasons 1 to 6 are streaming on Netflix UK now