According to recent statistics, international applications to UK universities are set to rise by nearly 50 percent within the next five years. The figures may come as a surprise after recent reports suggested the number of pupils admitted to Oxford University from EU countries has halved in the past five years, according to the University’s annual admissions report, which further suggested the decline was expected as a result of Brexit.  But recent figures from Universities and Colleges Admissions Service (UCAS) suggest otherwise, with the service predicting applications will increase by 46 percent to 208,500 by 2026. The survey was conducted amongst 1,200 students across 116 countries who are planning to study internationally which revealed the surprising statistics. Some students praised the NHS and the English language as factors for choosing to study in the UK. The new report by UCAS – titled Where Next? What influences the choices international students make? – shows that during the pandemic, 88 percent of students viewed the UK as a positive or very positive place to study, with 77 percent applying thanks to the country’s strong academic reputation. Students gave various reasons for wanting to study in the UK, with 80 percent of students from Nigeria wanting to gain skills that would help them in their careers, while 75 percent of Indian students wanted a “better quality” university. It was also found that students are five times more likely to say securing a job in their destination country is their top priority, with two-thirds of international students planning on self-funding their studies. Clare Marchant, UCAS chief executive, said: “International students are showing extraordinary resilience – the universal appeal of living and studying in another country continues. “Despite the challenges of the pandemic, international students have pursued the opportunities available to them and we forecast sustained growth in interest to study in the UK to continue into the next decade. READ MORE: M&S closures herald destruction of high street as 32 stores axed  “Our findings from this joint research with College Board focus on international students’ mindsets and what they want from their higher education experience. “To continue to inspire and support international students to cross borders, the global higher education community should personalise applicants’ experiences, using information that’s relevant and useful for specific countries to share the outstanding opportunities on offer.” Linda Liu, College Board’s vice president of international, added to that: “As we are on the precipice of the world reopening, these results reaffirm the desire of so many students to study in another country.” “We see this desire manifest in our programs at the College Board, from the many students who want to send their SAT scores to universities outside of their home country to the record-setting number of students taking AP (Advanced Placement) exams outside the US.” DON'T MISS:‘Tarnished by toxic culture’ Boris rattled as frontbencher RESIGNS [ANALYSIS]Brexit LIVE: Remainer plot EXPOSED - 'Whitehall shenanigan' punishment [COMMENT]'Dramatic increase' EU red tape unravels as fruit STILL full of toxins [INSIGHT]  But other UCAS figures have counteracted this, with data revealing only 31,670 EU students applied in the 2020-2021 period, which was 50% less than before Brexit. However, this figure could be down to a number of circumstances surrounding that period, including the worldwide pandemic which left many students in lockdown. Vice-chancellor at Oxford University Professor Louise Richardson said the “decline was expected as a result of the changing fee regime occasioned by Brexit, but it is stark”. The university’s report also found the number admitted from the EU has halved from eight percent of overall students to four percent. The proportion of British students increased slightly to 82 percent, compared with a Russell Group average of 73 percent. 