Gregory Porter is a two-time Grammy winning performer, whose most well-known songs are L-O-V-E and Liquid Spirit. He is rarely spotted without his Kangol Summer Spitfire, which has a modified strap. The talented performer has spoken about his signature hat on several occasions. In a 2012 interview with Jazzweekly.com, he was asked: “What's with the weird and wonderful hat?" Gregory replied: "I've had some surgery on my skin, so this has been my look for a little while and will continue to be for a while longer. "People recognise me by it now. It is what it is.” READ MORE: Prince Charles is 'in no mood to help' Camilla on royal engagements He has been known to refer to the headgear as a "jazz hat". In 2014, he was asked about the hat again on The Andrew Marr show. Referring to him as "the guy with the hat", the presenter asked Gregory why he always wears his famous Kangol Summer Spitfire. The singer explained that the hat "sticks" in people's minds, using Andrew Marr as an example. He answered: "If I can just get in with the hat and then sneak in with the music - I've got a whole wicked plan." In 2016, he was asked again about the hat, on Radio 2 in concert, but the star doesn't mind his fans asking questions. He said: "I'm a public person and people just want to know, 'Hey, what's behind that voice, what's behind that hat, what colour are your eyes?' "It's okay, but it's just my thing. It's my style. "You look at anybody and there's something that they do that's uniquely theirs." Unsurprisingly, people have taken to social media over the years to discuss Gregory Porter's beloved hat. With the singer very rarely spotted without it, one fan, @doubledown53, tweeted: "It seems every time I see Gregory Porter I then Google, 'Gregory Porter without hat'." @CopycatDan believes that the hat has become wholly synonymous with the star. He posed the question: "Is Gregory Porter still wearing that hat? If he isn't wearing it, is he still Gregory Porter? We just don't know." Attaching a photograph of the musician performing for Rolls Royce, @paddygrant said: "Gregory Porter. Batty hat. Amazing voice." However, there are some who are more interested in the hat than the vocals. @Redkez tweeted: "Ok shoot me down but there's more personality in Gregory Porter's hat than there is in his voice."