Thomas Markle Sr was rushed to hospital on Monday night having suffered a stroke. The Duchess of Sussex’s father was reportedly unable to speak and had to write down his symptoms on paper as he was loaded into an ambulance. He is reportedly in a Californian hospital and has been receiving “urgent medical treatment”. Thomas’ hospital admission has brought focus back onto his relationship with his estranged daughter. He is understood to have not spoken to Meghan since her Royal Wedding to Prince Harry in 2018. The former lighting director did not attend the nuptials having suffered a heart attack a few days prior. It came after he admitted to staging paparazzi photos in exchange for cash. Since then, Thomas has taken part in several high profile interviews, during which he has criticised his daughter and son-in-law. He has insisted that he will not stop talking to the media until Meghan makes contact. Richard Kay, royal expert and columnist, claimed Meghan’s rift with her father is one of the “most tragic and enduring” aspects of the Sussexes’ royal fallout. Writing for the Daily Mail on Wednesday, Mr Kay said: “The rift between Thomas Markle, his daughter and the son-in-law he has never met, has been one of the most tragic and enduring features of the entire Harry and Meghan saga. “It is also by some distance the saddest. For despite the pain and suspicion that undoubtedly still exists between Harry and his father Prince Charles and brother William, the Prince has not completely severed those royal bonds. “And although pointedly not invited to share the Buckingham Palace balcony, he and Meghan will be participating in next week's Platinum Jubilee.” Earlier this month, the Palace confirmed only working members of the Royal Family will accompany the Queen on the balcony following Trooping the Colour. The decision means Meghan, Harry, Prince Andrew and his two daughters — Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie — are excluded from the iconic royal scene. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan braced for ex-husband to expose story [LIVE BLOG]Royal Family: 'Compassionate' Meghan urged to visit sick dad [INSIGHT]Sharon Osbourne urges Meghan Markle to reunite with father [VIDEO] They are expected to attend other events during the celebratory weekend including a Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. Meghan and Harry will return to the UK with their children for the first time next week. Archie Harrison, three, has not come back since the Sussexes’ exit, while Lilibet Diana, 11-months, has never visited her father’s home country. Lilibet will celebrate her 1st birthday and meet her namesake, Queen Elizabeth II, for the first time during the trip. Meghan’s father was also hoping to meet his grandchildren during the Jubilee celebrations. Last month, he told GB News’ Dan Wootton: “I’m looking forward to it [flying over for the Jubilee]. “I’m going to show my respect for the Queen and I’m going to make sure that the Queen understands that my entire family respects the Queen and the Royals. “We admire them and we want them to know that’s how we feel about them and that’s how we feel about England.” He added that he’d “love to reach out” to his daughter and her family, “speak with them and try to figure out what was wrong and how we can repair it.”