After Elvis Presley separated from his wife Priscilla in 1972, The King started dating Miss Tennessee model Linda Thompson. The couple would live together at Graceland for the next four years, with his new lover getting to know daughter Lisa Marie Presley very well in her early childhood. Now the 71-year-old has reached out to Elvis’ daughter on Instagram, as the latter praised Baz Luhrmann’s upcoming biopic of her father and lamented that the music icon’s grandson Benjamin didn’t live to see it. Lisa Marie’s original post read: “Hello everyone, I haven’t posted in quite some time because there really isn’t much to say, as I am and will forever be mourning the loss of my son. Navigating through this hideous grief that absolutely destroyed and shattered my heart and my soul into almost nothing has swallowed me whole. Not much else aside from my other 3 children gets my time and attention any more. However, that being said, I do want to take a moment to let you know that I have seen Baz Luhrmann's movie “Elvis” twice now, and let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite. Austin Butler channelled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.” Lisa Marie added: “You can feel and witness Baz’s pure love, care, and respect for my father throughout this beautiful film, and it is finally something that myself and my children and their children can be proud of forever. What moved me to tears as well was watching Riley and Harper, and Finley afterwards, all 3 visibly overwhelmed in the best way possible way, and so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced. It breaks my heart that my son isn’t here to see it. He would have absolutely loved it as well. I can’t tell you enough how much I love this film and I hope you love it too. Everyone involved poured their hearts and souls into it, which is evidenced in their performances. Baz, your utter genius combined with your love and respect for my father and this project is just so beautiful and so inspiring. I know I'm being repetitive, but I don’t care, Thank you for setting the record straight in such a deeply profound and artistic way. Love you ~LMP.” One of the top comments was Linda’s touching reply, which Lisa responded to simply with a heart emoji. Linda wrote to Lisa Marie: “You are forever in my heart and soul - right alongside your dad. You have suffered such a profound tragedy and loss… One that no parent should ever experience. My heart hurts for you. I love you always and forever…I have from the first moment I met you. Yisa Marisa… yours is the only endorsement I need to embrace this film! The trailers look thrilling…Baz has a unique style. I’m so glad you are happy with the movie.” The King’s ex celebrated Elvis’ daughter’s birthday earlier this year with a string of pictures on her Instagram. DON'T MISSGraceland upstairs: Priscilla modified Elvis' bed to avoid injuries [GRACELAND UPSTAIRS]Priscilla Presley's Elvis movie verdict 'Austin Butler is outstanding' [PRISCILLA]Elvis movie ‘not biopic’ – Austin Butler on capturing King's humanity [ELVIS MOVIE] Linda wrote at the time: “Happy birthday to the beautiful and talented @lisampresley who was such a big part of my life and heart - and with whom I share so many incredible memories.” The year before she captioned a similar post: “I am wishing everything wonderful for you @lisampresley on the occasion of your birthday today…and every single day of your life! You are such a big and beautiful part of my memories with your beloved daddy. And I hope you know my heart is always with you and I am always here for you. I have always loved you and I always will...Happy birthday!” Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022.