Bike specialist Tim Gunn explained the moving moment as The Repair Shop guest John become emotional while he talked about his late wife during a Jubilee Special episode. Explaining the moment to Gethin Jones on BBC's Morning Live, the restorer explained how it can be "hard to take in" the touching stories often heard on the tear-jerking BBC show. "Tim, when I watched The Repair Shop, I always think for any of you guys, for any of your expertise, it's the human story that comes through," presenter Gethin remarked. He went on to ask the specialist about how such stories impact him. "And the stories that you take on, and I think this is one of the most emotional ones we've seen on The Repair Shop for a while. "And it's to do with John, who wants to get a bike fixed, doesn't he? READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? "But it's a very special bike with a very special meaning." A segment of the scene showed John explaining to Tim: "My wife sadly passed away last year - cancer." Becoming tearful, he continued to explain they had been married for 48 years and together for 50. "I mean she was incredibly brave," he managed to say as he became overwhelmed with emotion. "And when she died I thought well, we're coming to another Jubilee year and I'll try and get this sorted... it is in a sorry state." "Tim, give us an insight into what you're thinking when John's telling that story," Gethin requested following the clip. "It was a very strange experience because for me it's about the bicycle," he replied. "But when you are listening to John's story or a story like that you just kind of... you can't take it all in you know. DON'T MISS... Liverpool MP recalls horror of 'police brutality: 'Begging security' [VIDEO]Francois lauds return of imperial system 'Rolling back red tape' [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Heartbreak for Rocky as he suffers double rejection [THEORY] "And all you can do is try and do the best a job as possible that you can to try and put some soul and life back into the bike. "And I think it was all part of John's grieving process to be able to just bring the bike back to life and make it ridable again, and the fact that he was determined at the time to basically weld two bicycles together and he wanted to ride to France." Laughing, he added: "I don't think his wife was terribly enthusiastic about the project from what I know of the story. "But it was just such a magic, magic job to do and to be able to put soo much colour on the bike afterwards was just fantastic for me. "It was a very tough job because it wasn't a conventional bicycle. "Him and his friend on his farm had basically welded two bicycles together. "He'd been to a local bike shop and said, 'I'm going to make a tandem.' "And they all said, 'No no you can't do that', and he was determined to do it." The Repair Shop Jubilee Special airs on Wednesday at 8pm on BBC One, while Morning Live airs on weekdays from 9.15am on BBC One.