Netflix’s award-winning sci-fi series Stranger Things will return to screens with its highly-anticipated fourth season after almost a three-year hiatus. Actress Sadie Sink, who stars as Max Mayfield, shared why she found preparing for the role physically exhausting.  Viewers will finally be transported back to Hawkins, where things were left off on a cliffhanger. This included Joyce Byers’ (played by Winona Ryder) tough decision to leave the town with both her sons Jonathan Byers (Charlie Heaton) and Will Byers (Noah Schnapp). The beloved Jim Hopper (David Harbour) was also presumed dead after they were forced to close the Upside Down after had entered and he was left inside. Max’s brother Billy Hargrove (Dacre Montgomery) was also killed after he put his life on the line to save Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) from the Mind Flayer. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? Thankfully for fans, the cast was open about the storyline for the upcoming instalment without revealing any major spoilers. This was also the case for Sadie Sink who revealed her character Max would face a huge turn in events and would take a dark turn. As well as grieving the loss of her brother, fans are yet to find out just how dark things will get for the character. Speaking to Jimmy Kimmel, the actress also hinted season four would be “darker and scarier than ever.”  Ahead of the show’s premiere, Sadie opened up about the preparation she underwent to successfully portray Max. She also highlighted how difficult it was and revealed it was “physically exhausting”. Sadie disclosed: “I am so grateful for the Duffer Brothers for trusting me with Max’s storyline this season, being able to develop these different sides of her has been an absolute honor. “This season is definitely the heaviest I’ve ever done.” DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]How did Eleven lose her powers in Stranger Things? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 4 cast: Who is Eddie Munson actor Joseph Quinn? [INSIGHT] The actress continued: “The stakes are just so much higher this season. “Not only is it emotionally exhausting, it’s physically exhausting as well. “This season, I was really excited to get to know Max a little more, to show the audience different sides of her, different facets that we hadn’t explored yet,” she concluded. Despite the difficulties, in her interview with Jimmy Kimmel, she admitted Max was “fun to explore,” and added,“ it was like a nice challenge”. Speaking more on Max’s fate in season four, showrunner Ross Duffer described the character to IGN as the “emotional centre of the season.” Duffer stated: “In season 3, she relaxes into something and we get to see a more of a fun and comfortable version of Max. “But with season 4, she's reverted back to her old ways, but on another extreme, she took it to another level. “So, in some ways it feels familiar, but it's really, it's just heartbreaking to see. It's almost like the life has been drained out of her.” Stranger Things season 4 will premiere on Netflix on Friday, May 27.