Manchester United chief John Murtough has opened up on the club's decision to hire Erik ten Hag as their new manager. The Dutchman has left Ajax in order to work at Old Trafford. And he'll now be hopeful of reeling in the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. Manchester United considered naming Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui as their new manager. But it was announced last month that Ten Hag had secured the role, with the 52-year-old since being unveiled on Monday where he met fans and staff at Old Trafford. And Murtough, speaking at a fans forum, has now revealed the club have turned to the former Ajax boss because of his 'passion, energy and enthusiasm.' He said: “He showed passion, energy and enthusiasm for the challenge. “(There is a) long-term vision to build a successful, exciting team.” Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Ten Hag will be taking over a United team struck in a rut. At the start of last season, many expected them to challenge for the Premier League title after concluding transfer deals for the likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo. However, the Red Devils instead endured a wretched campaign under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick - finishing sixth in the table. Murtough has revealed the club are making ‘hidden changes’ at Carrington to ensure they’re ready for the start of the Ten Hag era. And the Dutchman himself believes it will 'take time' for the club to be back to the heights of old. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag He said: “What we are thinking about is this is a project, I know it takes time, but I also know that in this club, and I have the experience with other clubs like Ajax and Bayern Munich, at the top there’s never time. “But we want to win, we want every game, so we go from game to game and then we will see.” Ten Hag also revealed he found the mission ahead of United ‘exciting’, too. “I think many [reasons],” he said when asked why he’s looking forward to the job ahead. “First of all, we want to make the fans proud. Second, of course we are in this moment, the current situation is obviously not that good. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “It’s a big challenge. I want to build and construct a team who are battling for each other, who are unified and who will get results. “Also we are playing in the Theatre of Dreams. We want to entertain. But in the end, the intention is to play fantastic football. “If we can’t play fantastic football, we still have to win.” United have, historically, gone through some tough times. And Ten Hag also confirmed on Monday that he was fully aware of the club’s past as he targets success in the future. “Of course. I know the history of Man United, I know the big times and the audience, the vibe that can be around Old Trafford,” he said. “I watched them in their big times, when Sir Alex Ferguson was manager, during the really successful times when they won titles and were dominating Europe. “But also before Sir Alex, Man United was a really big club and I know names like [Sir Matt] Busby and [Sir Bobby] Charlton that gave Man United a presence to the outside world from winning, and winning in a spectacular way, winning so they entertain people. “What stays with me is there was always a fighting culture. “They fight together and they get success.”