Dan Cooper is also known as The Frustrated Gardener and is the founder of Dan Cooper Garden. His blog has been named number one in the world for flower gardening. He has appeared on BBC Gardener’s World, dispensing his knowledge. He started gardening when he was three. Now the expert believes physical limitations should not restrict your garden ambitions to have a multifunctional, beautiful outdoor space. He said: “Big plants, bold textures, and bright colours work brilliantly in small gardens, and with careful planning, they can be used for work, rest, and play. "I'd like everyone with a small garden to feel they can have big ideas.” So how does the expert suggest making your outdoor space look and feel bigger? READ MORE: 'Secret ingredients to transform your lawn' from gardening pro - 'create lawn of dreams' Dan told Express.co.uk: "There are lots of cunning ways to make a small garden feel bigger. "The easiest is to 'borrow' landscape beyond your boundary to give the illusion that your space extends far beyond: don't box yourself in if there's something attractive in the distance to draw your eye up and out." Making your garden appear as though it is part of the surrounding environment is key, Dan said. He told readers: "Distant hills, church spires, and trees in neighbouring parks and gardens are classic focal points. "Blur your boundaries with shrubs and climbers so the view appears continuous." DON'T MISSTop 10 perennials to grow from seed now that flower in the first year [EXPERT] Mum's ingenious method to eradicate weeds using old compost [GARDEN] How to grow perfect rhubarb: Mark Lane's expert guide [GARDENING HACKS] He went on: "Consider how you can lay out your garden to create a sense of mystery. "Hide fences with climbers and evergreen plants, and allow paths to meander behind a hedge, panel, or trellis to create a sense that something intriguing lies beyond. "There’s nothing like a gateway in a wall or fence to make you curious about what’s on the other side." He went on: "If you have a particularly narrow plot, laying out paving, beds, and lawns on the diagonal can cheat your eye into thinking the garden is wider than it is. "Staggering structural planting or ornamental features on either edge of the garden will encourage your gaze to bounce back and forth across the space rather than rush straight to the end. "You might also want to think about dividing a long garden into a series of ‘rooms’ that each has a different character and function." Mirrors are sometimes suggested by interior experts to increase the feeling of space in the garden. However, Dan encourages caution. "Mirrors are often suggested but they need to be used artfully and purposefully, otherwise, the illusion will be ruined," he said. "Consider the impact on wildlife, as birds may be fooled into flying into them." The expert encouraged Britons to think boldly with their garden design. He said: "Whatever you do, don't fall into the trap of scaling everything down to fit. "This won't make your garden appear bigger and the result could be fragmented and confusing. "Think big and bold, be simple with your planting, dramatic with your colours, and the space will expand before your very eyes."