A jury at Liverpool Crown Court took just over two hours to convict the 14-year-old, who cannot be named. The presiding judge said that following the verdict, “I can only impose a life sentence”. When the decision of the jury was read out in court, there were reportedly cheers from the public gallery, where more than twenty members of Ava’s family were sat. The juvenile, who appeared via video link throughout the two-week trial, is said to have put his head in his hands upon hearing the decision. During the trial, the boy had claimed he stabbed Ava in self-defence, and only wanted to “frighten her away”. The two were involved in an altercation on the evening of November 25 last year in Liverpool city centre, in which Ava was stabbed in the neck. READ MORE: Ava White trial: Twelve-year-old 'stabbed by boy with cheeky smile' The court heard the row had arisen concerning videos of Ava and her friends that the defendant and three other boys had recorded on Snapchat. The boy claimed earlier in the evening he had heard one of Ava’s friends threaten to stab his friend if he did not delete the video. The defendant told the jury: “I promise, I didn't mean to hit her.” Her friends said the boy “grinned” after stabbing her in School Lane, in Liverpool’s retail district. The court heard that after Ava was stabbed, the defendant ran away, discarded his knife and took off his coat, which was later found in a wheelie bin. He was then caught on CCTV in a shop, before going to a friend’s house – which is where his mother contacted him because the police wanted to speak to him. The boy admitted to possessing a knife, which was said to have a 7.5cm blade, but denied murder and manslaughter.  Presiding, Mrs Justice Yip told the boy: “In light of the jury's verdict, I think you know I can only impose a life sentence, but what I have to do is decide what the shortest amount of time that you will have to serve in custody is.” Sentencing has been adjourned until July 11 so that a pre-sentence report can be prepared. Justice Yip warned Ava’s family the court would take a different approach to sentencing because the case involved a child. She told them: “I'm sure whatever sentence I decide upon, after careful reflection, I'm afraid it will seem far too short.” Speaking outside the court, Detective Superintendent Sue Coombs, of Merseyside Police’s Protecting Vulnerable People Unit, said Ava’s family remained “completely devastated” as the “conclusion of this legal process by no means brings to an end their grief and suffering”. She noted it had been “heartbreaking” for them to have to revisit Ava’s final moments during the court case. DS Coombs added: “Ava's death has cruelly illustrated to us the devastation that can be caused by carrying and using knives and Merseyside Police will continue to work to combat knife crime.” Meanwhile, Joanne Anderson, the Mayor of Liverpool, said of the family: “The pain and suffering they have been through over the past months is unimaginable. “We can only hope that the verdict brings them some comfort.”