Madonna, 63, is said to have requested new “arm candy” to attend events with her following her split from backing dancer Ahlamalik Williams, 28. The Material Girl singer is also reportedly uninterested in dating men her age and finds wrinkles to be a “turn-off”. According to a source, the pop star would prefer someone “hard-bodied” who is in his late twenties. The source said: “Madonna has zero interest in dating someone her age. “The thought of grey hair or wrinkles is a massive turn-off. “What she wants is a hard-bodied, hot guy in his late twenties – someone who can keep up with her.” READ MORE: James Jordan's wife Ola addresses 'difficult' family farewell According to the same reports, Madonna is searching for the right beau to keep her company. The source continued: “She has requested that her team find her a handful of options – after signing a watertight NDA, of course. "This is a huge year for Madonna and she wants some quality arm candy to accompany her to events and help her de-stress behind the scenes,” they added to Heat magazine. Express.co.uk has contacted Madonna's representatives for comment. The claims come after reports emerged that the pop star had ended things with her boyfriend of three years. Madonna is said to have told friends she is single again after breaking up with the US dancer. A source said: “Madonna has thrown herself into a busy social life and has been seeing her friends and family after the split.” “Things have been on and off with Ahlamalik for a while. DON'T MISS...Amal Clooney, 44, wows in floral gown at Prince's Trust Awards [PICTURES]Martin and Shirlie Kemp's 'dream come true' for future grandchildren [INSIGHT]Michael Jackson’s horrific animal abuse exposed [LATEST] “There’s a lot of love but for now they have decided to separate. “They are still on good terms and there are no hard feelings but they are at different places with their lives.” The insider added to The Sun: “They spent months together on tour and in lockdown, but now he has moved out of her home. With them both working on other things, it was hard to keep their romance alight.” Ahlamalik began working with Madonna a few years before they started dating. He was part of the singer's Rebel Heart tour in 2015. The same year their relationship became public, Ahlamalik thanked Madonna for choosing him to participate in her song God Control, which depicted a mass shooting. He said: “Thank you Madonna for letting me be a part of a powerful message that speaks volumes on so many different levels. “The [world] needs to open their minds, along with their eyes.”