Leyla (played by Roxy Shahidi) was left horrified on Friday's trip to Emmerdale when she discovered Suzy (Martelle Edinborough) used to know Moira Barton's (Natalie J Robb) daughter, Holly Barton (Sophie Powles). The latter died six years ago after a drug overdose, leaving her family, friends and the rest of the village shattered. Though, it seems her death was partly because of what the newcomer to the ITV soap did and she spilt her guilty secret to her new drug buddy. The episode began with Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) asking Moira if Suzy and Leyla could join them for lunch at Barton's Farm. With the quartet all sitting down around the table, Suzy put her business cap on as she told the owner of the farm she could use the barn as a venue for weddings. Wanting to make the most profit possible, the newcomer also suggested Moira could use the adjacent farmland as an extension to the barn to host weddings. Moira told her this would never happen as her daughter Holly was buried on the land, and Suzy completely respected the farmer's decision. As Leyla started to fill in the missing pieces, it soon dawned on Suzy Moira's daughter was the same person she had used to do occasional drugs with. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay involved in Underworld takeover Realising she couldn't sit in the same room as Holly's mother anymore, Suzy made her excuses and left Leyla to conclude the meeting. When the pair later met in the café, the newcomer explained exactly how she knew Holly and it translated they used to work together. Suzy had brought on Holly as a photographer as they were both in the wedding event planning circle and they used to celebrate their successes by doing cocaine. One time, Suzy had given Holly some money to go and collect some drugs for her and for doing the job, the newcomer told Moira's daughter she could take half the money for herself. What she didn't realise at the time was Holly would use this money to buy the heroin which she would overdose on and later die from. Not realising Holly was an addict at the time, Suzy thought there was nothing wrong with giving her some extra money. However, she explained to Leyla when Holly turned up with the cocaine, she seemed different and things soon escalated between the pair. "I gave her both barrels and she said some really nasty stuff, I had never seen her like that before," the newcomer said. "I told her to take her lowlife junkie body back to the gutter where it belonged," Suzy continued, adding: "And that was it. "I didn't text, I didn't call. I deleted her number. I mean, what kind of mate does that, hey? Just abandon someone." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Sally Dexter: Star on family's history of heart problems [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] It wasn't until later in the episode Suzy realised the day she and Holly had parted ways was the day the deceased overdosed. Just before the end credits rolled, the newcomer was looking on social media and discovered how the day she last saw her friend coincided with her death. Sat with Leyla again, Suzy said: "September 29, the day she died, that was the last day I saw her." "You can't know that," Leyla replied, with Suzy telling her: "I told you, that was my birthday. So much for one time in a thousand. "The smack that killed her, I gave her the money for it," she said, horrified as it dawned on her that she was partly to blame for Holly's death. Next week, the discovery about Holly will make Suzy want to change her ways as she tells Leyla she no longer wants to do drugs. Not happy with this decision, Leyla will do everything she can to make her friend change her mind but it seems her efforts will be fruitless. Knowing she will need to take extreme action, Leyla could tell Suzy if she doesn't continue to help her with her drug habit, she will tell Moira everything. Blackmailed over her deadly secret and feeling immense guilt over Holly's death, the newcomer could see no other choice but to meet Leyla's demands. This could ultimately ruin their friendship but as the drug-taking continues, will one of them wound up dead as history repeats itself? Upon joining the cast, the actress who plays Suzy, Martelle, explained her secret coming out could ruin her future in the village. The newcomer shared: "She doesn't want anyone to know that she knew Holly, and she becomes really scared and worried. "Not that her cover has been blown as she's not trying to hide anything, but she doesn't realise the connections and now that she does, she's scared that people are going to blame her for things. "Moira's not a character you'd want to go up against, but I think Suzy would hold her own a little bit to a certain extent or she'll try. "But obviously she is riddled with guilt as well. I don’t know how it will pan out, but I think it will be really good," she told Digital Spy. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.