Several drivers across the UK have claimed that they do not plan on switching to an EV anytime soon after a driver received a £100 fine for waiting to charge his car after all the available chargers were occupied by fellow motorists. Last week, Express.co.uk reported that Richard Stewart, 64, was handed a £100 fine after he waited in a queue to charge his Jaguar I-PACE. The pest control company boss waited for almost an hour to charge his vehicle as all the available chargers were being used. Mr Stewart told The Sun that he chose to wait because he was picking up his wife, who is a key worker, from a nearby hospital after she supervised a specialist clinic. After returning from a coffee break, which lasted for 50 minutes due to the unavailability of chargers, the 64-year-old finally plugged his car in. READ MORE: British drivers slam the idea that elderly drivers are dangerous It then took him 70 minutes to charge his motor before driving off to collect his wife. The Jaguar driver received a parking fine for breaking the two-hour stay limit at the service station. Mr Stewart’s charging ordeal took him 20 minutes over the allowed stay. A photograph of the fine showed that the 64-year-old arrived at the service station at 11.44am and left at 14.06pm. DON'T MISS Further Highway Code rule changes expected after rise in road deaths [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of large fines for low fuel error - 'No excuse' [WARNING] Major new driving laws to be introduced in June will target motorists [REVEAL] And now, hundreds of Express.co.uk users have taken to the comments section to express their uncertainty over EVs. One user named WGC commented sarcastically: “I know how he feels, my similar ordeal was getting to a petrol station and having to wait two minutes for some chap in front to fill up his car, to top it all off it took a further two minutes to fill up mine. “This was a significant delay to my journey and suspect I'll have a similar ordeal in 450 miles time!” Another commenter, Stephen Harrison, said: “Do not buy an EV, unless you may charge at home, and you only travel locally. “You have been conned, EVs pollute more than ICE. The Elite have conned you again.” BillJackson added: “Imagine the situation on Motorways service station if everyone had EVs. “Motorways service stations have huge numbers of cars coming and going and a good percentage of them will need to charge up. “Typically, you are looking to sit 30 to 60 minutes plus a few more minutes to connect and disconnect from it and to pay. “Half of the parking places will need EV chargers but the parking bays don’t even have space for them.” UK Old Codger agreed saying: “The first manufacturer with swappable batteries will sweep the board. “We need standard size batteries that can be unlatched and slid out of the rear of the car on a trolly which would be then left to be charged for another customer. “That way it would only take as long as an ordinary car to fill up.” Others, however, disagreed pointing to the fact that British motorists bought more EVs this year than ever before. They added that EVs are much cheaper to run because of the increase in fuel prices. On top of that, they can help in reducing pollution. In March, motorists in the UK bought more EVs than in all of 2019. Drivers registered nearly 40,000 electric vehicles at the beginning of spring. Experts predict that the number will keep rising.