Judd Trump has said that while 10 might be 'a push', nine world snooker titles is an 'achievable' target for Ronnie O'Sullivan in the twilight of his career. Trump has backed the World Snooker Championship winner to stick around for 'the next 10 years' and believes he will secretly view breaking the record win total as a 'big, big target'. O'Sullivan beat the 32-year-old 18-13 at the Crucible on Monday to level Stephen Hendry's seven world title tally. Aged 46, he became the oldest winner in the competition's history and strengthened his legacy as the great player the game has ever seen. After his latest triumph, O'Sullivan now has 39 ranking titles to his name and is the bearer of almost every major record in snooker. He will also finish another season as world number one and is likely to target even more silverware in the next campaign and beyond. JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan claims he will never be snooker GOAT Trump has hailed his ability to consistently improve and has backed him to 'certainly' secure a record-breaking eight crown before retirement. And he has suggested O'Sullivan will be challenging for honours for the next decade with the main aim to surpass Hendry. Trump said: "He will go down to the best player of all time. He keeps getting better and better. I'm sure he'll be back. It wouldn't surprise me if he goes out now and beats the record and gets to eight. The level he's played, apart from Mark Williams, he was different class from everyone in this tournament. It only ever looked like there was going to be one winner. READ MORE: Ronnie O'Sullivan tipped to finish with 10 World Championships "He's at seven now. I think nine is quite achievable," Trump explained. "10 is a bit of a push. I certainly think he'll get to eight. I'm pretty positive of that, playing the snooker he's still playing. I think he'll definitely break the record. Even though he doesn't say it, I think that'll be a big, big target for him now. Just to set himself out there on his own. I think he'll still be around for the next 10 years." While O'Sullivan is chasing becoming the outright leader in World Snooker Championship wins, he has won more ranking titles than any other player in history. His next will be his 40th, another memorable landmark in a historic career.