For Ukrainian women, family is the most important thing. We are all exhausted by war - families are divided and broken. Our husbands are not returning home after work. They are not playing with their children. We are not cooking family dinners or discussing plans for summer holidays anymore. Many of us have been forced to leave our homeland to save our children from the bombs. But we will never give up. There is one particular group of Ukrainian women who are inspiring the world with their courage. They keep going. They do not complain. They are the ‘women of Mariupol’. Yulia Fedosiuk’s husband Arseniy is an Azov regiment soldier. He is one of the soldiers at the Azovstal steel mill. The plant has now fallen but every second matters and time is short. She has called upon the world to help save his life, and those who are fighting alongside him. Yulia, who has left Ukraine but hopes of returning one day, says would like to send Arseniy this message: “I want him to know that I’m fighting here as well in every possible way”. And fight she does. Along with other wives of Mariupol defenders they even met with Pope Francis to beg him not to let their husbands die. The battle saw 2000 soldiers resisting 20,000 Russian troops as the city was destroyed. I am told of people trapped without medicine in Azovstal. Amputations without anaesthetic. Soldiers dying in agony. No food, sparse water – one glass to share, one sip every 5 hours.   But Yulia thinks it is a battle worth fighting. “This is the birth of a very unique territory”, she says. “This is something unprecedented for Europe. Arseniy belongs to the type of people I identify as the best, he can physically resist evil. I couldn’t even dream about any other life - I fell in love with Arseniy because of this. When we say goodbye to each other, it’s always like the last time. I last saw him on the 22 of Feb., and we bid farewell. “Our marriage is based on similar senses of the world, similar political views and a sense of justice.” Yulia also asks me to send her love to the British people. She says: “Great Britain at the moment is the closest, the dearest friend of Ukraine. Boris Johnson is the only leader who wasn’t afraid to visit Ukraine. While others were observing, he wasn’t scared to be involved.”  And then there is Marianna Khomeriki. She has been on the front line with Azov for four years and is now responsible for the battalions’ communications with the press. She chooses her words carefully. We both understand that any wrong word can harm the evacuation. It’s better not to provoke further aggression. But Marianna struggles to contain her grief. “It’s hard to lose one person, but can you imagine hundreds of them being killed? It’s awful. We lived, ate, had coffee together, we were fighting on the first line of defence. “I can’t believe I will never see my sworn brothers again. I have only 300 followers on Instagram, it’s a small page. Recently I’ve discovered that many of them are gone. Only 100 are still alive.” The Ukrainians are fighting for their families. And Ukrainian women will never give up. 