Rachel Fenton, previously known as Richard Fenton, was jailed yesterday for 10 years after admitting 21 child sex offences and a drug offence, including seven counts of attempting to incite a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity. A court heard a number of indecent images of children, including a large amount of child sexual abuse photos, were found on Fenton's devices. The 45-year-old pervert was arrested but, even on police bail, Fenton continued to try and get indecent images from children. They were snagged both times as the profiles alleging to be children were actually run either a vigilante group and a police operative respectively, whom Fenton tried to incite to meet and perform sexual activities. After the first occasion, in November 2020, Fenton was arrested at an address in Wythenshawe, Manchester, on suspicion of arranging a child sexual offence, and suspicion of possession of a class A controlled drug and possession of cannabis. Fenton was arrested for a second time in January 2021 on suspicion of a number of sex offences, reports Manchester Evening News. Detective Constable Ceri Martin, of Greater Manchester Police's (GMP) Sexual Crime Unit, called Fenton’s crimes "deplorable and completely unacceptable". He added: "Fenton is a paedophile who knowingly attempted to exploit children for his own sexual gratification. "This behaviour is deplorable and completely unacceptable. The safety of our children is a top priority in Greater Manchester and I hope today's sentencing spreads the message to anyone thinking of engaging in this type of behaviour that it will not be tolerated. "GMP will do their absolute utmost to thoroughly investigate all reports of this type of crime and bring the perpetrators to justice." The defendant, of Wythenshawe, pleaded guilty to 21 child sex offences at Manchester Crown Court, including seven counts of attempting to incite a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity, five counts of attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity, one count of causing a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity, and two counts of attempting to cause a child to engage in sexual activity. Fenton also been issued with a sexual harm prevention order and been made to sign the sex offenders register for life.  