BT Sport pundits Rio Ferdinand and Michael Owen shared the same view on Liverpool forward Sadio Mane’s interview ahead of the Champions League final with Real Madrid. The Senegalese international has been linked with a move to Bayern Munich and told journalists in the build-up that he would reveal his decision about his future after the final on Saturday. Mane said: “This question (my future) I will answer after the Champions League. Stay or not, I'll answer after the Champions League.” Both the former Manchester United defender and ex-Liverpool striker questioned Mane’s timing to talk about his future, with just one year left on his contract. Ferdinand said: “That presser before this game the other day was wow, I couldn’t believe it. ‘I will tell you after I finish this game, the Champions League final what I am doing’, but his output has been phenomenal. Him and Mo Salah together, yes they have pushed each other on but this guy his trophy haul this season with the AFCON as well, qualifying for the World Cup he has been integral in all of those. “If I was picking one out of those three or four strikers, or five with Firmino, he would be the one I would probably dislike playing the most because he can do every part of the game. He goes long, he comes short, he can move you with a bit of skill, he is so direct when he gets the ball he is so direct, he wants to hurt you and punish you. He is a fantastic footballer who has grown.” Ferdinand referred to Owen and asked whether the former striker, who played for both Liverpool and Real Madrid, thought Mane would reach the level he has since joining the Reds. Owen replied: “I don’t think so, but you touched on it a while back Rio, when you are playing in this type of team and everything is going great around you, you find new levels, and he has certainly got them. He is such an all-round player. He is so durable, so quick, so strong, when he gets knocked down he bounces back up. “He is so tough and I must admit I was a bit worried when he said ‘I’ll tell you after the game’, too because we have heard a lot of rumours about Bayern Munich the past few days as well so fingers crossed Liverpool lift the trophy and he comes back with some positive news.” Mane starts in what could be his final game in a Liverpool shirt against Real Madrid alongside Mohamed Salah and Luis Diaz, and the Egyptian has already confirmed that he will be at Anfield next season regardless of Mane’s future.