MotoGP is back with some of the best riders of the world lining up in Jerez for the 2022 Spanish Grand Prix. BT Sport once again has exclusive live coverage of the MotoGP this season, with the premier class race beginning at 1pm and build-up at 12.30pm. If you want to tune in to the MotoGP, Moto2 and Moto3 races then you can find the best BT Sport deals below. Last time out MotoGP delivered plenty of drama, as riders struggled with treacherous conditions in Portimao. In the MotoGP reigning champ Fabio Quartararo took the lead in the title race after securing his first win since Silverstone last August. While in the other classes there was a terrifying multi-rider crash in the Moto2 which all riders thankfully walked away from, and in the Moto3 there was the typical close race at the front which Sergio Garcia ultimately emerged from the victor. If you want to tune in to all the action from Jerez today then here's how to see the latest chapter of an unpredictable season so far.  BT Sport has all the action live from the latest round of the 2022 MotoGP season today. The MotoGP race will be broadcast on BT Sport 2 (Sky HD channel 871, Sky 414, TalkTalk 409, Virgin 528, BT TV 431). Live race coverage from Jerez begins at 9.15am, with the Moto 3 race first up at 10am. Next is the Moto2 with build-up from 11am with the race at 11.20am. And then it's the headline act of the MotoGP to round off the day's action with the pre-race coverage starting at 12.30pm ahead of the race kicking off at 1pm. BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). If you're not currently a BT TV customer, but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles. 