Tesla has announced that its non-Tesla Supercharger pilot scheme has today expanded to include the UK and some other European countries. 15 Supercharger stations in the UK will initially be included, meaning 158 individual chargers are now available to non-Tesla owning EV drivers. Those drivers will be able to use the Tesla app to find the stations and charge their cars, paying £0.60 per kwh, which is double what Tesla owners pay. However, the company is also launching a membership model that offers the chance to pay £10.99 per month to access lower kWh pricing. Superchargers are between 120 and 250kW and can add up to 60 miles of range in less than five minutes. A Tesla statement read: “Access to an extensive, convenient and reliable fast-charging network is critical for large-scale EV adoption. READ MORE: Drivers may face two years in prison for driving after summer rain “That’s why, since opening our first Superchargers in 2012, we have been committed to rapid expansion of the network. Today, we have more than 30,000 Superchargers worldwide. “Tesla drivers can continue to use these stations as they always have, and we will be closely monitoring each site for congestion and listening to customers about their experiences. “More customers using the Supercharger network enables faster expansion. “Our goal is to learn and iterate quickly, while continuing to aggressively expand the network, so we can eventually welcome both Tesla and non-Tesla drivers at every Supercharger worldwide.” DON'T MISS UK drivers can avoid paying road tax with a smart hybrid car trick [REVEAL] Electric car owners could be forced to pay more for charging cars [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of huge driving law changes coming in this week [WARNING] Tesla’s announcement could have a dramatic effect on public acceptance of EVs, according to a new survey. More than 80 percent of drivers said they would feel more comfortable making the switch if Tesla were to open up its Supercharger network, in research conducted by electric car experts Electrifying.com. In the survey of just under 1,500 people, 81 percent said they would be more likely to buy an electric car if Tesla’s network could be used by all EV drivers in the UK. But some could see the move as a disadvantage for Tesla drivers who value the exclusivity and relative ease of being able to charge quickly while on the go. Founder and CEO Ginny Buckley said: “There will be a large number of electric car drivers who will be overjoyed that they will be able to use the Supercharger network at last. “But it’s certain to be controversial among the fast-growing ranks of Tesla owners. “The reliable, quick and plentiful chargers have been a major selling point but there are already complaints that the Superchargers are getting busier as sales of its cars have increased rapidly. “If Tesla were to use the money generated from charging to fund an expansion of the network, this would help to alleviate charging anxiety that we know so many consumers have, whilst also enabling the Supercharger network to expand rapidly.” There are currently more than 6,000 Superchargers in Europe, including almost 800 in the UK. Four other countries: Spain, Belgium, Sweden, and Austria are also opening up for non-Tesla use. The 15 sites that will initially be opened up to non-Tesla owners are: Aberystwyth, Adderstone, Aviemore, Banbury, Birmingham St Andrews, Cardiff, Dundee, Flint, Folkestone Eurotunnel, Grays, Manchester Trafford Centre, Thetford, Trumpington, Uxbridge and Wokingham. As part of the pilot scheme, Tesla will monitor congestion at the sites.