Chelsea will be forced to keep Romelu Lukaku at Stamford Bridge until at least the end of next season in spite of the Belgian striker's lacklustre form for the Blues, according to Arsenal icon Paul Merson. Lukaku rejoined Chelsea from Inter Milan in a club-record deal towards the end of last summer but has failed to impress in west London and is already said to be keen on returning to the San Siro at the end of the season. Lukaku has been linked with a sensational move back to Inter since confessing his love for the club and vowing to return one day in a bombshell interview with Sky Italy back in December. However, Merson has insisted that Chelsea will be prevented from offloading the 28-year-old over the summer as a result of their current off-field problems and the lack of money available to them even if the club is sold before the start of the transfer window."Chelsea haven't got much choice but to keep going with Lukaku," Merson told Sky Sports. "They're getting sold, they haven't got any money."They can't be buying people for £100million and selling them for half that. That ain't happening. For me, I think he'll be staying there, and hopefully he kicks on next season." JUST IN: Man City star Jack Grealish called out for not 'fighting' hard enough Lukaku has only managed to score five Premier League goals since returning to Chelsea and has recently been playing second fiddle to Kai Havertz as a result of his sub-par showings in attack for the Blues. It seems likely that he would be forced to accept a wage cut in order to rejoin Inter in the not-too-distant future, while Chelsea would struggle to recuperate the £97.5m transfer fee they paid for his services less than a year ago.The likes of AC Milan and even Newcastle United have also been linked with moves for Lukaku as of late, but it has been claimed that he would reject any offers from both clubs in order to hold out for another chance at Inter. It remains to be seen whether Lukaku will eventually be shipped out by Chelsea before the start of next season or if he will be forced to spend another year at the club due to their current financial situation. Lukaku was left as an unused substitute by Thomas Tuchel on Sunday as Chelsea slipped to a disappointing loss at the hands of Everton, with Richarlison scoring the only goal of the game to clinch all three points for the Toffees at Goodison Park. Former Blues ace Frank Sinclair was left bemused by Tuchel's decision to overlook the Belgian, though, as he ran the rule over his old club's performance after the final whistle."For me, it was nonsensical not to put him on [against Everton] and give him 10 or 15 minutes to try change the game," Sinclair told Stadium Astro. "Especially when you’re getting crosses in the box at will. To leave him on the bench I was quite surprised." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here