BBC Breakfast hosts Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt were discussing this Saturday's Eurovision Song Contest final. Charlie told BBC viewers the UK's entry Sam Ryder does not stand a chance of winning to which Naga agreed. However, she landed herself in hot water when she told the Eurovision correspondent David Sillito she did not believe the voting was "a fair process always".  Charlie refused to read out the autocue after realising it said there was "growing optimism" the UK could win the Eurovision 2022. As Naga started to laugh, he said: "I am not going to read what it was going to say. I'm not going to say that. "What it says it might finally be the UK's year, but we all know that is not going to happen because Ukraine has tipped everything on its head and changed things right?" Naga said: "The UK's entry Sam Ryder is right up there among the favourites for the final. Now, here is us predicting, what do we know?"  READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final Charlie and Naga then spoke to the BBC's media and arts correspondent David, who was reporting live from Turin, Italy, where the final is being held. Naga said: "That was our speculation about how the voting would go, and I would not say it's a fair process always, would you?" However, David hit back: "I would say it is evidently fair, that's an outrageous slur on poor Eurovision there, it is also entirely unpredictable."   He continued: "You do not know what is going to go on and what drama we have had at the semi-finals. "Poor Ireland, poor, poor Ireland is out. There was such hope they would get through to the final. "You have got to remember Ireland is Eurovision royalty having won, I think, seven times. "Serbia and Finland were through and they are truly an example of how bizarre Eurovision can be."  DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty reacts as guest says Charles could've 'sexed up' speech [MUST SEE]Huw Edwards made £25,000 on top of BBC salary in ONE month [INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty's heartbreak as BBC's Deborah James 'time has come' [LATEST]  In contrast to Naga and Charlie's remarks about the UK's entry, David said he had a feeling it could be the UK's year. "What I mean by UK's year is a top 20 finish at least, that's as far as I am going," he added. "However, yesterday I got to meet Sam Ryder, we had some time together, and the only thing you can say is wherever you are in Turin at the moment you keep on hearing his song Spaceman and there is a bit of a buzz about it." A clip from David and Sam's interview was broadcast and the Eurovision hopeful admitted he had some doubts about the contest.    The musician explained: "The doubts are all made by myself though, so I can turn them off. "As soon as I got the offer to be on Eurovision, as a fan, I was like, 'Yes I want to do it', but then a split second later you get that [worry] you will get nil points." He told David "attitude was key" and he is currently the second favourite to win this year's contest. BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays at 6am on BBC One.  