Whether it is a pair of stained boots or a mark on your upholstery, suede can be a tough fabric to clean. Though reaching for soapy water might be your go-to with other fabrics, when it comes to suede, you need to take a slightly different approach to cleaning. In a dedicated Reddit forum, a user named 4in4t92 warned: "Do not make the suede wet, you'll damage it." Suede does not have natural protection against water and will easily stain when wet. Once water stains have marked suede, it can be very hard to get it to look like it did before. Specialist suede cleaners and brushes are available which can make the chore a lot easier. READ MORE: ‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack However, there are other ways to tackle stains if you do not have these items to hand. How to clean suede with white vinegar or rubbing alcohol According to experts from Phone Soap, white vinegar and rubbing alcohol can both be used to clean marks from suede items. They explained: "Plain white vinegar or rubbing alcohol can easily remove spots without staining the suede. DON'T MISSHow to get rid of weeds between paving stones - white vinegar mixture [INSIGHT]How to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans’ 15p tip for cleaning electric hobs - ‘holy grail’ [COMMENT] "Pour either liquid onto a soft cloth and rub it into the stain. "After letting the fabric dry, brush with a dry towel to fluff the suede." White vinegar works by breaking down the stain-causing substances, allowing for easier removal of the stain. Rubbing alcohol works in a similar way, although experts from Favoured Leather advised approaching the method with caution. They said: "You are able to use rubbing alcohol on suede leather to remove dirt and stubborn stains. "However, you should be careful when doing so as suede is a very delicate material." Therefore, it is best to test rubbing alcohol on a small, hidden part of your fabric before proceeding to clean the entire surface. According to the experts, rubbing alcohol "works especially well" on suede leather due to its gentle nature that’s able to clean without harming the delicate material.