James Middleton, 35, now lives in Berkshire with his wife, Alizee Thevenet. After a decade of working in London left him battling with depression, Kate Middleton’s brother James turned to farming to find peace. James and his French financier wife Alizee are restoring a £1.45million Berkshire farmhouse, complete with a smallholding. The move means that the 35-year-old former boss of Boomf, a company that sold personalised marshmallows, is recasting himself as a gentleman farmer. He is also a passionate dog lover, owning several spaniels. James has sheep, ducks, goats, hens and beehives as well as dogs. James has shared several pictures inside his £1.45million rural home on social media. For instance, he shared a snap of himself, Alizée and one of their pet dogs outside the red brick exterior. READ MORE: Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry'  The property appears very rustic. The couple's open-plan living room features a chunky wooden dining table, beams on the ceiling and a cast iron fireplace where their dogs like to rest. James posted a photo of one of his dogs as a puppy in the living room. The room appeared to have olive green walls and wooden floors. There was wooden panelling along various areas of the walls, as well as a vintage oak piano. The fireplace was framed with a black railing to protect his dogs.  James is the proud owner of one golden retriever and five black spaniels, and he treats them to fancy dinners at home. In March, he shared a photo of them sitting around his wooden dining table and revealed the room was decorated with cream walls and a large mirror hanging in a wooden frame on the wall. His reflection also shared a peek at his staircase, which seemed to have black steps and a matching bannister.  James shared several photos of his dogs and Alizée enjoying the outdoor swimming pool. It is built with white tiles and framed with tall bushes for privacy. A different photo of another of his dogs jumping into the pool showed there is also a white bench on one side of the pool. A photo of one of his dogs unveiled the garden which has a big lawn and plants growing up the exterior of the house. The couple plan to become fully self-sustainable.  James set up Boomf in 2013 but it went into administration in 2021. Last year, he spoke candidly about being diagnosed with clinical depression and said that nature had helped to improve his emotional health. His new property is in Stanford Dingley, near the village of Bucklebury, where he grew up and where his parents still live. It’s also near where Pippa and her husband James Matthews recently bought a rundown petting zoo. Kate is believed to be planning to move into the area too, along with Prince William and their three children. James told The Mail: “Living in London, you don’t have community. You don’t get to know the things in life that people care about. “We are so lucky to live in a small village with 100 people and two pubs. Our house dates back to the 16th Century, so when it’s windy it blows through the drawing-room. But that’s the charm." 