In gardening, everything has been created with a purpose, and most things have a place. This is especially true with the types of products gardeners should use on grass and plants, namely lawn dressing and topsoil. Using the right product for the right application is essential, especially if the end goal is to have a garden thriving and as lush as possible. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Carlos Real, Lawn Care Expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, about the differences between lawn topsoil and lawn dressing. Carlos said: “It’s common to get confused between lawn dressing and topsoil. “While both are important for a healthy garden, it’s important to understand their uses and why a combination of the two works best.” “Topsoil is a combination of compost and soil – it is often used for levelling out an area before anything is planted,” Carlos explained. “Topsoil does as it says, it sits on top of the soil, and as the compost decomposes, more nutrients are released, prompting growth and healthier plants. “Topsoil is best used before planting any vegetation, and flowers, herbs and vegetables will thrive if planted after.” READ MORE: What to prune in May - four plant types to trim for spring “Lawn dressing is a very fine, sandy version of topsoil (comprising of approximately 70 percent sand and 30 percent screened topsoil),” the lawncare expert said. “It is ideal for raising low spots in the garden and can help to prevent compacted soil in areas of the garden where human/animal traffic is high. “The clue is in the name, it’s a dressing and should only be applied to the top rather than integrated into the soil. “If you’ve recently aerated your lawn and then use a top dressing, the sandy substance will fill the holes created by aeration, allowing water, nutrients, and oxygen to get into the soil quicker.” DON'T MISS...Gardening: Monty Don’s 3 tips to get 'the best sweet peas' [VIDEO]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds - 'Just 3 steps' [EXCLUSIVE]When to cut back tulips - key date to secure fresh blooms next year [GUIDE] Carlos said: “Topsoil and lawn dressing are very similar but should be used separately. “Use topsoil to even your garden before planting flowers, herbs, or vegetables, or before the beginning of a landscaping project. “Lawn dressing should be used to top the lawn, especially in areas flattened by heavy traffic.” Lawns are best dressed during periods of grass growth, so in the UK, that’s anytime between April and October. The frequency at which gardeners should dress lawns all depends on the soil’s quality. It’s usually recommended to do it at least once a year, though, as that will help even those with the poorest of soil. Begin by mowing the lawn, this will help with working the soil into the grass later. Next, spread the topsoil or lawn dressing over the grass as evenly as possible. Leave to dry before working into the soils as this will make it easier to go down to the base of the sward. When it’s good and dry, use a landscaper rake (or drag mat or true lute) to work the dressing into the grass. Repeat this process as many times as necessary, until all of the dressing becomes part of the soil. When that is done, let the lawn rest for a few days. If there's no rain during these ‘few days’ lightly water the lawn to wash away any loose material. Founded in 2019 by school friends Carlos Real and Joshua McNicholas, TotalLawn, are the leaders in premium luxury lawn care. Creating scientifically engineered lawn care products, TotalLawn prides itself on giving you the best lawn possible, without the fuss.