EasyJet announced cancellations of 200 flights and BA a further 140, leaving many families in tears. Manchester, Bristol, Stansted and Gatwick airports all noticeably failed to accommodate the surge in travellers, with enormous queues, people sleeping on the floor and luggage going missing. Many others have been unable to get flights back home and are stranded abroad. The consequences of pandemic lockdown are still with us as staff shortages are blamed for the delays and cancellations, but holiday companies have had months to prepare and recruit for this upsurge in travel, so why are they performing so badly? A half-term break including Platinum Jubilee days off has been flagged up for months and you would have thought airline companies would have planned accordingly. Instead, rubbing salt in the wound, airports are blaming travellers turning up hours earlier, but perhaps they were being sensible in anticipating the chaos by giving themselves plenty of time to check-in. Last-minute cancellations are cruel and costly, bitterly disappointing many who have been unable to travel abroad for the last two years thanks to the pandemic. It is a legal requirement to rebook customers on alternative fights as soon as possible but that duty appears to have been abandoned. Consumer group Which? is calling on the Government to stop airlines “selling flights that they can’t actually provide”. “Airports and airlines have known this recovery was coming for a period of time now,” says Which? travel editor Rory Boland. “We’re continuing to see things get worse, not better.” As it was the Government who instituted the overly cautious lockdown regime, it should be up to them to help oversee the return to normality. We urgently need a minister-level consumer champion who can insist the airlines get their act together and prepare promptly and effectively to manage the upsurge in demand. If red tape needs to be slashed to enable air companies to recruit and train more quickly, civil servants should get busy and help the travel industry. Brexit freedoms have already enabled part of the recruitment process to be shortened. Otherwise, it is a ridiculous own goal, stifling travel just as holiday companies are hoping to recoup some of the massive losses incurred during the lockdown. The only way we are going to get out of our current economic crisis is to encourage growth and jobs. According to ABTA, outbound travel contributes £37.1billion to our economy, amounting to 1.8 per cent of UK GDP and sustains some 221,000 jobs – a higher employment figure than many of our manufacturing industries. This was before the pandemic, but it is worrying that both the Government and the travel industry seems to have been caught unawares by the highly predictable recovery in demand on so many fronts. Whether it is energy generation or bureaucratic processes, the Government especially is playing catch up at a time when we expect them to be more on the ball. Both private and public sectors should be working together to sustain the return to work and play. It is unacceptable that so many summer holidays are still hanging in the balance because the Passport Office is taking a record 10 weeks – twice the normal time – and possibly more to deal with applications. Some of the staff recruited for the great Covid-monitoring machine should be redeployed to speed up this process. It is absurd that civil servants are even talking about taking strike action when their work-life balance is the envy of the rest of the country. Equally unhelpful is the threatened strike action of train unions impeding those choosing to holiday at home – another hard-hit industry that contributed £91.6billion to the UK economy two years ago. Where do striking train staff think their money is going to come from if the UK can’t go about its business of generating income? The great British public have put up with a lot over the last two years – a chronic reduction in their personal liberties and now a cost-of-living crisis. The very least they should be able to look forward to is a family holiday this year. If Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to bounce back in the polls, he needs to get a grip of this very visible failure of planning and preparation. Otherwise, every frustrated holidaymaker is going to blame him and his government for yet another disappointment in their daily lives.