Bagpipes can be heard as protestors gather against a Home Office "operation" at the Beirut restaurant in Nicolson Square, Edinburgh. They are fighting against a suspected immigration raid on the restaurant. Photos and videos posted online depict scores of protestors assembling. In one clip, a demonstrator can be seen clambering on top of a white van believed to be involved in the operation. Chants have been reported of  "no justice, no peace, f* the police," as people jumped up and down on the vans. People were pictured holding up huge banners that read: "No peace for Police Scotland," and "Stop deportations." One person, believed to be involved in the raid, was pictured in tears and thanking the crowd for helping him.    EdinburghLive reports that police officers have escorted the immigration officers away from the scene. The crowd can be heard shouting: "shame on you" as they are led away.  The protest gathered pace on social media accounts as people were encouraged to join in. Edinburgh anti-raids tweeted: "Immigration officers spotted at Nicolson Square near Beirut - please go and see what help can be offered - some general advice on filming and gathering evidence here." Another user said: "URGENT: The immigration are in Beruit Restaurant on Nicholson Street attempting to remove staff. "Please get down there to block the van and stop the removal." Lothian Buses has been forced to redirect services 2 and 47 as a precaution for further blockages as more protestors flocked to the scene. The protests come a year after campaigners successfully stopped two men detained by Immigration Enforcement from being taken away in vans in Glasgow. Police Scotland intervened to free the men after a tense day-long standoff between immigration officials and hundreds of local residents. The officials are believed to have arrived early in the morning - but within hours around 200 protestors were surrounding their vehicles. Pinar Aksu, of Maryhill Integration Network said: “They messed with the wrong city. “This is a revolution of people coming together in solidarity for those who others have turned away from. “This is just the start. When there is another dawn raid in Glasgow, the same thing will happen.” The Home Office has been contacted for comment. 