Damian Green appeared visibly uncomfortable as Fiona Bruce resurfaced allegations of pornography found on his computer in the House of Commons. The Tory MP had previously faced an official investigation into an accusation of sexual harassment surrounding inappropriate advances and suggestive text messages to a much younger Conservative activist. The Question Time host acknowledged the calls of the audience: “You mentioned bullying, sexism, you’re talking about a culture of misogyny - Damian do you think the culture has changed?”    “You were investigated by Sue Gray in 2017 after pornography was found on your computer in the House of Commons.” Damian Green winced and closed his eyes as the BBC presenter addressed his history of sexual scandals. Ms Bruce continued: “I know you have said very strongly that you had nothing to do with that, you did then subsequently resign. “Do you think the culture has changed?" The Conservative MP said: “The culture is changing but much too slowly.  “Weirdly, one of the things that was not reported hugely, which struck me as bad as anything, was my colleague Anne-Marie Trevelyan saying that some man, who was no longer an MP, had pinned her up against a wall." The Secretary of State for International Trade recently revealed that she was sexually harassed by several members of parliament, including one incident in which she was pinned against a wall by a male colleague. He continued: “Now that's completely, utterly unacceptable and it should not go on. “The terrifying thing is that it was worse when I first became an MP 25 years ago. Read more: Tory MP declares ‘misogynistic dinosaurs’ are a minority of Parliament   “The reason it feels worse now is, in a sense, a good thing because it is getting exposed and will get stopped, is that we are now much more transparent about it. He added: “We actually have set up a proper investigation and complaints unit because 20 years ago all of this would be going on and nobody would know about it.” Damian Green was forced to resign in 2017 by Theresa May after a Cabinet Office inquiry into allegations that the MP’s behaviour amounted to sexual misconduct. Young Conservative activist Kate Maltby alleged Mr Green had sent her unprompted texts of a sexually suggestive nature. Don't miss:Rayner demands truth from Boris over ‘Sexist of the Year’ award claim [REVEAL]Kwasi Kwarteng denies institutional sexism in Conservative Party [REPORT]Vile misogyny runs unchallenged through the corridors of power [INSIGHT] An investigation into Mr Green’s work computer also uncovered pornography on his account. The Tory MP has consistently maintained he did not “download or view” the pornographic content uncovered on his computer. It comes as the Conservative Party was rocked by a new scandal as MP Neil Parish was forced to resign after he admitted to watching porn in the House of Commons on two occasions. He apologised for the incident, and claimed he had originally stumbled onto the raunchy website whilst looking for tractor information.   