Shirley Ballas, 61, has been dating Danny Taylor, 49, since 2019, with the pair meeting during rehearsals for Jack And The Beanstalk the previous December. The Strictly Come Dancing head judge keeps her relationship private but took to Instagram today to share a sweet clip of Danny as he played the guitar. Shirley shared the clip in view of her 236,000 Instagram followers where Danny can be seen preparing to play an excerpt of a George Harrison song. The head judge said: "So he is getting ready to play George Harrison at the Fringe Festival in Edinburgh." He then begins to play and Shirley murmurs: "My sweet lord." Danny then begins to sing George Harrison's My Sweet Lord as Shirley continues to video her partner. READ MORE: Johnny Rotten responds to Madonna's NFT art on Piers Morgan show Shirley took to Instagram last week to wish her partner a happy birthday with a heartwarming message. Along with three snaps, she penned: "A huge happy 49th birthday to my wonderful boyfriend. "(Almost 50) lol You are a wonderful human being, kind and caring, a brilliant father to Sony. An amazing family man. (sic) "This last three and half years has flown by. I appreciate all you do from your singing, acting and producing ,but most of all I appreciate the human being you are. "We have had lots of laughs along the way, we seem to compliment each other in so many ways. Hope you have a wonderful time surrounded by all your friends in Blood Brothers. She continued: "I look forward to seeing you next week, for what can only be described as, Em, well let’s see it’s definitely something to watch out for lol love and hugs And Happy Birthday. #birthday #danny #live #love #kindness #oneofakind @danieltayloresq." (sic) Shirley previously discussed how the pair first met on Loose Women. She told the show's panellists: "We met on panto as friends. It didn’t really take off until March… for him. I fell in love way before... I think for me it was the first sight. "He was going through a difficult time in his relationship. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury shares 'admiration' for Deborah James amid cancer fight [COMMENT] Julia Fox stuns as she showcases abs in ultra low-rise trousers [PICS] James Jordan slams Rebekah Vardy trial expecting 'mental health' claim [OPINION] "We did become friends and then probably in about February I said, ‘I love you Danny’ and he said, ‘I know’. It took a while." She has also shared her hopes for the pair to marry but she also admitted Danny is a "bit nervous" over the idea. Speaking to Prima Magazine in December, she said: "First of all, he’s 6ft 1in, he’s the tallest man I’ve ever dated, and I love his jet black hair. "He’s also very kind and very caring – he’s always there for me. "I hope he’ll propose one day, but he’s never married and I think he’s a bit nervous about it, so we’ll see. Come on, Danny!" Shirley has been married twice before, to dancer Sammy Stopford when she was 18 and dancer Corky Ballas in 1985. Shirley and Corky divorced in 2007, and she made the decision to keep her ex-husband's surname Ballas instead of reverting to her maiden name Rich. She has one child from her relationship with Corky named Mark Ballas who was born in Texas in 1986.