Royal fans have gathered around the Duke of Cambridge, 39, after some spectators at Wembley Stadium on May 14 jeered at him. Prince William was left unscathed in the public eye by people booing, reinforcing their belief he will one day be a "great king". Twitter user @BillyDouglass7 backed Prince William on the social media platform and praised the royal for how he faced criticism from football fans. They wrote: "Prince William's enemies don't phase him one bit. "He is a man of Power with a stiff upper lip and a backbone of steel. "You simply can't rattle him! This is why I'm very confident he will be a Great King! #PrinceWilliamIsAKing #DukeOfCambridge #PrinceWilliam" Replying to this impassioned show of support for the second-in-line to the throne, @PhoebeDinsmore_ wrote: "I really don't get why anyone would boo him". Agreeing with the original poster, @TammyBr48675861 also tweeted: "He was built right he is a force to be reckoned with and that man's got children y'all better be good [sic]." Another Twitter user said the Duke of Cambridge learned how to deal with criticism from his grandmother. @JimmyA23088414 wrote: "He’s learnt well from the Queen. Never, ever, flinch or give in." READ MORE: Hollywood may freeze Meghan and Harry out, claims production chief And @moyellie added: "The blood that flows through his veins has him well equipped for the haters and begrudgers, he has been raised to know that the Royal family isn't for everyone I'm sure but I tell you one thing he could soften the hardest of hearts, a great guy I think." Prince William started being booed at Wembley Stadium when his presence was announced during the pre-match. The jeering directed at him continued when he stepped on the pitch to shake hands with the Chelsea and Liverpool players about to go head to head. Following the end of the match, the Duke returned and handed the FA Cup trophy to Liverpool players, who won 6-5 on penalties. While Prince William remained tight-lipped on the demonstrations made against him at Wembley Stadium, leading politicians hugely criticised those who booed the royal. Commons speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle told the MailOnline: "I utterly condemn any fans who booed Prince William at Wembley today. "The FA Cup final should be an occasion when we come together as a country. "It should not be ruined by a minority of fans’ totally shameful behaviour. "In this year of all years – the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee – this is dreadful." Sir Ed Davey, leader of the Liberal Democrats, said: "We have the most wonderful Monarch and those fans who booed do not represent their clubs or our country." And Tory MP and former culture secretary Karen Bradley urged the FA "to take all necessary action and pursue those responsible". She added: "It is utterly unacceptable and disgraceful that fans booed Prince William." Not everybody backed the Duke following yesterday's events at Wembley. Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu took to Twitter to say William isn't "beyond reproach". She wrote: "Only #PrinceWilliam is surprised he got booed - like how out of touch is this guy? Laughable. "Those having a fit should get over it - Prince William is not beyond reproach. "…seems it isn’t #HarryandMeghan Royal Family should worry about being booed on Royal Balcony #FACupFinal".