Since leaving their working royal roles in 2020, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have made Montecito in California their home. The couple lives in a sprawling mansion that boasts a tennis court, pool and a wine cellar, as well as a playground for their two little children, Archie and Lilibet. Meghan and Harry largely keep their royal children out of the public eye, but the Sussex family will likely have some plans this weekend to celebrate Mother's Day in the US.  Sunday, May 8, will mark Meghan's first Mother's Day with two children - a major milestone for her as a parent. Last year, Meghan and Harry were thought to have spent a quiet Mother's Day with their son Archie. But the couple did mark Mother's Day publicly with a donation to a good cause. A statement posted on the couple's Archewell website read: "In honour of Mother’s Day, Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are recognizing the work of Harvest Home, a Los Angeles–based organization that uplifts expectant mothers who are experiencing homelessness. "Harvest Home offers these women welcoming and comfortable housing and goes to great lengths to provide programs that help them start their mothering journey on a stronger foot, benefiting their families for generations to come."  READ MORE: Meghan's reason to travel to Invictus Games questioned by expert In a personal letter, Meghan also pledged her heartfelt support for the cause as an expectant mother at the time. She wrote: "As a mom, and an expectant mom, I deeply appreciate the significance of community support, safe and accessible pregnancy resources, and trusted guidance in a nurturing setting. "These ingredients are essential to not just our physical health, but our mental well-being, and I commend you for leading a compassionate community that lives these values." She added: "Thank you for all you do for the women and mothers who are turned away elsewhere, at no fault of their own.   "When we consider how vulnerable any mother feels during the fragile time of pregnancy, we gain perspective about how especially difficult it can be for pregnant women of color and those who come from under-resourced and vulnerable communities. "I hope you will accept an offer of support to help further uplift Harvest Home’s residents." Last year Mother's Day in the US fell just a few weeks before Harry and Meghan welcomed their second child Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor on June 4, 2021. In a statement on the Archewell website, Meghan said of her baby girl: “On June 4, we were blessed with the arrival of our daughter, Lili.  DON'T MISS:Could new Netflix blow spur the Sussexes to heal royal wounds? [ANALYSIS]Why has Meghan Markle's Netflix project been axed? [EXPLAINER]Meghan Markle 'didn't understand point' of royal tradition [INSIGHT] "She is more than we could have ever imagined, and we remain grateful for the love and prayers we’ve felt from across the globe. "Thank you for your continued kindness and support during this very special time for our family.” Lilibet was named after her great-grandmother, the Queen, whose family nickname has been Lilibet since she was a child. Lilibet's middle name of Diana was chosen to honour Princess Diana, Prince Harry's beloved late mother. 