Johnny Depp has been at the centre of the public eye over the last month. The actor, who is best known for playing Captain Jack Sparrow in the Pirates of the Caribbean series, is suing his ex-wife, Amber Heard, in a $50 million libel lawsuit. As the trial continues, more and more people from Hollywood have begun speaking out against or in favour of Depp and his ongoing trial. And the latest comes from a Pirates of the Caribbean actor. Greg Ellis, who played Lieutenant Theodore Groves in the Disney series' first movie, has been very candid with his opinions about Depp's trial and Heard's comments. He openly supported Depp, who has been accused of hitting Heard during their marriage. The actor posted on his Twitter account: "Johnny Depp has not been charged or tried in a court of law. He is beloved in the industry." The British actor then went on to slam Heard, who has been accused of hitting Depp. Ellis claimed: "Amber Heard knew exactly what she was doing when she set out on legal maneuvers 6 years ago." (sic) He then alleged that Heard's actions in the trial have made her worse off in Hollywood. Ellis wrote: "She is universally detested in the industry. She is on trial ~ a jury will decide her fate." The actor then followed up by saying Heard had kickstarted a brand new movement. READ MORE: Johnny Depp gives fans huge Pirates of the Caribbean return hope WATCH Ellis went on: "Amber Heard’s greatest achievement may be that she’s helped ignite a #MenToo Dialogue, not a #MeToo Monologue." Since the trial began, lots of information has come out about the film careers of both of the actors. It has since been revealed Depp "would never" return to the ongoing Pirates of the Caribbean series, even if Disney offered him an enormous amount of money. However, some hope has been given to the fans after Pirates of the Caribbean boss Jerry Bruckheimer spoke about the future of the series. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp gives fans huge Pirates of the Caribbean return hope [WATCH]Pirates of the Caribbean received unexpected help from The Goonies [NEWS]Johnny Depp used substances to 'relieve pain' from abusive childhood [INFO] Bruckheimer recently addressed what is going to happen in the future of the PotC franchise. He revealed that the rumoured movie starring Margot Robbie is going ahead. But there is also another film coming. He said: "Yes. We’re talking to Margot Robbie. We are developing two Pirates scripts — one with her, one without." When prompted about Depp's future, he said: "Not at this point [but] the future is yet to be decided.” In the meantime, Heard has spoken out about her uncertain future in Hollywood. Heard is due to appear in the upcoming Aquaman sequel - Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom. However, in recent weeks it has been revealed her part has been stripped down even further. She said in court: "I fought really hard to stay in the movie. They didn't want to include me in the film," before confirming that she filmed a "very pared-down version of that role". The Pirates of the Caribbean franchise is available on Disney Plus now. SOURCE