Scottish Tory MPs took to Twitter to express their frustration over the new measuress, which will see 30 percent of rail services in Scotland lost. Jamie Greene, MSP for West Scotland and Shadow Justice Secretary, told his 20 thousand followers the change will be a “massive headache”.  He wrote: “28 percent of trains in Ayrshire have been CUT by ScotRail under SNP ownership - this 'new timetable' is nothing but a massive headache for thousands of hardworking commuters and businesses.” The MSP for the North East Douglas Lumsden tweeted: “The SNP have failed to follow through on promises to improve rail links in the NE. “Now their incompetence will leave commuters abandoned on the platform edge.” In Mr Lumsden’s constituency 34 percent of trains between Aberdeen and the Central Belt have been cut.  First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of “peddling ScotRail spin” over these cuts, reported The Herald, as urgent action is now needed to fix staff shortages. It has also been revealed that under these new timetables the last trains to major Scottish cities will leave before Scotland’s World Cup play-off against Ukraine on June 1. Overall almost 700 services have been temporarily scrapped as the newly nationalised operator is locked in a dispute with drivers over pay.  READ MORE: Meghan's peck with Prince Harry shows much more 'dominant' Duchess This comes just weeks after ScotRail was taken into public ownership in what the Scottish Government hailed as a “historic move”, according to STV. ScotRail’s service delivery director David Simpson told BBC Radio Scotland: “I’d hope temporary means as short as possible, but it does depend on making some progress with the pay talks, which are the root cause of this problem. “We’re trying to minimise the impact of this by making the service more predictable to customers and we plan to leave this timetable in place until we make any progress in the pay talks.”  DON'T MISS:GB News: Tempers flare over monkeypox 'hysteria' [INSIGHT]Crypto market volatility attracts 'institutional investors' [ANALYSIS]Tory MP claims UK leads Europe in response to Russia thanks to Brexit [LATEST] When asked of the timetable could be in place for weeks or months, he answered: “I hope it’s less than that, I’m always hopeful we’ll make some progress, I think certainly weeks is potentially possible, but we’ll do everything in our power to keep the duration of this as short as possible.” Nicola Sturgeon stressed the importance of normal services resuming, saying at Holyrood: “It is vital to get the timetable back to normal as quickly as possible and I expect ScotRail to review the temporary arrangements regularly; indeed, it is due to be formally reviewed on June 3. “I always take the opportunity to apologise to any member of the public in Scotland who doesn’t get from a public service – whether that is the railway, or any other service – the standard they have a right to expect. “And that includes those who are being disrupted right now because of the temporary timetable being put in place by ScotRail.” 