The local elections will take place across the UK on Thursday, while those in Northern Ireland prepare to select who they want in Stormont. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been travelling across the country in a bid to muster up support for the Conservative Party following months of scandals. The Partygate saga has seen him, his wife Carrie Johnson and Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak all fined for breaking the law and attending a gathering at Number 10 during the coronavirus pandemic lockdown. Further parties are thought to have taken place at Downing Street and other Government buildings while the rest of the country were forced to stay at home. Some experts predict that the Tories could lose as many as 550 council seats because of the scandals, which also include Tory backbencher Neil Parish's suspension and resignation after he was caught watching porn in the House of Commons. One party hoping to build on its success in last year's local elections is the Official Monster Raving Loony Party (OMRLP). As of 2021, it has seven parish and town councillors, one via the Molesey Residents Association. These include Howling Laud Hope (Councillor Alan Hope) of Fleet Town Council, Hampshire; Baron Von Thunderclap of Bolney Parish, Sussex; Monkey the Drummer, Molesey Parish, Surrey; Norm the Storm, West Grinstead and Partridge Green Parish, West Sussex; Sarah Mad Cow, Lower Carlton Parish, Lincolnshire; Sir Giles Greenwood, Kemberton Parish, Shropshire; and The Iconic Arty Pole, Great Carlton Parish, Lincolnshire. Now, one candidate hoping to get voted in is Sir Archibald Stanton Earl ‘Eaton. He is sitting in the West Yorkshire Dewsbury Constituency, part of Kirklees Council, currently held by the Labour Party and whose mayor is Tory. Sir Archibald is often seen wearing loud, brightly coloured matching suits along with a bowler hat. JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: Truss prepares 'mad-man' strategy to torpedo hated deal His right hand man, Gilly Nicholls, is similarly dressed with stripy socks and shiny desert boots. Except his right hand man is a puppet — a figure that Sir Archibald says is vital to his standing. Sir Archibald's profile page on the OMRLP's website reads: "Sir Archibald is a local Dewsbury lad, born and educated at ‘Eaton’ – Earlsheaton that is, (nursery infant and junior school). "His ancestor Arch Stanton’s grave is featured in the film ‘The Good,The Bad and the Ugly’. DON'T MISS I will end the the cost-of-living squeeze and boost Britain [COMMENT] POLL: Is Boris Johnson the best leader for Tory Party? If not, who? [INSIGHT] France accused of letting DOZENS of Brits die in Falklands War  [ANALYSIS] "He will be seen on the campaign trail over the next few weeks with Gilly and the rest of his Loony Team in their battle bus and trailer." Among his pledges for Dewsbury includes tackling speeding and anti-social behaviour; OAP welfare and well-being; maintenance of highways; road safety; loss of services; and police visibility. He is up against the Conservative's Keith Mallinson, the Green Party's Gideon Richards, Labour's Cathy Scott, and Dan Woodlock from the Liberal Democrats. Sir Archibald's most recent Twitter post, from just before the 2019 General Election, calls for people to "lend him their vote" to overcome the first past the post system. Away from Sir Archibald, the MRLP is contesting 10 seats in Thursday's election: Trevor Halfperson, in Blackheath Westcombe Ward, London; Charlie Read, Lord Charles in Fareham Hillhead, Hampshire; Colonel Cramps and Lady Dave in doing Hook and Chessington; A Gent Chinners, Captain Coley, Joe Lucky Gov, and Director of Undertaking Brunskill all in Chessington South. The party was established in 1983 by the musician David Sutch and has grown ever since. Mr Sutch, also known as "Screaming Lord Sutch, 3rd Earl of Harrow" or simply "Lord Sutch" had stood in parliamentary elections under a range of party names from 1963, initially as the National Teenage Party candidate. After a stint in the US, where he was shot during a robbery, Mr Sutch moved back to the UK in the Eighties and restarted his political career. The "Raving Loony" name first appeared at the Bermondsey by-election of 1983. It won its first seat in 1987 on Ashburton Town Council in Devon. Here, Alan "Howling Laud" Hope was elected unopposed. He subsequently became Deputy Mayor and later Mayor of Ashburton in 1998, which was contested by the Tories.