Mr Jones sat down to discuss the Northern Ireland protocol and whether the UK will pull out of it. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and Boris Johnson have implied that there may be a possible pull out of the Northern Ireland Brexit deal. Due to such news, some Brits are worried that it may turn into a Brexit trade war. Mr Jones then went on to speak about a Brexit promise that was made during the general election of January 2020. Mr Jones told Sky News: "I think it's quite likely, and interesting of course because this was supposed to be the oven ready Brexit deal. "That was very solemnly promised during the general election campaign and then back in January 2020. "But I think what's interesting and what's being missed is there's a lot of focus... Particularly from the Conservatives, David Frost a former Brexit negotiator."And the supposed cost of the economy on Northern Ireland, but a lot of the evidence suggests that actually, it isn't having the impact on the economy that's being suggested.  JUST IN: 'END of Russia' Putin told UK will 'cripple' Moscow in swift revenge for nuclear strike Mr Jones added: "There was a think tank report by the institute of economic affairs, which is a right-wing think tank which suggested the agreement costs £850million. "But that's been widely rubbished, manufacturing jobs are growing four times faster in Northern Ireland than UK average."So while the DUP, the Democratic Unionist Party, took a bit of a battering in the Northern Ireland elections."The unionist parties were divided, there's been the focus on the cost of the agreement, but actually it's bedded in quite well. READ MORE:'I felt sick!' Retired widow loses £40,000 after 'looking for companionship' Mr Jones said: "Businesses have been surveyed suggested that actually, the vast majority have adapted to the agreement. "So despite all the kind of sound of fury it's actually worked quite well, but non the less because of the political implications from the Conservative perspective." Due to the concerns around the binning of the Northern Ireland protocol, a spokesperson for the Foreign Secretary Liz Truss issued comments on the matter. A Foreign Office spokesperson said today: "The Foreign Secretary outlined that the UK’s overriding priority is to protect peace and stability in Northern Ireland and said that the Northern Ireland Protocol had become the greatest obstacle to forming a Northern Ireland Executive. "She also noted that the current situation was causing unacceptable disruption to trade and had created a two-tier system where people in Northern Ireland weren’t being treated the same as everyone else in the UK. "She reminded Vice President Šefčovič of the importance of defending the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement and said that the Commission bore a responsibility to show more pragmatism and ensure the Protocol delivered on its original objectives.  "The Foreign Secretary reiterated that the UK’s proposals to fix the Protocol, including green and red channel arrangements, backed up by a bespoke data-sharing system, would ensure the removal of trade barriers between Great Britain and Northern Ireland while protecting the EU single market. "The Foreign Secretary outlined why EU proposals would take us backwards, by creating more checks and paperwork. Vice President Šefčovič confirmed that there was no room to expand the EU negotiating mandate or introduce new proposals to reduce the overall level of trade friction. "The Foreign Secretary noted this with regret and said the situation in Northern Ireland is a matter of internal peace and security for the United Kingdom, and if the EU would not show the requisite flexibility to help solve those issues, then as a responsible government we would have no choice but to act."  