Martin Lewis was back on the small screen this week, and he used his This Morning segment to touch upon the all-important council tax rebate. First announced in the Spring Statement, Britons were delighted to hear they would get support. However, frustration has arisen due to the fact the rebate has not yet arrived for many people. Large numbers of Britons expected their rebate to arrive in April, but some are still waiting for this to hit their account. Martin was on hand to explain the reasons for the longer wait. He said: “There’s a very easy reason. The bureaucratic system was nowhere near able to deal with the sudden influx it was given by central Government. READ MORE: ‘I just fell apart!’ Woman in tears after losing £525,000 in scam “If you pay by direct debt, it should be paid directly into your bank account in the English system. “If you’re not paying by direct debit, your council will tell you how to get it. “Effectively, many councils have simply not been able to give the money in April.” Martin cited a poll he conducted on Twitter to see how people have been affected by rebate delays. DON'T MISSPension warning as Rishi Sunak to harvest £6billion from savers [ANALYSIS]Over 50s urged to act on state pension, inheritance tax and pension [EXCLUSIVE]State pension warning as triple lock ‘won’t be enough’ [INSIGHT] He said 20 percent of individuals who responded said they had received their rebate by this time. However, most of the respondents were still awaiting the support to help them. Martin added: “My guess would still be that most people haven’t got it. “Many councils are now saying they will give it in May or June or July. “They have now been given up until September to give the money which really does not help in the middle of a cost of living crisis.” Martin did acknowledge this was an emergency scheme that many local governments may not have been amply prepared for, hence the delays. He urged individuals to go to their local council’s website to check when the body says it will be issuing payments. If a website states they have already issued payments, then individuals may have to investigate the matter further. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Martin concluded: “Certainly, if you have not had the £150 yet, you are not alone!” The £150 rebate will not have to be paid back by recipients, and one payment will be issued per eligible household. To check one’s council tax band, and thus eligibility, individuals can use the Government’s website.   Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.