Carlos Alcaraz admitted he would be texting David Nalbandian - the only man ever to beat Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer in the same tournament - to get advice ahead of his first meeting with the world No 1 on Saturday. The 19-year-old managed to get his first-ever victory over Nadal 6-2 1-6 6-3 in Friday's quarter-final and now faces the top seed. Alcaraz survived an injury scare to overcome Nadal for the first time and advance to the semi-finals, where he will now face another tough test in world No 1 Djokovic. The Spaniard is hoping to repeat some of David Nalbandian's heroics, as the retired former 3 became the only man to beat all members of the Big Three in the same tournament when he defeated them back-to-back-to-back en route to the Madrid Open title in 2007. "Of course I’m focusing on tomorrow," the world No 9 said after his monumental victory over the third seed. "I will text Nalbandian how he did it. Well, I will fight and let’s see what happens tomorrow," he laughed. When he was reminded of Nalbandians achievement 15 years ago, he said he "hoped" the retired Argentine and current coach of Djokovic's compatriot Miomir Kecmanovic would come through with some helpful advice. JUST IN: Raducanu discovers Italian Open draw fate including possible Osaka tie   The four-time title winner has been compared to Nadal throughout his career and even mirrored the world No 4's achievements in Barcelona recently - winning the title exactly 17 years to the day a then-18-year-old Nadal won it, and breaking into the top 10 the following day which also fell on the same date as Nadal's own top 10 debut in 2005. And he admitted it "meant a lot" to finally defeat his hero, who he called the "best player in history on clay". "It means a lot to me," he said after his two hour and 28 minute victory. "I mean all the hard work I put in every day pays off today to beat Rafa, beat the best player in history on clay. It means a lot to me." DON'T MISSNadal makes 'incurable' injury confession amid concern over limpDjokovic eases past Hurkacz to set up potential Nadal clash in MadridMedvedev injury update ahead of French Open poses threat to Djokovic   The seventh seed in Madrid also explained the turning point in the match for him after being hindered in the second set when he rolled his ankle and went on to lose four games in a row. "Yeah it affect a lot to me the fall in the second set," he said. "But well, when I lost the second I went to the bathroom, thought that I was able to come back, was able to do my best, try everything on court, fight until the last ball and I think it was the key."