Mr Saurabh Phadnis, Consultant Gynaecologist and Gynaecological Oncologist at London Gynaecology explained some of the early signs of ovarian cancer. He noted: “Ovarian cancer is notorious for causing very minimal symptoms in the early stages so a high index of suspicion and being aware of symptoms is important.” He said it commonly occurs after menopause and symptoms can be non-specific. These can include: Mr Saurabh said: “Because these symptoms are so non-specific being aware and alert to changes in the body is essential.”  He said: “If you have any of these symptoms that are persistent you should seek immediate medical help with your GP.” The gynaecologist said: “Unusual symptoms include persistent vaginal discharge, unusual or erratic vaginal bleeding, per rectal bleeding, lump in the groyne or neck (enlarged lymph glands), persistent cough or shortness of breath.” It says other unusual symptoms to look out for are bloating, lower abdominal discomfort and indigestion. He said these signs can occur particularly in your 40s and 50s, and sometimes can be an indication of ovarian cancer symptoms.  The NHS recommends that you see a GP if you have been feeling bloated, particularly more than 12 times a month. If you have other symptoms of ovarian cancer that will not go away you should also see a GP. The NHS adds that if you have a family history of ovarian cancer and are worried you may be at a higher risk of getting it, you should also seek the advice of your GP. “It's unlikely you have cancer, but it's best to check. A GP can do some simple tests to see if you have it,” the health body states.  A risk factor is anything that increases your chance of getting a disease like cancer. Some risk factors, like smoking, can be changed. Others, like a person’s age, cannot be changed. Having one or more risk factors does not mean that you will definitely get ovarian cancer. You have an increased risk of ovarian cancer if you've had breast cancer in the past or are using hormone replacement therapy, according to Cancer Research UK. Studies have also shown that women with endometriosis or diabetes have an increased risk of ovarian cancer, the charity adds.  The NHS says: “The main treatments are surgery and chemotherapy. Other treatments include targeted medicines and hormone treatments.” The health body adds you'll have regular check-ups during and after any treatments. You may also have tests and scans. “If you have any symptoms or side effects that you are worried about, talk to your specialists. You do not need to wait for your next check-up,” it advise 