Stuart (played by Ricky Champ) has struggled to show affection towards his newborn son, and constantly makes excuses not to be around him. His wife Rainie (Tanya Franks) has put Stuart's strange behaviour down to his fears about relapsing from the painkillers he had been prescribed, but it seems like he could be suffering due to his inability to connect with Roland. The EastEnders pair went through a lot to get a surrogate and have a baby, but it's possible Rainie might decide to give Roland up to Bernie when the time to make an official decision comes. Official spoilers for the BBC soap confirm Rainie will begin to have doubts about raising a baby. It comes as she has a go at Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) for cheating on Callum Highway (Tony Clay). However, her mind soon turns back to Stuart and helping him with the baby. Bernie (Clair Norris) later watches on as Rainie takes the family for a picnic. Sonia Jackson (Natalie Cassidy) spots the new mother and shares some words of advice with her. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? When she's back home, Rainie is shocked to learn just how much Stuart is struggling. As Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths) checks in on Rainie, Bernie reveals she has started the process of getting Roland’s official parental order being signed. However, instead of feeling positive about making official steps to become Roland's mother, Rainie is filled with dread. Last week, Stuart confided in Dotty Cotton (Milly Zero) he was having trouble to bond with his son. As she accused him of taking drugs, he insisted: "I'm not high." "Look at you," she replied. "You're pale, spaced out, lying through your teeth." "I just got back from my first chemo," Stuart informed her, but a shrewd Dotty had noticed other signs. "What was up with Rainie earlier, then?" she asked as Stuart sat alone and looking confused. "Bag of pills," Dotty recalled, as Sturt corrected her: "Pain killers." "In a little plastic bag?" Dotty went on. "How stupid do you think I am?" DON'T MISS... The Chase forced to undergo major change by ITV boss 'Boring' [LATEST]'I don't care' Jane McDonald opens up on appearance concerns [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Double exit for Janine and Scarlett [THEORY] "No, she's monitoring my dose," Stuart argued, but this concerned Dotty. "How could you do that to Bernie?" she demanded. "I ain't letting that baby grow up like this. "I'm not saying I'm a saint, but I don't pretend to be one either, at least I'm honest." As she turned to leave, Stuart begged her not to tell Bernie: "I'll tell you what's really going on. I had to lie about the drugs because the truth is worse." He admitted: "When I look at Roland, I feel empty. You know that thing that you're supposed to feel? That bond, I don't feel it." Dotty was appalled by Stuart's confession: "So Bernie did the most amazing thing for you, and you don't even want it?" He explained he would "fix it" as he reflected Rainie has been through hell. "Don't take that away from her, please," he begged Dotty. However, once Rainie learns what's really going on, will she be willing to give up Roland? Perhaps she will prioritise Stuart after his serious health battle, and decide to give Roland to Bernie before the parental order is made. It's possible she may make an exit from the Square though, as she will likely find it too hard to be living near Roland. Could Rainie and Stuart leave Walford behind them for good as Stuart comes to terms with his feelings? EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.