News of rising interest rates is likely to cause further distress to British households already feeling the financial pinch. A 30 year high in inflation, driven by record energy and food bills, is further compounding the misery for Britons, many of whom could now struggle to buy basic goods and services. The bad news for embattled Brits is that the prediction most economists had warned about ahead of Thursday's announcement has come to pass. The Bank of England (BoE) said rates grew by 0.25 percentage points to one percent, which matches the level previously set in February 2009. At that point the BoE was in the process of cutting rates to historic lows as the global financial crisis took effect. READ MORE: NatWest sheds light on new online banking scam tactic  A rise in interest rates will be felt particularly by some Brits who have borrowed money and are yet to repay the full amount. Those who have mortgages tied to the Bank of England's rates will also feel this squeeze as monthly repayments are likely to be upped. Ultimately, everyone will be affected by the development and soon begin to notice they have even less money to spend.  The idea of growing interest rates is usually linked to sharp levels of inflation. At present inflation stands at seven percent, which is the highest the measure has been since 1992. So, when interest rates are swollen, borrowing becomes more expensive and people will have less money to spend. Consequently, consumers will buy fewer things and prices will stop rising as fast. DON'T MISS: Warning issued to Britons who use cash in supermarkets [NEWS]Furious expats rage at Brexit 's*** show UK [ANALYSIS]Brexit POLL: Are you embarrassed to be British? [POLL]  However, when inflation is triggered by external forces, such as the global squeeze on energy prices, then this might not be the answer. Instead, the Government might choose to cut taxes for consumers on items that are rising quickly. During recent weeks central banks around the world have started to grow rates to combat high inflation. On Tuesday, Australia grew its own interest rates for the first time since November 2010.  The new changes will see the cash rate grow by 25 basis points to 0.35 percent. In fact, the hike is greater than the media forecast of 32 economists by Reuters which came to an estimate of 15 basis points to 0.25 percent. Meanwhile, the US Federal Reserve has also raised its measure by 0.5 percentage points to a target rate range of between 0.75 and one percent. The move seen there was the largest since 2000 and follows a 0.25 percentage point increase in March. 