ITV News and Loose Women anchor Charlene White, 41, has taken Lewis Hamilton’s side in his reported row with FIA President Mohammed bin Sulayem over jewellery. Charlene took to Twitter to praise the Mercedes champion for arriving at a press conference ahead of his big race at the Miami Grand Prix laden in opulent accessories. On Friday, Lewis, 37, turned up to speak to the press wearing a staggering three watches, eight rings, four necklaces, one bracelet and two earrings. Charlene shared a photo of the F1 star making a statement with his jewellery in view of her 63,000 followers. She wrote alongside it: “Elite level pettiness,” alongside a fire emoji, to praise the top driver. It comes after Lewis made a U-turn over his promise to boycott today’s Grand Prix over wanting to wear piercings while racing, despite Formula 1's governing body, the FIA, maintaining a strict approach to drivers wearing jewellery in their cars. READ MORE... Amanda Holden, 51, puts on sizzling display in tiny red bikini  Lewis has now agreed to a medical examination at the track on Friday and has removed all but two of his piercings.    The star explained that the two studs cannot be removed easily and he has been granted a two-race exemption to leave them as they are while he contemplates potential solutions.    Despite his U-turn, Lewis put on another defiant display yesterday while out and about in the American city, as he was snapped dripping in jewellery at the Miami International Autodrome in Florida.    He donned £1800-worth of rings and a silver chain while on his way to the Paddock ahead of his final practice for the Grand Prix.  Fans took to the comments section of Charlene’s post to share their thoughts on her verdict on Lewis’ jewellery row. Nicki Rann agreed: “I'm thinking he could have worn more watches and necklaces. I feel the level of pettiness could have higher. Definitely at a level I aspire to though, I love the man.” Charlene enjoyed Nicki’s response, as she wrote back: “I too aspire to this level of pettiness, Nicki. We ought to both work harder to achieve it.” Andrew Deighton added: “I love the man, surely had more to wear.” However, thepurpledahlia argued: “After Romain caught fire in a crash I can completely understand the ban. If he had been wearing a watch his injury’s could have been much worse.”(sic) DON'T MISS:Donny Osmond says Michael Jackson 'left him in the dust' [COMMENT]Gary Lineker addresses James Corden Match of The Day replacement claim [OPINION]Andrea McLean addresses TV return after quitting Loose Women [INTERVIEW] Robbo also tweeted: “Just another example if how boring and childish he is.”(sic)  During the press conference, Lewis spoke out after being quizzed on what was going on regarding his piercings row.  He said on Friday: “I really don't know. As I said, I can't remove at least two of them.  “One I can't really explain where it is. But what I can say is it's platinum that I have, so it's not magnetic.  “It's never been a safety issue in the past.” The British champion explained there was a possibility he wouldn’t race due to the issue, adding: “So yeah, if they stop me then so be it. We've got a spare driver. So we're well prepped for the weekend.  “There's lots to do in the city anyway so it will be good either way. I couldn't get any more [jewellery] on today!”  He went on to argue that the rule on jewellery is a “step backwards” for the sport and pointed out he has been wearing accessories while racing for 16 years without any issue.  Race director Niels Wittich recently sent a letter to F1 teams explaining the decision to clamp down on jewellery, due to concerns that it may become “lodged or snagged” while driving. 