Any gardener will come across stubborn weeds at some point, with paving stones, lawns and flowerbeds easy prey for unwanted weeds. Dandelions, daisies, nettles and yarrow can wreak havoc and look unsightly in your garden - spreading rapidly. Prying the weeds from the roots can take a lot of time and energy, however, there are easy homemade weed killers which will save gardeners both time and money. Gardening experts at Harpenden Block Paving have shared how to get rid of weeds to keep block paving looking as attractive as the day it was first installed. Depending on where the weeds are in your garden, you can make an effective weed killer and get rid of those pesky plants. A “cheap and effective” way to get rid of weeds is to use the white vinegar method. It can be purchased for as little as 29p from Tesco. White vinegar's high acidity is ideal for targeting weeds and removing them for good. READ MORE: Patio weeds: How to kill patio weeds using 29p method - ‘fast-acting’ The gardening pros said: “White vinegar is readily available, cheap, and an effective weed killer for block paving. “It dries out weeds on contact – you can use white vinegar on younger weeds or vinegar with a higher concentration for older weeds, such as weed killer vinegar, which can be picked up at any garden shops or supermarkets.” Washing up liquid can also be added to the kitchen staple to help the substance adhere better to the weeds. The experts instructed: “Mix two teaspoons of dish soap in with the white vinegar (the amount of vinegar will depend on the size of the job at hand, but typically, with two teaspoons of soap, you will require 4.5 litres of white vinegar to mix). “Once stirred, pour the solution into a garden spray bottle.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks [COMMENT]Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to keep spiders out the home using ‘super easy’ way [TIPS] If gardeners only have a few weeds to tackle, they can pierce a few holes into the cap of the vinegar bottle and douse the weeds by pouring straight out of the bottle that way. The gardening pros continued: “Spray the weeds on a sunny day – this will help the vinegar to work its magic and speed up drying out the pesky weeds. “If it rains soon after you have sprayed your weeds, wait until it dries up outside and spray them again.” One very cheap and incredibly simple technique for those weeds in between paving stones is boiling water. The experts suggested: “A good way to kill weeds and prevent germination is to boil your kettle and pour the water between your patio slabs. “Repeat until you have doused all pesky weeds.” Be careful when pouring the boiling water, pour from a short height and pour directly onto the weeds Whenever you boil the kettle, pour any remaining boiling on your weeds to prevent wastage and to reduce the weeds. Baking soda, also called sodium bicarbonate, is an effective way to eliminate weeds by increasing levels of salt. When exposed to an overload of salt, weeds cannot survive. As an increased level of salt in soil also poses a problem for non-weed plants in the vicinity, it is best to use this method on patio areas. The gardening experts suggested: “Sprinkle baking soda over your patio and sweep it into the gaps between the slabs, then hose down with water.” Now is a perfect time to carry out this method as the experts said that it is “best used in spring”. This method needs repeating every four to six weeks and can be applied after heavy rain.