The Chancellor is said to be proposing a package to help people pay their energy bills in July followed by further help with energy bills and general tax cuts in the autumn. If the proposals get the green light, millions of Britons will benefit. Help could be on its way to some of the poorest households in Britain who are struggling to make ends meet during the cost of living crisis. Rishi Sunak is considering a warm home top-up for some of the hardest hit households in the UK, according to The Times. The Chancellor could increase the warm home discount from £150 to up to £600 which would benefit families on a low income and pensioners. Following this, Mr Sunak is considering using his autumn budget to cut taxes which should help even more people.  READ MORE: Universal Credit: Everything you can claim including 30 freebies What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section here. While cash strapped Britons will welcome this news, nothing is set in stone as the proposals are being considered. It’s also not clear whether a proposed tax cut will be implemented in the form of an income tax reduction or whether it would be a slash in VAT. However, Mr Sunak is considering bringing forward an income tax cut planned for 2024, the i reports. The cut would see income tax reduced from 20p to 19p this autumn - instead of April next year. DON'T MISSSantander is offering savings rates of 2.5% and you only need £1 [UPDATE]Man shocked after receiving false energy bill over £15,000 [ALERT]I never thought I’d be so poor’ Pensioner shares money saving tips [INSIGHT] This comes amid worrying news that inflation has hit nine percent - with prices rising at their fastest rate in 40 years.   StepChange Director of External Affairs Richard Lane said at present the measures being taken by the Government to help those struggling aren’t enough. He said: “The widening gap between people’s incomes and the cost of their essential spending is opening up problematic fault lines in household finances and contributing to debt problems, especially for lower income households whose budgets have little ability to flex." “While we don’t doubt that policymakers are aware of the problem, at present the measures being taken to plug the gap are simply not sufficient to help many households avoid incurring debt as a result of the rising cost of living. “We need to see targeted support specifically aimed at those households whose budgets don’t have the bandwidth to absorb higher costs – such as people on low incomes and relying on social security for some or all of their income, and those with vulnerabilities that mean they have specific needs and cannot cut their spending in areas such as energy or food. "These groups are already over-represented among those experiencing problem debt, and there is no time to lose if their financial situation is to be prevented from worsening drastically over the coming months.”   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Becky O’Connor, head of pensions and savings at interactive investor, said proposals to increase the Warm Home Discount might take the edge off, but they wont go far enough. She said: “Even today’s pensioners may barely remember the last time inflation was this high – 1982 was the year of the Falklands War." She continued: “The increase in costs to households of basic energy is a huge shock to the system. Proposals by the Government to offer warm home top-ups might take the edge off, but come winter, the household finances of the most vulnerable will still be in the deep freeze. “Energy price rises are panic inducing.” She reminded people to make full use of all discounts available to them, especially Pension Credit. Ms O’Connor added: “You may be eligible for additional support from your local authority and it is worth checking. It will be very hard to get through the next few months without help, so don’t delay. “Age UK and Citizens Advice may also be able to help you identify the best sources of support for your circumstances.”   