Miami GP managing partner Tom Garfinkel has said F1 bosses are partly responsible for the controversial fake water installed as part of the new marina section. He revealed F1 wanted ‘shots of the yachts’ in their initial meeting with the Miami hosts but were stuck when the decision was made to move the race to the Hard Rock Stadium. However, he went back and promised F1 chiefs they would get pictures of the yachts, which is when the idea of the fake marina was launched. The artificial water has generated massive interest this week as the first photos of the completed new circuit were released. It is located between turns seven and eight, just before the back straight. The hospitality area has several yachts on top and will be run by MSC Cruises (USA). It is expected around 400 visitors will be using the boats over the course of the weekend. However, the area is set to become a focal point for fans with the marina located next to bars and restaurants. READ MORE: Miami GP track fears raised which could Lewis Hamilton and Verstappen A fake beach with sun loungers and deck chairs will also be located next to it in a bid to create a carnival atmosphere. Garfinkel told Autosport: “Initially, when we were looking at downtown, F1 had some ideas about wanting the shots of the yachts. When we moved here for a number of reasons, most importantly because we didn't think we could have a good racing circuit downtown, I told F1 that you're gonna get your yacht shots, you're gonna have your yachts. “They looked at me like I was crazy. And then I came back and drew it on the whiteboard and said: ‘I want a marina with yachts here, and we're gonna make it happen.’ And so we did. And it's a lot of fun.” DON'T MISSF1 fans 'embarrassed’ by fake water as Miami GP marina takes shape [COMMENT]Miami GP's guests include LeBron James, Michael Jordan and Tom Brady [INSIGHT]Schumacher happy F1 becoming 'more American' despite Miami GP reaction [ANALYSIS] But, the new section has caused controversy on social media, with a number of fans appalled by the design. Some compared the new section to computer game graphics while others called its inclusion ‘sad’. One user added: "Although I have no involvement whatsoever in the production of this, I can't help but feel embarrassed for the spectacle. I found some aspects of Austin last year to be cringy, but this is far worse.” @Aperta wrote: “I find this so funny, they want to be Monaco so bad.”