As Kylian Mbappe's contract saga rumbles on, a late twist could indirectly inflict damage on Liverpool. After heading towards a seemingly inevitable free transfer to Real Madrid in July, the latest murmurs suggest Mbappe is now set to remain at Paris Saint-Germain beyond this summer. According to Di Marzio, PSG have offered the 23-year-old a 'sensational raise' to convince him to stay in the French capital. And their counter-offer has tempted him to perform a sensational U-turn to snub his dream move to Real. Meanwhile, Mbappe's mother, Fayza, has revealed: "We have an agreement with both Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain. Kylian will now decide. The two offers from PSG and Real Madrid are almost identical. It's up to Kylian now; he will make a decision." Real and the club's fans will undoubtedly be distraught if they narrowly miss out on one of Europe's top players this summer. However, the La Liga giants' search for an alternative could pull Liverpool into a frustrating scenario surrounding two of Jurgen Klopp's most crucial stars. JUST IN: Ralf Rangnick's biggest disappointment ahead of final Man Utd game Mohamed Salah's Liverpool contract expires in 2023, and if the almighty Real Madrid come calling, a dream situation for the majority of footballers, it could be too tempting a prospect to turn down. If Los Blancos miss out on Mbappe, they will almost certainly pursue another Galactico to please their demanding fanbase's appetite for marquee acquisitions. Earlier this month, Real manager Carlo Ancelotti endorsed Salah's comments claiming he's the best right-winger in world football. The Italian coach said: "Salah has said that in his position, he is the best in the world, and I think he is right. I agree with him. In his position, yes, he is the best in the world." READ MORE: Tottenham star Harry Kane 'unwell' ahead of Norwich Sadio Mane could also be brought into the equation amid growing interest in his services ahead of another 2023 contract expiry. Of course, PSG could target both as replacements if Mbappe does depart, but they would surely prefer to join a more competitive league in La Liga. Real also boast far more history and prestige than PSG, and there would likely be a greater chance of both forwards snubbing the latter in favour of a Liverpool stay. But the Spanish giants will want to move quick if Mbappe slips through their grasp, and Salah and Mane could be high on their wishlist. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.