He raped and killed the 33-year-old marketing executive after abducting her in south London on March 3 2021. It was the first time such a term was imposed for a single murder of an adult not committed in a terror attack. Senior Appeal Court judges yesterday heard jail challenges by five killers including whole-life ones for Couzens and double murderer Ian Stewart. A bearded Couzens appeared on video link from Frankland jail in Co Durham as Ms Everard's relatives sat in London's Royal Courts of Justice. Jim Sturman QC for Couzens said he "accepts that his crimes are abhorrent and nothing I say in any way is intended to minimise them". He added it was also accepted Couzens deserved "decades in jail" but argued a whole-life term was excessive. Mr Sturman added: "His remorse and his guilty pleas...should balance out that aggravating factor which clearly exists, of him being a police officer." The lawyer claimed Couzens was unique out of the 64 criminals currently serving whole-life terms. He said: "Whilst this may well be considered by the public and the court to be a case of equal seriousness to a political, religious or ideological murder, it is not such an offence."  Tom Little QC, appearing for the Attorney General's Office and Crown Prosecution Service, said Couzens' offending was of the "utmost seriousness. A police officer is in a uniquely powerful position." He said the judge gave a "clear and coherent justification" for the whole-life term "in relation to a lack of genuine contrition". Emma Tustin and Thomas Hughes, who killed six-year-old Arthur Labinjo-Hughes in June 2020, also had their terms reviewed yesterday. She had been jailed for at least 29 years and Hughes,Arthur's father, was given 21. They appealed against the length of their terms, which are also being challenged as unduly lenient. Mr Little said that Tustin "merited at the very least consideration of a whole-life order" after the little boy was "subjected to the most unimaginable suffering". Tustin's barrister Mary Prior said the sentencing judge had taken a "fair and proper approach". Bernard Richmond QC, for Hughes, said a judge erred by almost "treble counting" when calculating his jail term. Stewart murdered his wife Diane in 2010 then six years later murdered his fiancee, author Helen Bailey. He did not attend the appeal but his QC Amjad Malik argued that the whole-life order for murdering his wife was not justified in the circumstances of the case. However Mr Little QC claimed: "It is difficult to say that this sentence was either manifestly excessive or wrong in principle." The hearing ended yesterday and the Lord Chief Justice Lord Burnett, who sat with four other judges, said: "We propose to take time to consider our decisions in these very difficult and tragic cases." 