Throughout her long reign, the Queen has become synonymous with her beloved corgis. So it's rather fitting that when celebrating the Platinum Jubilee in a digital age, the Royal Family have released a brand new corgi emoji in the Queen's honour.  PJ the corgi has a sweet purple crown, the official Platinum Jubilee colour, and his tongue is cheekily poking out. By using a range of hashtags, Twitter users will be able to use PJ the corgi in their Tweets to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Royal Family's Twitter account explained: "PJ will appear whenever you use #PlatinumJubilee #HM70 #PlatinumPartyatthePalace #PlatinumJubileePageant or #TheBigJubileeLunch and we’re hoping that as many of you as possible will use PJ to help celebrate the Jubilee here on Twitter."  READ MORE: Kate’s favourite takeaway laid bare but William ‘wouldn't eat it' On the picture-sharing app Instagram, PJ the corgi will be a sticker that users can use in their posts over the Jubilee weekend. Along with a host of other royal-themed stickers, there will also be a new filter for royal fans to try out over the celebrations. The Royal Family Instagram account shared on Thursday: "Meet ‘PJ’ our Platinum Jubilee corgi! Other stickers include a guardsman and his horse enjoying a Jubilee tea, a crown, a popping bottle of champagne and bunting. There’s also a new filter which will enable you to try on a crown for size.   "We’re hoping as many of you as possible use these tools to celebrate the Jubilee with us here on Instagram." Mischievous puppet corgis are expected to cause comic chaos on The Mall in the Jubilee Pageant on the Sunday Jubilee celebrations. The monarch is no doubt delighted that corgis will play such a key part in her Platinum Jubilee celebrations, as she has been devoted to the dog breed throughout her lifetime.  DON'T MISS:Royal etiquette no-no's: Four rules that must be followed around Queen [EXPLAINER]Princess Beatrice steps to fore in rare royal outing  [INSIGHT]Queen's former butler reveals monarch's favourite tea [ANALYSIS] The Queen currently has three dogs, a dorgi (dachshund/corgi cross) called Candy and two corgi puppies, Muick and Sandy, and Candy recently delighted royal fans by gate-crashing an event at the Oak Room in Windsor Castle back in February 2022. While the Queen was looking at cards and memorabilia to mark her upcoming accession anniversary, Candy approached the monarch for strokes and treats. The Queen quipped: "And where did you come from? I know what you want." Over her lifetime, the Queen has owned more than 30 corgis and most have descended from her first corgi Susan, who she became the owner of in 1944. 