Roger Federer delighted both tennis and F1 fans by joining up with George Russell and Lewis Hamilton at the Spanish Grand Prix. Mercedes followers reacted jubilantly to an image of the trio before Federer sat back and watched Saturday's qualifying sessions. The Mercedes team hold high hopes in Spain, having introduced a host of new upgrades that appear to have made a significant dent in their porpoising problems.  Early signs were positive as both Hamilton and Russell finished in the top three during FP2. Federer may therefore have timed his visit to perfection, given that the Silver Arrows camp has not always been a happy one this year. Mercedes' social media team released a picture of the three stars smiling from ear to ear, which predictably delighted followers. "I was already freaking out about quali and now you drop THIS masterpiece. Do you want me to have a heart attack Admin?" said @formulamegan, while @wolffsupremacy replied with the similarly excitable message: "Oh my gosh admin I am screaming and crying, thank you for this." DON'T MISS: Spanish GP qualifying LIVE: Lewis Hamilton set for Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc duel Other fans made light of the apparent difference between Hamilton and Russell, given that the former has been in the sport for 15 years and the latter is new to the glitz and glamour of the Mercedes garage. @spidey_rosie said: "George looks so happy bless him," while @Ikaycodex claimed of Federer and Hamilton: "Every GOAT wants to be with the real GOAT. Last time we had [Tom] Brady and [Michael] Jordan with Lewis, and now Roger. Lewis sits at the top." It remains to be seen if Federer will represent a good luck charm this weekend. It is set to be a crucial one for Mercedes, given that team principal Toto Wolff suggested that they would know, one way or another, whether to persevere or give up on their radical 'no-sidepod' design. Federer is still taking time out from the tennis court as he recovers from knee surgery, which he opted to undergo after last year's Wimbledon Championships. He would normally be one of the big hitters at the upcoming French Open which is set to get underway in the coming days. The likes of Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal, Carlos Alcaraz and Emma Raducanu will instead shoulder the responsibility of wowing fans in the Swiss' absence. The 40-year-old, who has claimed 20 Grand Slam titles over the course of a glittering career, is rumoured to be eyeing up a return at Wimbledon this year, but there has been no concrete update on when he may take to the court again. Thankfully for F1 fans, all the star-studded names are on show at Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya. Red Bull and Ferrari have made the early running in this year's Constructors' Championship despite Mercedes' dominance since 2014. Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc have split each of the five Grand Prix between them so far this season. There is also an in-house score to settle at the Silver Arrows as Russell currently sits 23 points ahead of his more experienced team-mate.