Arsenal are aiming to improve the quality of their squad 'substantially' with a small amount of key signings this summer, according to reports. Arsenal made six signings in the close season in 2021 but are set to adopt a different approach to the transfer window this year. The Gunners were the biggest spenders in the Premier League last summer. They spent around £140million on their six new arrivals. However, The Athletic says there will not be as many new faces through the door at the Emirates in the upcoming window. The club's technical director Edu will instead aim to make serious improvements to Mikel Arteta's playing staff with a few key additions. The same report says Arsenal are still confident of landing their top targets this summer, despite missing out on qualification to the Champions League. The Gunners finished fifth in the Premier League table, two points behind their north London rivals Tottenham. READ MORE: Arsenal have specific requirement for centre-back signing in Gabriel exit hint However, the club feels their project is still attractive for potential new signings. There is also the lure of living in London, which Arsenal believe can help their cause. Signing a striker is undoubtedly the main priority, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract this summer. Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus is the top target, with Napoli's Victor Osimhen also linked. But Arteta is also hopeful to recruit in defence and midfield. Brazilian youngster Marquinhos has already agreed to join and USA goalkeeper Matt Turner is set to arrive from New England Revolution. DON'T MISSPau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transfer [GOSSIP]Liverpool have four alternatives if Aurelien Tchouameni snubs Reds to join Real Madrid [TRANSFERS]Erik ten Hag has only seven players worth keeping at Man Utd ahead of window [OPINION] Speaking last week, Arteta conceded the club would not have an unlimited transfer budget to spend on new signings. The Spaniard says there are now more top teams in the Premier League to compete for the same players. He said: “We are going to have certain resources, not unlimited resources, some resources. And with our resources we have to play and do what we have to do in the best possible way. We don't know what the rest are going to have in terms of resources, which I'm assuming is going to be challenging because now it's not a top three or top four league. "Now it is a top eight or 10 teams that are involved. That's why we have to find a way to do again what we did last summer.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here