Sam Asghari, 28, has thanked fans for their support after he and fiancée Britney Spears suffered a miscarriage. On Monday, Britney revealed that they lost their “miracle baby early in the pregnancy”. Sam took to Instagram with a quote which expressed the gratitude the couple felt after receiving kind words from people. The Iran-born actor said: “We have felt your support. “We are taking things positively and moving forward with our future. “It’s hard but we are not alone. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 “Thank you for respecting our privacy. We will be expanding our family soon.” The singer announced last month that she and husband Sam were expecting their first child together. She then announced the sad news of the miscarriage in a joint statement posted to her Instagram account on Saturday. Britney added: “This is a devastating time for any parent. “Perhaps we should have waited to announce until we were further along however we were overly excited to share the good news." The couple said they would continue in their attempts to have another child. She added in the caption to the post: “Our love for each other is our strength. “We will continue trying to expand our beautiful family. We are grateful for all your support. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] “We kindly ask for privacy during this difficult moment.” The message was then signed off by Britney and her fiancé. On Monday, the pop singer shared a Sex and the City meme that featured the character Carrie Bradshaw with heavy eye makeup saying: “I am not in the mood to be with a bunch of people.” Britney has two children from her previous marriage to Kevin Federline. They are sons Jayden, 15 and Sean, 16. The Toxic singer had been updating fans on her pregnancy on her Instagram account over the past few weeks. She recently discussed her mood swings and food cravings. “Being pregnant my hormones are kinda stupid…" she wrote. “But it’s weird I want to jump out of the car and run naked like Will Ferrell in "Old School"… “Yep pregnant lady running through don’t mind me and I’m hot as f**k here… “I thought pizza looked great but it tasted like salami!!!”