Everton fan Tony Bellew was full of passion after his side confirmed their place in the Premier League next season with a 3-2 win over Crystal Palace. The Blues were 2-0 down at half-time but scored three second half goals to claim all three points and ensure they would avoid the drop. Michael Keane, Richarlison and Dominic Calvert-Lewin scored the goals to send Bellew and the Goodison Park faithful into raptures as fans invaded the pitch following the England striker’s winning goal. Former boxer Bellew called into talkSPORT to speak with Jamie O’Hara and Dean Saunders after the game had finished to chant Everton songs to the two presenters, and reveal what he told the players after the stunning win. Bellew said: “I have just been in the dressing room and seen all the lads, I just said ‘What you have just done is unbelievable’, I understand it’s not good enough by the standards and the money paid for that squad, they should never be in that position but to get out of it tonight in that manner. “I thought I had seen it all because I was in my season ticket the last time this happened against Wimbledon, and I was in my season ticket for the Coventry game and I thought I had literally seen it all against Wimbledon, I never thought I would see that again and I have witnessed it again with my kids tonight.” Everton can go into the final day of the season away to Arsenal free from the pressure of relegation, and Bellew revealed just how much it meant to him and many other Blues fans, and what he thinks of manager Frank Lampard. He said: “I have shed tears of joy, I have shed tears of anger. " "I have been speaking to him [Lampard] earlier today and he has been given a squad there of five different managers all gelled into one. I can’t swear on the radio but it’s just a bit of a mess of a situation that has been dealt to him. "What I will say is all the lads love him and they have all fought for him. As you have seen the spirit of Everton football club has shone through, and them fans are the reason where Everton are where they are and are who we are. We are the identity of the club, we have seen what we are willing to go through. We will not give in no matter what.” Everton travel to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday to face an Arsenal side still hoping to finish in the Champions League places, but will know their future has already been secured for next season.