The Repair Shop has returned to BBC One for a ninth series of the heartwarming programme. Jay Blades, who hosts the show which sees guests get their most cherished belongings restored by experts, has described the new series as "incredible". The show is watched by millions of viewers and Jay has spoken out on a request he asks his co-stars each year in a bid to keep things interesting. Jay appeared on Thursday's instalment of This Morning to be interviewed by hosts Phillip Schofield and Rochelle Humes about The Repair Shop's success. Discussing the new series which dropped on Wednesday, Jay said: "I am unbelievably excited, well the whole team is excited for us to be back because we have been filming during lockdown. "The stories, the items, the repairs, it's just phenomenal." He continued: "I could not wait for all of you to see it and I am so glad you all got to last night."  READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update Phillip said he found it amazing how the programme "strikes a chord" with so many viewers at home. "You get viewing figures which most people would dream of in their wildest dreams," the This Morning host added. "Is it because it's heartwarming and there is a little challenge there? "For us watching we know we are probably quite safe you are going to make it okay."   Jay confidently replied: "We've got over 600 years of experience between us in the barn so we are quite safe with regards to fixing things which come through the door. "Having those kinds of figures [seven million] does have a responsibility and we don't want to become the same old show. "So every year I ask the team in front of and behind the camera to give 60 percent more [each series]. "So that means to push ourselves to repair something we have not done before and for this series, you are going to see that - it's unbelievable." DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades recalls having food ‘stolen’ [LATEST]Jay Blades opens up on 'emotional' aspect of the Repair Shop [UPDATE]Jay Blades: From macho man to making a difference [INSIGHT]   In the opening episode of the latest series, clockmaker Steve Fletcher was tasked with repairing the largest clock he had ever seen in the famous barn. The item belonged to a guest's late father and the expert asked his 21-year-old son to get on board with restoring the "fantastic" piece. Ahead of the series airing, Jay spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the trust the experts have gained as guests leave their most precious items in their hands. "It is really emotional, hearing all the stories," the dad-of-one reflected.  "And it's one of those things where I feel really proud and privileged that people are letting us into their family. "And they're letting us know about their stories. Sometimes, the things that we have are quite raw. "Some of the items that people bring in, and the stories that are attached to them - whether it's suicide or whether it's a death in a family - that does feel very, very personal." This Morning continues on weekdays at 10am on ITV and The Repair Shop continues on Wednesdays on BBC One at 8pm. 