On Wednesday, May 18, it was reported by Russian media that the leader of Belarus approved changes to the country's criminal code. These changes would make attempted acts of what the state brands terrorism punishable by the death penalty. The ex-Soviet country already allowed the death penalty for acts of terrorism that cause loss of life, for brutal murders and multiple murders. The legislation change came after activists tried to sabotage parts of the railway network to obstruct Russian forces as they deploy military equipment into Ukraine. Belarus' parliament backed the expansion of the death penalty use. Alexander Lukashenko is a close ally of Vladimir Putin. Russia has used Belarusian territory as a staging ground to attack Ukraine since the beginning of the invasion on February 24. Russian news agencies said that a document on a Belarusian national legal portal showed Lukashenko had signed the amendments allowing the death penalty for attempted acts of terrorism. The new rules enter force within 10 days of their official publication. Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya, leader of the Belarusian opposition, blasted Lukashenko for the inhumane change of legislation. The politician has been actively leading a ‘Belarusian Anti-War Movement’ sabotaging Russia’s war against Ukraine and the country’s support to Putin’s forces. With a post on her Twitter account, she called for support from the international community. Ms Tsikhanouskaya said: “The lawless regime introduced capital punishment for acts of ‘attempted terrorism’. “This is a direct threat to activists opposing the dictator and the war. “I urge the international community to react: sanction lawmakers and consider any tools to prevent the political killings.” In a later post, she noted: “No coincidence that the death penalty for “attempted” terrorism was introduced on the same day when Orwell’s book ‘1984’ became allegedly banned in Belarus. “The co-aggressor wants to fool us that war is peace and names dissent as terrorism. But I see dread, not strength.” A senior advisor to Tsikhanouskaya, Franak Viačorka, posted a shocking picture of a heavily injured activist who took part in the sabotaging acts to stop a delivery of Russian weapons to Ukraine. The photo was shared on April 6 on Telegram by the "Community of Railway Workers of Belarus", with the account claiming that the activists were shot in the knees by Belarusian police and the KGB.