Xbox Game Pass is getting a boatload of new games in the second half of May. Microsoft has announced plans to bring 12 titles to Game Pass between now and the end of the month. The haul is headlined by Sniper Elite 5, which launches on May 26. Despite being developed and published by a third-party, Sniper Elite joins Game Pass on the day of launch. This represents incredible value for money, as Sniper Elite 5 costs £54.99 over on the PlayStation Store. The latest third-person shooter from UK studio Rebellion, Sniper Elite 5 takes place in France during WW2. "Sniper Elite 5 offers unparalleled sniping, tactical third-person combat and an enhanced kill cam," reads the official description. "Fight your way across the most immersive maps yet, with many real-world locations captured in stunning detail, and an improved traversal system that lets you explore more of them than ever before. "As part of a covert US Rangers operation to weaken the Atlantikwall fortifications along the coast of Brittany, elite marksman Karl Fairburne makes contact with the French Resistance. Soon they uncover a secret Nazi project that threatens to end the war before the Allies can even invade Europe: Operation Kraken." Other releases coming to Xbox Game Pass include Little Witch in the Woods, Skate, Umurangi Generation Special Edition, Her Story and Jurassic World Evolution 2, which all join the service today (May 17). Elsewhere, Farming Simulator 22 and Vampire Survivors join the service on May 19, followed by Floppy Knights and Hardspace: Shipbreaker on May 24. Finally, the month ends with the release of Cricket 22 and Pac-Man Museum+ on May 27. Pac-Man Museum+ is a compilation featuring 14 of titles from the history of the iconic franchise. "Players can enjoy the iconic original arcade classic alongside a variety of other play styles from over 40 years of Pac-Man history! Also includes online leaderboards and the ability to customize your very own virtual arcade room! Plus, Ultimate members can play with cloud gaming and touch controls on day one, no controller needed! Pac-Man" Museum+ features 14 of the series’ legendary games! Players can enjoy the iconic original arcade classic alongside a variety of other play styles from over 40 years of Pac-Man history! Also includes online leaderboards and the ability to customize your very own virtual arcade room! Plus, Ultimate members can play with cloud gaming and touch controls on day one, no controller needed!