Daniil Medvedev has claimed stripping Wimbledon of ranking points is “logical” - unlike the policy to ban him from The Championships. And the world No.2 admitted it will be “strange” to go back to the top of the rankings because the decision will see Novak Djokovic lose 2,000 from winning the title last year.  The US Open champion is the biggest name to be excluded from the Grand Slam following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The ATP and WTA reacted last week by announcing the removal of ranking points and Naomi Osaka has admitted she could now skip the tournament. After his first round win at the French Open, Medvedev said: “About the ATP decision, it is not easy to comment. But when I read the Q and A from the ATP, why they made this decision, because they are explaining themself, they are not just saying: ‘Okay, we decided that.’ I found it very logical what they say at least. This is what I didn't find in Wimbledon explanations. “I'm not saying which decision is right, but at least so far in explaining their decisions, I found ATP just more logical and more consecutive.”   Medvedev became the 27th man to reach World No. 1 since the creation of the ATP Rankings in February Djokovic returned to the top spot the following month. Now the Serb, who also lost 2,000 points when he was deported from Australia, is set to lose the points for winning Wimbledon last year. Medvedev, who still plans to play three grasscourt events after the French Open, only reached the fourth round at SW19 last year. Asked if it would be strange to return to world No.1 without playing, the Russian smiled: “Very strange. I need to be honest, but I'd be really happy to play Wimbledon. I love Wimbledon. I love playing on grass. I will play on grass after Roland Garros. But if I cannot, I am just going to prepare for next tournaments, and just follow what's happening there. There are no points, I become No. 1, well, great for me. If there are points, I cannot become No. 1, I'm going to be gutted. It is what it is. I cannot change some decisions, both about ATP and Wimbledon.”   Medvedev underwent minor surgery after the Miami Open in March and today won his first match since then when he beat Argentine Facundo Bagnis 6-2 6-2 6-2. Last year’s quarter-finalist here said: “Since last year French Open has definitely been warmer to me in terms of everything. So I am really happy about my first round. On clay I have to focus even more on myself than on the opponent. Just don't make mistakes. Put the ball in the court. Today I managed to do this well. Feeling good physically, mentally. Ready for the next round, which is not going to be easy.” The Russian will play Serbian Laslo Djere in the second round. 