Zara Phillips married her longtime boyfriend Mike Tindall in Scotland in 2011. For the glorious day, the Queen’s granddaughter was able to wear an heirloom royal wedding tiara for the first time. This is because royal women are only permitted to wear tiaras once they are married or for their actual wedding day. Zara, the daughter of Princess Anne, arrived at Canongate Kirk in Edinburgh for her wedding to the professional rugby player on July 30, 2011. She was accompanied by her father Captain Mark Phillips as she arrived for the ceremony. Beneath her tulle veil, Zara wore pieces of antique royal jewellery loaned to her by her mother. She secured her veil with Princess Andrew’s Meander Bandeau. This was a diamond tiara that originally belonged to her great-grandmother, Princess Alice of Battenberg (Prince Philip’s mother). She was also known by her married title, Princess Andrew of Greece and Denmark. Deborah Papas from Prestige Pawnbrokers of Channel 4’s Posh Pawn, told Express.co.uk: "This is the most glamorous piece from Princess Anne’s stunning jewellery collection. “'Something borrowed’ does not escape the Royal Family!  “The stunning tiara which belonged to her great-grandmother was lent to Zara on her wedding day by her mother, Princess Anne. “Anne’s mother, Queen Elizabeth received it as a wedding gift in 1947 from Princess Alice of Battenberg who originally acquired it after she married Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark in 1903. “She was never photographed wearing it as she went on to other grander pieces. "There is no surprise that the bandeau is of a meander design and has a centre laurel and honeysuckle decoration on either side.  “It is studded with diamonds set in a white precious metal more likely to be platinum because of the era it was made. “It is perceived to be made by Cartier in France. “It is not known how much the tiara is worth, but Papas estimates it to be worth over £1million and if it is a Cartier piece, it could be as much as £2million to £4million.” Princess Alice gave the tiara to the Queen as a wedding present in 1947, and in turn, the Queen later gave it to Princess Anne.  Zara added even more sparkle with a pair of diamond frame earrings that belonged to her mother. The earrings, plus a coordinating diamond festoon necklace, were Princess Anne’s 18th birthday present from her parents, the Queen and Prince Philip. For the couple’s official wedding portraits, taken after the ceremony at the Palace of Holyroodhouse, Zara removed her veil. This was so she could let the royal diamonds take centre stage. 