On Friday, May 6, The Blacklist season nine returned to NBC with an all-new episode titled The Bear Mask. The episode mainly focused on a new challenge heading Aram’s (played by Amir Arison) way but the biggest talking point came from the heartfelt tribute paid to Kurt Perez at the end in an emotional title card. The tribute to Kurt aired just moments before the credits rolled as it revealed the episode was dedicated in his honour. Kurt was an important part of the show’s crew, working behind the scenes and off-camera to ensure the drama remained as popular as ever, according to CarterMatt. In fact, the show’s crew had paid tribute to Kurt just hours before the episode aired with a sweet nod in a behind the scenes clip. Shared on Instagram by makeup artist Dena Olivieri, she shared a video of the cast and crew celebrating wrapping filming on the ninth season. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 9 smashes ratings record for NBC “THAT’S A WRAP ON THE BLACKLIST S9,” Dena began alongside a series of applause emojis. The caption continued: “Thanks to all who participated in the shenanigans & most of all my love @haileicall.” The clip showed Dena giving high fives to other members of the crew behind the scenes, including one or two of the show’s biggest stars. Amir Arison, Diego Klattenhoff and Hisham Tawfiq are just three of the big names who make appearances in the clip. And by the end of it, a sweet message popped up on-screen to thank the crew as well as pay tribute to Kurt. “That’s a wrap on season 9 of The Blacklist. A huge thank you to the cast & crew for making this happen,” the message began. “Love to you all.” The heartwarming nod to Kurt came right after in a caption that read: “In loving memory of Kurt Perez,” followed by a love heart emoji. Following the title card at the end of the episode, many Blacklist fans took to social media to share their reactions. DON'T MISS:The Blacklist theory: Panabaker to help take down Cooper's blackmailerThe Blacklist plot hole: Reddington made major historical error The Blacklist plot hole: Dembe backstory contains major error Actor Hisham Tawfiq simply put on Twitter: “Kurt Perez #TheBlacklist,” followed by a prayer emoji. While Wesley Coughlan explained: “Tonight's episode of @NBCBlacklist #TheBlacklist #TheBearMask is dedicated in memory of Kurt Perez! He will be sadly missed!” They continued: “Kurt Perez was an important part of @NBCBlackList #TheBlacklist world as a member of the crew & an unsung hero for a lot of what we, the fans, see on-screen. “He tragically passed away earlier this year at far too young an age!” The ninth season of The Blacklist will return next Friday following a series of hiatuses throughout the current run. NBC will air episode 20, titled Caelum Bank, on May 13 in the USA and judging by the synopsis, it’s bound to be unmissable. The NBC plot reads: “In an effort to reveal his true enemy, Red (James Spader) turns to the Task Force to help ground a flying fortress bank.” The Blacklist season 9 continues Fridays on NBC in the USA. Season 9 premieres on Wednesday, May 11 at 9pm on Sky Max and NOW in the UK.