A new study has found a combination of vitamin D, omega-3 oils, and exercise can help reduce the risk of cancer by 61 percent in people over the age of 70. Published in the journal Frontiers in Aging, the study found a combination of three had a significant impact on overall health. Previous studies have shown vitamin D can inhibit the growth of cancer cells. Furthermore omega-3 is thought to potentially inhibit the mutation of normal cells into cancer cells. READ MORE: High cholesterol: The warning signs of ‘excess cholesterol’ Exercise, an activity most recommend should be undertaken, has been shown to improve immune response and decrease inflammation. As well as improve the immune system exercise helps to cut weight and improve cardiovascular health. Although these three entities were known to be beneficial, until this study there was little evidence to suggest for definite their anti-cancer benefits. That was until a study lead by Dr Heike Bischoff-Ferrari and their team the University of Zurich.  Speaking of the study Dr Ferrari said: “Our aim was to test promising combined interventions for cancer prevention taking advantage of potentially small additive benefits from several public health strategies. “In fact, novel cancer treatments aim to block multiple pathways for cancer development by combining several agents. “We translated this concept into cancer prevention.” As a result, the hope of the study is to provide evidence of the strength of pre-emptive cancer reduction, providing simple ways for a person to reduce their risk of cancer. The results of the study revealed all three actions cumulatively reduced the risk of invasive cancers. While all three had small benefits individually, it was when combined they had their greatest potency. Dr Ferrari said of the results: “This is the first randomised controlled trial to show that the combination of daily vitamin D3, supplemental omega-3s, and a simple home exercise program may be effective in the prevention of invasive cancer among generally healthy and active adults aged 70 and older. “Our results, although based on multiple comparisons and requiring replication, may prove to be beneficial for reducing the burden of cancer.” The results of Dr Ferrari’s study come just weeks after the government announced its War on Cancer. Set to last a decade, the aim will be to develop new treatments for the variety of cancers. As part of this new ideas and compounds will need to be considered. This includes cannabis, a plant shown to have benefits with regard to epilepsy, chronic pain, anxiety, and potentially, brain tumours.