Subwoolfer come to the contest with their song Give That Wolf A Banana. As the band performed in the Eurovision Song Contest Grand Final, the word "grandma" flashed up on the screne. But what does it mean? The reason for this is the banana is a form of protection for the elderly and is rich in potassium, hence why “grandma” flashes up on screen. The track is also a take on the Red Riding Hood fairytale which features a young girl going to visit her grandmother. However, a wolf eats the grandmother and dresses up as her hence why the band sings about giving the creature a banana instead. Some of the lyrics of the song read: "Ba-na-na-na-na/And before that wolf eats my grandma/Give that wolf a banana." READ MORE: Eurovision 2022 LIVE: UK sudden drop in odds - sends shock waves Speaking ahead of the contest, the band said of their hopes: “We’re trying to do our best to conquer the world, musically at least. “We’ve been the biggest band in the galaxy for millions of years. “And now we’re gonna stay here on Earth for a few million years at least. “It was really difficult to sing in the beginning, because in the atmosphere there is too much oxygen. But we’re good now.” The duo is shrouded in mystery with a whole yarn about their origins involving the Moon and astronaut Neil Armstrong. Subwoolfer has apparently come to Earth and is planning to claim the Eurovision throne - but whether he can win is another matter. They are also said to have been formed 4.5 billion years ago on their home planet of the Moon. There have been questions about the identities of the singers under the masks with A1 star Ben Adams thought to be one half of the Norweigian act.  Some people have made comparisons between Subwoolfer and fellow Norweigian comedy duo Ylvis and their viral track What Does The Fox Say? from 2013. Ylvis consists of brothers Vegard and Bård Ylvisåker whose track about the noise a fox made waves across the globe with even the Ellen Show inviting them on as guests. The true identities of Subwoolfer are likely to be unveiled at the end of tonight's proceedings. For now, they are simply known as Keith and Jim who are aliens sent to conquer in the Eurovision Song Contest. DON'T MISS...How much do Amanda and Clive Owen get paid for Our Yorkshire Farm? [EXPLAINER]Laila Rouass on Ronnie O'Sullivan 'feeling flat' after world title win [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes revenge [ANALYSIS] Despite their striking look, they aren't the favourites to win with Ukraine's Kalush Orchestra and Stefania tipped for victory. The UK's Sam Ryder is also in with a chance with his positive track Space Man expected to do well. Italy is another country touted for success in this year's competition with Mahmood and Blanco performing Brividi. The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 will be available on the BBC iPlayer following broadcast