Manchester United may have already dropped a hint on what Erik ten Hag's main priority will be heading into the summer transfer window after trying and failing to 'hijack' Karim Adeyemi's move to Borussia Dortmund. Ten Hag will be taking over at United at a time where a major overhaul is needed with Ralf Rangnick already admitting up to 10 players could be signed. Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata are all set to leave while the futures of Eric Bailly, Phil Jones and Anthony Martial will also need to be resolved. Former players such as Roy Keane and Gary Neville have been far from impressed by the situation United are currently in. A disastrous season, in which they may still fail to qualify for a major European competition next year, has fan engagement at an all-time low. Bigger and better things will be expected next season and that will all start with money being spent in the summer. Where United start remains to be seen, but signing a highly-rated striker could be top of the agenda. According to Sport1, United have made an attempt to steal Adeyemi from the clutches of Dortmund. JUST IN: Man Utd fail in 'hijacking' Karim Adeyemi transfer despite huge offer  The report claims the Red Devils were prepared to offer Adeyemi more money that what Dortmund have put on the table, but the striker still prefers a move to the Bundesliga side. While it appears as though United won't be able to sign Adeyemi this summer, it does hint that United have a rough plan going into the transfer window with a young, up-and-coming striker as a top priority. Adeyemi has enjoyed a stellar campaign this season with 21 goals in all competitions, including three in the Champions League. With Cavani leaving and Martial also potentially being sold, Cristiano Ronaldo remains the sole option through the middle. DON'T MISS  Harry Kane continues to be linked with a move to Old Trafford, but Ten Hag's transfer activity at Ajax was largely about signing players who were yet to hit their peak. Arsenal are the prime and current example of a team undergoing a transitional period with a clear plan in the transfer window of starting afresh with a much younger squad. They have the lowest average age in the Premier League this season at 24.3, yet the Gunners have still enjoyed a more successful season than United with Champions League football a strong possibility for Mikel Arteta's side. Following the same path may well be Ten Hag's plan and moving to try and sign Adeyemi certainly hints at that. By offloading Cavani, Mata and Matic in the summer, United's average age in their squad will immediately come down. But United's biggest challenge in the summer will be battling with other clubs all over Europe who are also chasing the same targets who are able to offer Champions League football.