The Mediterranean diet has been around since the 1960s and it is still hailed by registered dieticians and nutrition experts as one of the healthiest diets. The US recently reported the Mediterranean diet is the best divet overall for the fifth consecutive year. Benefits of the diet include longevity, weight loss and disease prevention. But more importantly, the diet is really easy to follow, and stick with long-term. This diet is based on the eating habits of people who live in countries bordering the Mediterranean Sea, including France, Greece, Italy, and Spain. "The Mediterranean diet emphasizes fats that are good for your heart, whole grains, nuts or seeds, fruits or vegetables, legumes, and seafood," Cory Ruth, a registered dietitian nutritionist said. "It discourages refined grains, added sugar, trans fats, and processed foods." READ MORE: 'Eating fats makes you fat': Weight loss myths - debunked While the Mediterranean diet isn’t technically a weight loss diet, studies have shown that adding more fruits and vegetables into your diet, and cutting down on added sugar and processed foods can lead to better weight control. It may also be the best diet for long term weight loss. A 2016 study found people on the Mediterranean diet lost between nine and 22 pounds (1.5st) after a year on it. Compared to those on a low-carb diet, who lost between six and 11 pounds. A 2018 study found participants who followed the Mediterranean diet over five years reported less weight gain and abdominal fat than those not on the diet. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry ‘better suited to take over monarchy’ compared to William [EXPERT]Cleaning tips: How to clean a mattress and kill off dust mites [EXCLUSIVE]Queen’s magnificent jewels from personal collection unveiled [NEWS] The Mediterranean diet emphasizes a lot of fruits, veggies, whole grains, legumes, beans, nuts, and olive oil. Fish, poultry, eggs, cheese, and yoghurt should be consumed in moderation. Many of the people who follow this eating plan will enjoy a glass of red wine with dinner, though this certainly isn’t required. Ruth explained: “While there are no set-in-stone rules to follow when adhering to the Mediterranean diet, there are some more basic guidelines to stick to so that you can ensure your best success at reaping all the health benefits.” Whole grains: Brown rice, whole grain bread, whole grain pasta, oats, corn Legumes: Beans, lentils, chickpeas, peanuts Nuts: Almonds, walnuts, hazelnuts, cashews Seeds: Pumpkin seeds, flax seeds, sunflower seeds Fruits: Apples, bananas, pears, melons, peaches, oranges Vegetables: Cauliflower, broccoli, Brussels sprouts, asparagus, tomatoes, kale, spinach, carrots, potatoes, mushrooms, sweet potatoes Seafood: Fish, shrimp, clams, mussels, oysters Healthy fats: Avocado, olive oil, olives, avocado oil Drinking lots of water and staying hydrated is also important - it should be the “go-to beverage on the Mediterranean diet”. “The diet also includes moderate amounts of red wine (around one glass per day) and permits both coffee and tea," Ruth added. Other foods to eat in moderation are chicken, turkey, eggs, cheese, yoghurt and milk. Foods you can’t eat on a Mediterranean diet are processed snacks, white bread, sweet treats, processed meats and drinks with added sugar.