Prince Harry, 37, grew up playing polo with his older brother Prince William, as their father Prince Charles was a keen player. The old Etonians William and Harry are extremely skilled at the sport, and now the Duke of Sussex has transported these skills across the Atlantic. His good friend Nacho Figueras posted the image of the pair on his Instagram with the caption: “Thrilled to be riding alongside my friend, Prince Harry, and the rest of the Los Padres team at the @santabarbarapoloclub’s Harry East Memorial Tournament.  “We’ve ridden together many times over the years and now that we’re both parents, it’s extra special to be able to spend this time together. “The name Los Padres was inspired by the proximity of the field to the Los Padres National Forest and also by our connection as fathers.” Clips of Harry playing polo in America also surfaced on social media, with many praising the Prince for looking so happy and content. Judi James, an expert body language analyst, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her expertise on the latest images and video clips.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's diet to 'aid in weight loss & belly fat reduction' She said: “Having discussed his fears of personal ‘burnout’ as he strives to make the world a better place, it’s great to see Harry letting off steam and relishing a moment of pure machismo as he gets back in the saddle for a game of polo. “This is the sport he once enjoyed with his father and his brother as a young Prince in the UK. “It seems he has lost none of the passion for it and for the camaraderie of competing in a team, judging by his body language here.” How does Prince Harry compare to the rest of his teammates?  Judi continued: “Of the entire team it is Harry’s smile that is the broadest and his leg-splay that is the widest. “His shoulders are squared and he is the one looking to share his state of happiness and pride with another team member, suggesting how important being part of a team of friends is for him. “The chest-puff and leg splay signal physical confidence. “That seems to reflect his playing skills, with his speed and mallet-swinging suggesting he has lost little if any of his energy and enthusiasm.”  Is Harry trying to reconnect with the Royal Family by playing this traditionally royal sport? Judi added: “But this is also, traditionally, a family-based sport which the WAGs and children attend to picnic and cheer from the sidelines. “Royal wives have always tended to be in attendance and some have even trod in the divots during half-time, so did Meghan join in like so many other royal wives before her?” Judi asked. Although no images of the Duchess of Sussex are available from the polo match, Nacho’s wife Aurora Figueras was the one who took the image of the Prince and her husband playing together.  As Harry was filmed playing the sport in motion, he could be heard yelling: “Aha!” This was a sign he was doing well and was winning in the match. Prince Harry first met Nacho when he became an ambassador for Sentebale in 2007, which is the organisation that the Prince co-founded to help support children and young people whose lives have been impacted by HIV in Lesotho and Africa. Nacho later said his royal friend is someone who has always been an inspiration for him, explaining: "I think the fact that we both feel the same way about giving back obviously helps you to have a good relationship." 