Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will soon touch down in the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations taking place this weekend. While the couple will not be front and centre for many UK royal fans, as only the working royals will take part in many events, it has been claimed that the Sussexes could be bringing a Netflix film crew to the UK. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have previously welcomed Netflix crews to join them at some of their official events, including the Invictus Games in The Hague. The Sussex contingent of the royals will arrive this week for the celebrations, bringing their two young children Archie and Lilibet. It will be the first time Lilibet has travelled to the UK, and it will also mark her first time meeting her great-grandmother the Queen. The Sussexes will be staying at their UK home, Frogmore Cottage, which is just a half-mile from Windsor Castle where the queen resides. READ MORE: Royal quiz: How well do you know British Royal history? Take our quiz Netflix has not been approved to film during official Jubilee celebrations, according to the Telegraph. The streaming provider could film in public places, but it wouldn't be allowed to film members of the Royal Family in an official capacity by setting up expert equipment and lighting. Key events for the upcoming weekend, which include the Saturday night concert and the pageant, are to be broadcast by the BBC, which holds the rights. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expected to attend both Trooping the Colour and the St Paul’s service of thanksgiving for the Queen. A source has claimed that, should Netflix camera crews try to set up filming positions in public areas, they will be "moved on" by services running the events. This also makes it unlikely any official filming would be allowed to take place in Frogmore Cottage, where the couple will be staying for what is believed to be the first time since they left the royal fold in 2020. According to PageSix, one royal insider said it would be highly unlikely for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to even attempt bringing a filming crew with them. DON'T MISSPrince Harry's family feud 'raises questions why we have' monarchy [INSIGHT]Charles and William view Harry as 'loose cannon' who may 'steal show' [ANALYSIS]Queen 'feels she needs to pace herself' - four Jubilee outings likely [REPORT] They said: “I highly doubt they would even think about that. It would be such a bad look. “Even if they could sneak a camera in, they wouldn’t be able to use any of the footage. “I guess they could do home video on their phones, but I honestly don’t think they would.” Last month, the couple visited the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, one of Prince Harry’s biggest projects, with cameras in tow for their upcoming documentary series, 'Heart of Invictus'. During a visit to New York in September, the couple were flanked by cameras. The pair signed a deal with Netflix worth $100million back in 2020, but are yet to produce any finished content. The Invictus documentary is still in production, while Meghan’s 'Pearl' animated series for children has been cancelled by the streaming service. 