Dave Chappelle’s alleged attacker appeared in court yesterday and pleaded not guilty to misdemeanor charges, according to reports. It comes days after the comedian was attacked onstage by a man who was said to be carrying a replica gun during his show at the Netflix Is A Joke Festival in Los Angeles. Funnyman Chappelle also reportedly claimed that he had spoken with his alleged attacker as he "needed to talk" to him to find out why he tackled him onstage. The Netflix comedian is reported to have been keen to speak with his alleged attacker to discover his motives. Dave claimed that he convinced the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) on Tuesday night to let him speak to the alleged assailant, named as Isaiah Lee, 23, before he was taken away. The comedian is quoted as having said he "needed to talk" to Isaiah to find out why he had been attacked. He is reported to have made the remarks at the Comedy Store last night. The other charges include “unauthorised access to the stage area during a performance” and “commission of an act that delays the event or interferes with the performer”. But according to the Daily Mail, the alleged assailant pleaded not guilty in court yesterday. It had been reported that Isaiah had been arrested following the alleged attack. A website for the LA City Attorney issued a press release confirming the four charges filed against Isaiah earlier this week, along with a video statement by City Attorney Mike Feuer. The purported incident took place at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles on Tuesday night and the comedian was filmed seemingly being "attacked on stage" as he performed at the venue. It appeared that Dave’s alleged attacker tried to tackle the actor to the floor as he neared the end of his set. Footage shared on social media showed Dave standing on stage when a man rushed at him and attempted to tackle him to the ground, however, Dave continued with the show, which was part of the Netflix Is A Joke festival. "Listen, I just want to say I’ve had an incredible time,” he added at the end of his performance. Musician E5quire took to Twitter as he reacted to the alleged attack, telling his 40,800 followers: "#DaveChappelle just got attacked on stage at #HollywoodBowl while making jokes. I’ve officially seen it all.’" He also created a thread where he recounted what he had witnessed. The musician claimed: "#DaveChappelle was just finishing his show. "He was doing his final commentary as he usually does asking for the OG comedians to come back on stage so he can have the crowd give them a round of applause… "Suddenly a random person sitting in the front row jumped on stage and ran straight at him," he added. He went on: "He tackled Dave and they both went to the floor and began wrestling when everyone ran onstage to help, including Dave’s security. "The man was then grabbed by a number of people and taken back stage and probably didn’t make it out alive for all we know. "Dave then came out from the back and this is where the video starts…" he finished.