Food recalls are issued when there is a health and safety problem with a product – usually there is a health or allergy risk. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) normally state the food recalls on its website, and it has done so today with a recall from Lidl. Lidl informed customers of a food recall earlier this month, warning customers against consuming one of its popular beers. Only some batches of the beer had been affected, but now others contain a possible health risk too. Starovice Czech Lager 5.0 percent, sold in Lidl across the UK, is a possible health risk for anyone with a sensitivity to sulphur dioxide or sulphites as the drink contains sulphur dioxide. However, sulphur dioxide is not mentioned on the label. READ MORE: Meghan pre-royal life was 'fresh, fresh, fresh ' & yoga-filled Lidl is extending the recall of the lager to include additional date codes. The batch of lager affected comes in a pack 500ml in size and the best before dates are all dates up to and including December 23, 2022. The FSA stated: “Action taken by the company Lidl GB is recalling the above product from customers and been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. “The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product.” DON'T MISS: Queen attendance uncertain for rest of Jubilee [NEWS]Royal Family 'has 'become a show' that is 'dangerous' for Britain [OPINION]Harry spotted playing polo in Cali sunshine [PICTURES] In its notice, Lidl said: “Lidl GB is recalling Starovice Czech Lager 5.0 percent, 500ml – all stock, due to undeclared sulphur dioxide which is an allergen. “If you have bought the above product, and have an allergy or intolerance to sulphur dioxide, we advise you not to drink it. “Instead, return it to a Lidl GB store for a full refund, with or without a receipt. “The recall of this item has now been extended to include all Best Before Dates. “Lidl GB wishes to apologise for any inconvenience caused. Any customers with queries or concerns can contact Customer Services on 0370 444 1234 or customer.services@lidl.co.uk.” The FSA also offered its advice, adding: “If you have bought the above product and have a sensitivity to sulphur dioxide and/or sulphites, do not drink it. “Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund. “For further information, please contact Lidl GB Customer Services on 0370 444 1234 or customer.services@lidl.co.uk.” The FSA went on to explain more about food recalls and how they work. It said: “Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. “Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). “Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert.”