Kim (played by Claire King) is currently unaware her son, Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) is alive and has secretly taken custody of his daughter, Millie Tate (Willow Bell). The troublesome Emmerdale villager seems to have faked his death after his feud with his mother reached new heights and he wanted to put her through as much pain as possible. It seems a return to the ITV soap is on the cards at some point in the future and it could be him who takes his mother's life. Last year, it was revealed Jamie was the one responsible for drugging his mother, making her believe she was ill and on the cusp of death. In explosive scenes, Kim faked her death to get a confession out of her assailant and when she returned from beyond the grave, her relationship with her son was never the same. Now, with him gone, she has been trying to build a relationship with her grandson, Thomas Tate, which she was never able to do with Jamie. She sees this as her chance of redemption as she would do anything to have her son back in her life, even if they were at odds with each other. Unfortunately, he could have revenge on the mind as he decides he is going to repeat history and make sure his mother stays silent from now on. READ MORE: Piers Morgan defends Meghan and Harry during Prince Andrew row Jamie could do this by trying to poison her again but having felt the effects of it before, Kim could catch on someone is trying to end her. So there are plenty of other ways the troublemaker could get rid of his mother, including leaving her clues to meet in an unknown location. As she makes her way there, alone, she could be shocked and delighted to see her son standing before her, wanting answers as to where he has been. However, without saying a word, Jamie could shoot his mother and throw her corpse into an open grave, wanting someone to find her. Again, he could vanish into thin air, making it clear he is not someone to be messed with and he could ruin lives very easily. The likes of Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) and Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham), would be devastated the villain will have been killed once they find her. They would both assume it is Jamie, sending them a warning message, but will he come out of the shadows and reveal why he killed his mother? It could be he wants custody of his son and the only person who could do that would be Gabby, but she would be wanting to put up a fight. He would remind her he is dangerous and capable of anything, so will the mother of one hand her child over as she sees no other way out? Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, the actress who plays Gabby, Rosie, explained history could repeat itself with regard to Kim. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Malandra Burrows: Star’s cancer was picked up by her dog [COMMENT] Rosie said in the interview: "Jamie coming back would kick off a lot of drama, there could be a custody battle for Thomas. "If he comes back he'll want one thing only and that's Home Farm, so is Kim in danger – he's obviously poisoned Kim before. "And that could bring back Gabby's nasty side because it's a fight or flight mode where she's like, 'I'm protecting me, my son, my status here and I'm not going to back down if he comes back.' "She wants the status at Home Farm and as we see she will go to any length to find out anything about Jamie and get rid of him," she added. This is a huge hint Kim could be taken out of the picture and written out of the show after making her presence known for the past three decades. The actress who plays Kim, Claire, quit the show back in 1999 after 10 years in the role before taking a 19-year hiatus from the Dales. Since 2018, she has made her ruthless ways known once more and has been at the centre of many explosive storylines on the show. Claire has spoken out since her return five years ago about whether she would be willing to leave the programme again in the future. "I’ve been fortunate to come back to Emmerdale," the actress began. "My return to the show was meant to be a nice little retirement job for me. But because Kim is at the centre of everything, it hasn’t really worked out that way.” "I’m not sure I’ll still be here in 20 years. It’s a nice thought, but I think they would have to wheel me on set," she told The Sun. Claire has also said in the past she thought the plot where Jamie poisoned her character would be the end of her feisty alter-ego. The actress said: "I watched Succession and I thought they were a really messed up family, more than the Tates, basically - that's the politest way I can put it. "I enjoyed Succession but there again, like the Tates, they are pretty messed up in the head. "And then, when they said, 'It's going to be like a Succession storyline,' I thought, ‘Oh great. But if that's Succession, does that mean I'm going?'" "Hence there was the retirement and all the rest of it," the legendary soap star explained in an interview with The Daily Star. At the moment, Kim is organising her wedding to Will and doesn't realise her partner is trying to get her son killed. It is likely over the coming weeks she will become suspicious of why Will and Gabby are having secret conversations out of her earshot. So could she discover Jamie is still alive before he kills her or will it all be a surprise? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.