BBC weather favourite Carol Kirkwood has always had a warm friendship with fellow Breakfast star Dan Walker - but now it's time to say goodbye. As the sleep-deprived presenter prepared to bid the familiar red sofa farewell in favour of a position on Channel 5, Carol shared her emotions on Twitter over his departure.   Poor Dan managed less than three hours of sleep last night after having a mishap trying to charge his electric car, and then presented for one final time between 6:00am and 9:15am this morning. Just moments after his last words on the airwaves, Carol penned a tender tribute to her friend. "Really going to miss @mrdanwalker," the weather presenter tweeted to more than 230,000 followers. "It has been an ABSOLUTE JOY working with you honey. You are the BEST." READ NOW: Holly Willoughby stuns fans as she strips off for selfie after shower She signed off: "Hugest love and luck in your new job." However, Twitter fan @Rayrorbach responded: "You could comfortably anchor a breakfast show Carol. Good luck to Dan." Meanwhile @paulwailie praised: "@mrdanwalker is ok but we all know @carolkirkwood is the best." Carol, whose release date for her new book The Hotel on the Riviera is July 21, has admitted she will sorely miss Dan.    She noted on her Twitter account today to over 145,000 followers that his departure marked "the end of an era". Last month, Dan also took to the social media app to offer an explanation for the decision to move from BBC to Channel 5 News. "I'm really excited but I thought I'd just explain the decision," he said. "It's a massive one for me - someone who loves Breakfast, loves the team there, loves sitting next to Sally.  "But Channel 5 came along with big ambitions, big plans - and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often in TV and I can't wait. He added on a positive note: "I should also say hopefully it's not goodbye to the BBC. "I've had the privilege of working with some incredible people on iconic programmes over the years, shows like Football Focus, like Match Of The Day, quiz shows, World Cups, Olympic Games - shows I could only dream of being involved in when I was a kid. "Hopefully this won't close the door on that, but also can't wait to make some big programmes for Channel 5."