The problem with having agreed to meet up with a number of people over the next few days is that you are starting to get behind with your own concerns. You are losing touch with your own hopes and wishes due to giving so much of your time to others. You have a strong feeling about the way most things are going to turn out. You are acutely aware of all that is going on around you and friends will make comments about you not seeming to miss a thing. Your powers of observation will be a big help when you are called on to make a difficult decision. Agreements made will have long-term consequences. Hopes you had about securing a special assignment are starting to take on a solid shape. Friendships feel warm and wonderful and your social life sparkles. Travel has a magical quality. A new and more progressive phase is about to begin.  You could do with escaping routine affairs for a short while. You aren’t shirking responsibilities but a change is as good as a rest and will keep you in an optimistic frame of mind. Travel and getting away from it all, even just a short trip if a long one isn’t possible, will feel like a refreshing change. A spirit of harmony is felt within a team of creative people as you all come together to work towards a mutual goal. Your creativity combines with practical skills making your contribution highly valuable. It will feel great to be recognised for your efforts, making this a day you will always remember. A partner or close friend is feeling a little neglected. They need a bigger role to play in your social activities although they will not admit this. You can sense it and when you think about this you will come up with some ideas and suggestions to put to them.  Plans some friends are making are too expensive for your pocketbook. It doesn’t matter if you don’t have a lot of money, you know some great ways to keep people entertained and if they give you a chance, you will all have a wonderful time without any big expense. After a small misconception or misunderstanding, you and a partner are back on the path to mutual harmony and happiness. A special accomplishment will put you in the public eye. You could do without all this attention but you have earned the praise that is coming your way. A growing desire to improve your lifestyle or job prospects will prompt you to make some changes. Research all possibilities and options before you attempt to put theory into practice. You don’t expect wonders but with some careful planning and setting realistic goals, you will make a positive effort to get ahead.  After some hectic activity both on the social scene and the work front you will appreciate any chance to enjoy some free time. You would be happy to do as little as possible which is just as well as the next few days look to be extra busy so be sure to relax while you can. You have taken on a difficult challenge and you feel committed now to seeing it through. People can see the sacrifices you are making in order to bring this about. Your dedication enhances your reputation. Your energy seems limitless but there will come a time when you must admit to the need for a rest from all the drama. A financially conscious housemate will be conspicuous by their absence. You will be happy to push money matters aside for another day. If anyone approaches you in the hope of discussing a current problem you will insist that they wait until you are ready to face it. 