Liverpool have to react to Manchester City signing Erling Haaland by bringing in their own new No 9, according to Jamie O'Hara. The former Tottenham midfielder believes it is a necessity Liverpool recruit up top and has mooted the possibility of Kylian Mbappe moving to Anfield. City announced on Tuesday they had agreed a deal with Borussia Dortmund for the signing of Haaland. The Norwegian will become a City player from July 1 as long as personal terms are finalised. The Etihad side are already favourites to lift the Premier League for a second successive season this term and adding Haaland into their squad is a daunting prospect for their direct rivals. And O'Hara believes Liverpool cannot rest on their laurels following the news. Liverpool have been linked with Paris Saint-Germain star Mbappe in the past. The Frenchman's contract with the Ligue 1 club expires at the end of the season, although Real Madrid are overwhelming favourites to land his signature. READ MORE: Four free agents Man Utd could sign after board tell Erik ten Hag to 'search for bargains'  Former Crystal Palace midfielder Darren Ambrose was alongside O'Hara on talkSPORT on Tuesday and asked if Liverpool need to bring in a forward of their own. He said: "Do they need a No 9 do you think? "Do they need an Mbappe? They wouldn't say no of course." O'Hara says it is vital Liverpool do make a major signing of their own. He responded: "Yeah, I think so. Diogo Jota has been brilliant for them but he's gone off the boil a little bit at the end of the season hasn't he. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag’s five-man Man Utd strikeforce with two signings and Cristiano Ronaldo [COMMENT]Man Utd to save £50m when six stars leave and plan to repeat Jadon Sancho transfer tactic [TRANSFERS]Chelsea's stunning starting XI if Thomas Tuchel signs Richard Keys' three suggestions [TRANSFERS]  "Liverpool need to react to Haaland, they have to react to Haaland." Ambrose thinks Liverpool can react by making a big signing in another area of the pitch instead. He said: "Yeah but I just don't think up top. You look at Jota, [Sadio] Mane, [Luis] Diaz, [Mohamed] Salah, [Roberto] Firmino. "If they keep all those players, they don't need another forward player I don't feel. They won't say no of course to an Mbappe. They need to strengthen in midfield."  Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp gave his reaction to the Haaland signing following the 2-1 win over Aston Villa on Tuesday. The German said: "[He's a] good player! "But City was never and will never be a team that wins games because of one player. I think Erling will realise all of a sudden he will score a lot of goals on the second post, where he just puts a foot in, so he will love that. "How much better does he make them? A lot! Unfortunately, he's a really good signing."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here