EastEnders will air a tragic storyline for Ben Mitchell (played by Max Bowden) after bartender Lewis Butler (Aiden O'Callaghan) sexually assaults him in upcoming scenes. BBC soap spoilers have revealed the rapist tries to manipulate Ben and tell his husband Callum Highway (Tony Clay) Ben Mitchell initiated things with him on a dating app. However, could Lewis flee Albert Square to avoid being arrested if his lies are exposed? EastEnders fans have been left sickened by Lewis on the soap after he took advantage of him under Callum's nose in recent scenes. Ben's storyline is due to take a dark turn in upcoming scenes when Lewis sexually assaults him. In scenes yet to air, Callum fumes at Ben for telling Lewis about his vigilante actions leading to a huge argument between the couple. With tensions at an all-time high, both wonder whether they should end their marriage. READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison With Ben drowning his sorrows at the pub, Callum has no choice but to cover when Lexi Pearce (Isabella Brown) arrives for a sleepover and questions where Ben is. Later on, Ben spots Lewis on a dating app and sends him messages before meeting him for drinks. As Lexi makes Callum think again about his marriage, a drunk Ben flirts with Lewis. With the pub shut, Lewis and Ben head upstairs and one thing leads to another.   However, Ben has a change of heart when he receives a picture from Callum and Lexi. He tries to leave but Lewis refuses to let him go and rapes him. He may not get away with the act for much longer if the truth gets out. When Ben returns home, Callum is suspicious about where he has been, but when they later run into Lewis, he lies and explains they were both in town drinking. Later on, Ben, who is in shock from the assault, confronts Lewis about his attack, but the manipulative character tells Ben he was the instigator. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Frankie embarks on affair as couple torn apart [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Stuart and Rainie torn apart after Dotty betrayal [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Arthur in terrifying kidnap plot as Jean returns [SPOILER]     Alone, Ben looks over his messages to Lewis but is spotted by Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) who is unimpressed to see what Ben has been up to. At their flat, Callum bluntly asks Ben if he slept with Lewis and Ben does not deny it, it causes Callum to walk out. Word soon gets out about Ben apparently cheating on Callum, but no one is aware of the assault. In another scene, Ben tries once again to address the ordeal with Lewis, but he is confronted by a furious Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) who shares some strong words.    Callum decides to confront Lewis who tells him Ben initiated things with him in the first place. Ben later tells Callum how much he loves him, but will he explain how he was raped? Will Lewis flee Walford if Callum believes Ben and urges him to report the rapist to the police? Fearing the evidence will be stacked against him, he could make a quick exit. EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm.  