If you're a PlayStation Plus subscriber, then chances are you're counting down the minutes until the June 2022 free PS4 and PS5 games reveal. While there's a chance it will save the reveal until the upcoming State of Play event, Sony is expected to officially announce the next wave of PS Plus free games at 4.30pm BST on June 2. The games will be available to download less than a week later on the morning of June 7. In the run up to the big announcement, fans have been having fun predicting the potential PS Plus line-up for June 2022. Based on the PS Plus predictions over on Reddit, the majority of fans believe Star Wars: Jedi Fallen Order will appear as a free PlayStation Plus download in June. A popular choice in recent months, the support for Jedi Fallen Order has intensified after a sequel was announced earlier this week. Star Wars games have also been a regular fixture for PS Plus in the month of June, after Star Wars Battlefront 2 was given away in June 2020, followed by Star Wars Squadrons in June 2021. Sackboy: A Big Adventure is another hugely popular choice for the June 2022 line-up. The game is absent from Sony's PS Plus Premium subscription tier, leading to speculation that it's being saved for regular PlayStation Plus. Other games with multiple predictions include Call of Duty Modern Warfare, Marvel's Avengers, Hades and Borderlands 3. Borderlands 3 would make sense, especially after it appeared as a free game on the Epic Store last week. Looter shooter Borderlands 3 sees players explore huge stages in a bid to stop the fanatical Calypso Twins. "The original shooter-looter returns, packing bazillions of guns and a mayhem-fueled adventure!" reads the official description. "Blast through new worlds and enemies as one of four new Vault Hunters. Play solo or with friends to take on insane enemies, score loads of loot and save your home from the most ruthless cult leaders in the galaxy." Sackboy: A Big Adventure, on the other hand, is an inventive adventure game that launched alongside the PS5. "Face thrilling, unpredictable challenges as you explore distinctive hand-crafted lands through deeply immersive and expressive controls. "Can you save Craftworld from the dastardly Vex and his nightmarish Topsy Turver device… and become the Knitted Knight of legend?" Check back at 4.30pm BST on June 1 for the official PlayStation Plus reveal for June 2022.