After their second-half collapse against Liverpool in Tuesday's Champions League semi-final second leg, Jason Cundy has repeated his scathing criticism of Villarreal. Unai Emery's side initially outclassed the Reds and led 2-0 at half-time, levelling the tie on aggregate, before succumbing to a 3-2 defeat in the second half. Fabinho, Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane's strikes completed a stunning comeback to silence El Madrigal and end Villarreal's memorable run. The triumph booked the Anfield giants' place in their 10th Champions League final. And Cundy made sure to rip into Villarreal again after they collapsed to a 3-2 (5-2 on aggregate) defeat against Jurgen Klopp's formidable outfit. He has accused them of 'bumbling' to the final four of the competition before getting found out by the quadruple-chasers. He told talkSPORT: "On that night, what I said was the rest of Europe and UEFA should be fearful of what they saw, and [what] I've just seen in the second half... They were 2-0 up, Villarreal, at half-time. They lost the game 3-2 and had a man sent off. What does that tell you? JUST IN: Man Utd ‘set price for Rashford exit’ with Arsenal and Newcastle keen "That's a side that's got to the semi-finals of the Champions League [and] Liverpool are superior. What we're looking at now is a side like Villarreal have somehow bumbled their way to a semi-final. Credit, they knocked out Juventus, they knocked out Bayern, brilliant, [but] when you get there, and you come up against class like Liverpool, you're going to get your collar felt." Co-host Jamie O'Hara pushed Cundy to give Villarreal credit for reaching the semi-finals with a 'smaller budget than Burnley'. But while he admitted some of his comments from the first leg were 'harsh', he has stuck by his sharp criticism of Emery's side. READ MORE: Liverpool ace Virgil van Dijk labelled ‘best centre-half ever’ He added: "Credit for getting there, yes, but when you're there, you're there to be shot at, you're there to be criticised, you're there to be judged. I might have been a little harsh with some of the things I said, but I'm absolutely going to stick to it. That second-half performance tells me what I said in the first leg was 100 per cent right." After recovering from their first-half woes to navigate past Villarreal, Liverpool will face Manchester City or Real Madrid in the Paris final later this month in pursuit of a seventh European Cup. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.