Classic F1 circuits such as Monaco and Spa Francorchamps in Belgium ‘shouldn’t be touched’ and removed from the calendar, warned Naomi Schiff. The Sky Sports presenter thinks it would be bad for F1 to remove historic circuits which have been a staple of the sport for decades. She believes there are many other races which ‘should go’ before removing some of the more classic tracks. When asked if F1 should rubber band a selection of races which should never leave the calendar, Schiff replied ‘definitely’. Speaking to Express Sport at the launch of Sky Sports W Series coverage, Schiff said: “I think there’s other races on the calendar that should go before the historic races. Yes it's nice to have new races and I think it's good also for the sport to expand and to go to new territories, it keeps it interesting. “But I completely agree that there should be those races which are just special. Any driver wants to win the Monaco Grand Prix, that's a race drivers look forward to because it's special and it's different and it’s historic. READ MORE: Monaco Grand Prix 'guaranteed' to still be F1 race after 2022 "I think it would be a shame to remove the likes of Monaco and I think there was talk about removing the likes of Spa. I think those are just tracks that shouldn't be touched.” Her warning comes after F1 boss Stefano Domenicali stated his belief that some classic tracks could lose their slots on the calendar for new venues. Schiff thinks there were some circuits on the current calendar which may not have their contracts renewed. Monaco, Belgium, France and Mexico are understood to be the countries which have not extended deals beyond this season. Domenicali added: “We know we have to balance the arrival of new races with historic Grands Prix, and tracks that must continue to be part of our calendar. DON'T MISSMcLaren boss Zak Brown calls for Monaco GP change with race under fire [INSIGHT]F1 breathe sigh of relief as judge rules on residents Miami GP lawsuit [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen explains fears about direction F1 is taking [COMMENT] “The arrival of offers from new promoters has an advantage for the F1 platform, and that is to force the organisers of traditional grands prix to raise their level of quality, in terms of what they offer the public, and infrastructure and management of the event. It's not enough to have a pedigree any more. You also have to demonstrate that you are keeping up." However, Monaco’s future appears to have been somewhat secured after Automobile Club de Monaco President Michel Bioeri addressed the rumours. He said: “We are still in talks with them and we must now make it concrete by signing a contract. I can guarantee you that after 2022 the Grand Prix will continue to take place. I don't know if the contract will be for three or five years.” Belgian GP promoter Vannessa Maes has also claimed they are confident the event will remain past the end of the 2022 season.