Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has launched a stinging attack on his players following Sunday's loss to Everton. Chelsea were beaten at Goodison Park 1-0 and Tuchel had some choice words for his team when speaking to the media afterwards.  Richarlison scored the only goal of the game for Frank Lampard's Everton side. The Brazilian capitalised on a mistake from Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta just after half-time to open the scoring. Jordan Pickford was forced into a number of fine saves to keep Everton in front. The Toffees could easily have added to their lead at the other end but lacked composure at the vital moments. Tuchel insists his team are struggling to put in back-to-back performances. And he says a lot has to change from what has been seen in the last four matches.  READ MORE: Everton beat Chelsea: Five things we learned as Lampard's side boost survival hopes Tuchel told Sky Sports: "We hate to lose, we are responsible for it, it was our responsibility in Old Trafford to not have more. We struggle to have consecutive clean sheets and top performances and that is why we lost today. "We have to be without mistakes, disciplined in your positions and don't make mistakes. When you have that much possession, we did not play our best match but we were in control, and then we gave a goal away and it kills the game for us because it is everything the opponent wants. It is a huge pattern in our season. "We have now four matches in the last two weeks and one clean sheet, that needs to change. If we try to get away with okay performances that is not good for us, we are a team that needs to be on the very top limit on every match basis. "If we try to get away with okay we lose games. We struggle with concentration and determination levels and you see that in the last four matches." DON'T MISSJoel Glazer could be about to look foolish at Man Utd if transfer decision made [OPINION]Man City decide Gabriel Jesus price tag as Arsenal plot summer bid [REPORT]Real Madrid’s unstoppable XI if Ronaldo returns, Mbappe joins and two others arrive [OPINION]  Pickford was the star man for the hosts and was thankful for the support his team got. He told BBC Sport: "I am a very passionate person and it means the world to us to get the result today. Our character and team spirit drove us on today and with the fans behind us like they were it was incredible. "Now is about today, we will enjoy it but come next week we will focused on the next games. I worked hard all week. "It is rewarding when you make the saves to help the team out as they help you out as well. It is a team effort and that was my job." Everton remain 18th in the table but have closed the gap on Leeds and Burnley to two points with a game in hand. Chelsea still look set to finish the season in third spot, as they currently sit five points clear of London rivals Tottenham in fourth. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here