Alexander Zverev fired back at a reporter during his post-match press conference after reaching the third round of the French Open on Wednesday. The German hopeful came from behind to defeat Sebastian Baez in their second-round meeting at Roland Garros but appeared to be frustrated while taking questions in the aftermath of his latest victory in Paris. Zverev saved a match point in the fifth and final set against Baez before going on to seal a remarkable 2-6, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2, 7-5 win to book his place in the third round of this year's French Open after snatching victory from the jaws of defeat. The 25-year-old was irked by a reporter checking their phone in his post-match press conference, though, and made his feelings known as he began to answer the opening question. "Can you at least look at me when I am giving you an answer? Because you asked me that question and you were just on your phone," said Zverev as he flashed a sarcastic smile. The third seed, who has never won a Grand Slam title despite claiming Olympic gold in Tokyo last year, will now be looking forward to his next match against Brandon Nakashima as he bids to reach the fourth round at Roland Garros. He went on to speak openly about his mental health and the ways in which he has been affected by external pressure and negative comments on social media over the last few years. JUST IN: Kyrgios rips player by branding him 'most hated athlete in Australia' "You have to learn not to look at it," explained Zverev. "But for me, my mental health does not depend on social media, my mental health depends on other problems I have, to be honest. "I never talk about it. I think some players talk about it more often and [are] more open. I don't like to do that, but I was struggling a lot this year. "So, yeah, not because of social media. I was struggling a lot because of other things, so I was not happy. I think I was quite depressed at times, as well, so, yeah. It's all a big part. "I think the pressure we are under, we are constantly in the spotlight. I think players from 20 or 30 years ago don't understand because now every single little thing you do, there is a camera there or someone that can comment on it or there is someone that will write about it. "These days I think with social media and a lot of other platforms, there is a lot more involvement and there is a lot more hatred going on. That's just the world we live in right now. "It's sad to see, But that's the reality because I think social media gives everybody a platform to say whatever they want, good or bad." Zverev's career-best finish at the French Open came last year when he reached the semi-finals of the tournament before he was dumped out by Stefanos Tsitsipas, who went on to lose at the hands of eventual champion Novak Djokovic in the final. It remains to be seen whether Zverev, who reached the final of the Madrid Open last month, will be able to repeat his last-four heroics at Roland Garros over the coming days, though, as he bids to leave his mark in Paris. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE