 The former Brazilian President stated that Russia should never have invaded Ukraine, but said both Putin and Zelensky should take the blame for the conflict. Lula gave an interview to Time magazine which was published on Wednesday in which he also blamed US President Joe Biden for not making enough of an effort to prevent the conflict.   He even went as far to say that President Biden “incited” the conflict. He stated: “The United States has a lot of political clout. And Biden could have avoided war, not incited it. “Biden could have taken a plane to Moscow to talk to Putin.” He added: “This is the kind of attitude you expect from a leader.”    Lula, 76, deemed Western Leaders irresponsible and said they should not celebrate President Zelensky as it encourages the war and detracts from closed-door negotiations to end the conflict. He said: “I see the President of Ukraine, speaking on television, being applauded, getting a standing ovation by all the European parliamentarians. “This guy is as responsible as Putin for the war. Because in the war, there’s not just one person guilty.” READ MORE: The Queen's 'best bad mood' was telling Prince William off  President Zelensky’s rise from comedy to politics is another point of issue for the Brazilian saying: “We should be having a serious conversation. “Ok, you were a nice comedian. But let us not make war for you to show up on TV.” According to Lula, Zelensky should have given in to Putin’s demands before the conflict occurred and reassured the Russian leader that Ukraine would not join NATO. The Ukrainian President and the United States were not the only target for Mr Silva to aim for in his discussion of blame surrounding the conflict. DON'T MISS: POLL: Is Boris Johnson the best leader for Tory Party? If not, who? (POLL)The Queen's 'best bad mood' was telling Prince William off (INSIGHT)London Crossrail opening date confirmed after delays (REVEAL)  According to Lula, the European Union is also to blame for the war as he said: “Putin shouldn’t have invaded Ukraine. “But it’s not just Putin who is guilty. The US and the EU are also guilty.” The former President is running in the upcoming October elections against far-right President Jair Bolsonaro who is standing for re-election. 