A group who won support from the United Nations for their campaign over British actions during colonial rule wrote to Prince William yesterday, saying they had asked him for help because he loved Kenya, proposed to Kate there, and his grandmother the Queen was in their country when she came to the throne 70 years ago. William, who has promised to listen to and serve people around the Commonwealth after facing protests over colonialism, slavery and the monarchy during a trouble tour of the Caribbean in March, is yet to respond. Kensington Palace had no comment last night after seeing the letter. In it, Joel Kimutai Bosek, a Nairobi-based lawyer for the victims from the Kipsigis and Talai tribes in Kericho County, explained that the British seized their families’ lands for tea plantations which were eventually passed onto private companies and they have never been able to regain their former possessions after being beaten and mistreated. Six UN Special Rapporteurs found in their favour last year but the British Government has refused to acknowledge their case or meet them, arguing that in 2013 it settled disputes arising from the Mau Mau Emergency of 1952-1963. The Kipsigis and Talai argue that the abuses and land theft they suffered are entirely different and date from 1902 until Kenyan independence in December 1963. But Foreign Office officials refused to meet some of the victims and their representatives in London this week or offer any alternative to resolve the dispute, according to their lawyers. In their letter to William, they said: “Kenya clearly is a special place for you and your family. You proposed to your wife there and when your grandmother became Queen, she was visiting Kenya - which at the time was one of the colonies.” They added: “We do not want this to become a bitter dispute - we just want the wrongs committed against us to be recognised. An apology and a discussion about reparations would be the start to achieve justice." "Many of our group are very elderly so the urgency of this is paramount. We cannot let another victim of this time pass away still longing for their dignity to be restored. “As you prepare to celebrate your grandmother’s Platinum Jubilee, our own elderly family members remember the pain of having their homes and land taken away from them at the same time. We have very little to celebrate. "We are asking that you therefore do the right thing and support our quest for justice by making a public statement of recognition of what we suffered as well as an apology and an arrangement for appropriate reparations. It will be in all of our best interests to move forward in this way to a worthy and prosperous future together.”