Pistol is Disney+'s next biopic series to launch on the streaming service, following the successes of both Pam and Tommy and The Dropout earlier this year. This time around, the focus will be on the iconic rock band Sex Pistols during the height of their career in the mid-1970s. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Pistol. Steve Jones was the Sex Pistols' founding band member and guitarist whose perspective will lead the way in the Disney+ drama. The six-part series is based on his 2017 memoir Lonely Boy: Tales from a Sex Pistol, giving fans an insight into what it was like being in one of the world's most successful bands. He will be portrayed by Australian actor Toby Wallace who is best known for starring in the movie Babyteeth which he won numerous awards for. Some of his other parts have been in The Society, Neighbours, Boys in the Trees and Romper Stomper. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? Paul Cook was the band's drummer who, along with Jones, helped to bring Pistols to life for the small screen. Starring as the drummer is actor Jacob Slater who is new to the entertainment industry. Little is known about him but according to his IMDb page, Pistols will be Slater's first-ever role. So fans will be interested to see how the actor gets on in portraying the legendary drummer. John Lydon, better known as Johnny Rotten to the masses, was the frontman and lead singer of Sex Pistols. He failed to attend the premiere for Pistol alongside Cook and Jones as he has been only critical of the biopic, stating to the Mirror that they have "gone for the wrong end of things just to be sensational". Actor Anson Boon starred in the 2019 horror movie Crawl as well as the drama Blackbird later that same year. He has also been in The Feed, The Winter Lake, 1917, and Shadowplay. DON'T MISS...Vera's Aiden Healy confirms 'break' from series [EXPLAINER]Pistol on Disney Plus: Never mind the frolics... here's MY Sex Pistols [REVIEW]Disney+ cut price deal: Act fast to get three months for bargain price [DEAL] Glen Matlock was the Sex Pistols' bass guitarist who will be portrayed by actor Christian Lees. He is probably best recognised for starring in the 2017 music drama Sun Records as Jerry Lee Lewis on CMT. Minder, The Infidel, Parents, Tale of Tales, Speechless and the 2021 version of The Phantom of the Opera are also listed on his CV. Matlock himself announced on Twitter that he wasn't able to attend the premiere as he is currently abroad. Fellow bassist for the band and the final member of Sex Pistols was John Simon Ritchie, who was better known as Sid Vicious. Actor Louis Partridge has been in Paddington 2, Amazon Adventure, Boomers and Enola Holmes. Other cast members include: Chrissie Hynde - Sydney Chandler Vivienne Westwood - Talulah Riley Nancy Spungen - Emma Appleton Malcolm McLaren - Thomas Brodie-Sangster Pistol premieres on Tuesday, May 31, on FX on Hulu in the USA and Disney+ in the UK. 