Novak Djokovic has a score to settle against Rafael Nadal in Tuesday's French Open quarter-final at Roland Garros - with Nadal having won more matches against Djokovic at majors. World No 1 Djokovic knows a win over the Spaniard is likely to pave the way to his 21st Grand Slam, putting him on par with Nadal and matching the record for the most Grand Slams of all time. Nadal edged ahead of the Serbian with his 21st title at the Australian Open after coming from two sets down to stun Daniil Medvedev. The result must have especially stung for Djokovic who had won eight of the last 11 titles in Melbourne but was barred from playing this year because he is not vaccinated against Covid. And Djokovic has some revenge to take out on Nadal. They have played one another 17 times previously at majors with Nadal leading 10-7, thanks in large part to his record at the French Open. Djokovic will see 'King of Clay' as the main competition for Roland Garros this year. Nadal has only lost four matches at the Paris Grand Slam since 2005. The Serb has a 7-2 record against Nadal at the French Open throughout his career. He won the last meeting of the pair on the red dirt at a major with a semi-final victory last year, which put him into the final against Stefanos Tsitsipas, whom he beat after trailing by two sets. Nadal has conceded that this match, should he lose, may well be his final outing at the French Open due to injury. "I hope I'm well enough to train tomorrow," Nadal said on Monday when asked about the upcoming match and his preparations. "I haven't played Djokovic for a year and it's a big challenge. He's won the last nine matches, he's the Rome champion and he'll be confident. "I know my situation and I accept it. What I'm going to do is fight, I can't complain because I'm in the quarter-finals. Two and a half weeks ago, even though I had hopes, I didn't know if I was going to be here - and I'm enjoying the quarters. Every match could be my last at Roland Garros." Nadal won his first three matches at the French Open this year in straight sets, although struggled against Canada's Felix Auger-Aliassime in the round of 16. The underdog took Nadal to the final set, although the Spaniard outclassed his opponent 6-3 to take the spoils. Elsewhere, Djokovic has beaten all of his opponents in straight sets as he looks to win his 21st Slam.