Alya (played by Sair Khan) and especially Ryan (Ryan Prescott) haven't been seen much on Coronation Street over the past few months. The last time they were both involved in a big storyline was when they tried to cover up Hashim Elamin's (Vincent Ebrahim) death, which both of them seemed to avoid prison sentences over. With their life becoming a lot less dramatic on the ITV soap, they could decide it's time to settle down and get a place of their own, away from Yasmeen Nazir's (Shelley King) prying eyes. However, their future plans could come to a standstill if Alya discovers she is going to be a mother. It was only recently Alya and Ryan decided to give things another go after Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan) ruined their chances of love the first time around. Apart from this blip, they have been together for a fair amount of time and it would be sensible for them to plan their future together. Although they want children, they could have planned for them to come along after a wedding and once they both felt secure with their careers. The soap is notorious for throwing a twist or two into residents' lives and the fruition of a baby could be what stumbles upon this pair. Yasmeen could be delighted she is going to have her first grandchild and Alya could be excited at the prospect of having a little one running around, but will Ryan's heart be completely in it? READ MORE: ‘He was two dimensional’ Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises Cain Over the years, Ryan has always struggled with commitment but Alya has been the one person who seems to have changed his ways. It seems he is willing to give everything to be with Yasmeen's grandmother but the idea of a baby could make his feet itch as he tries to fight his instincts to run away. Knowing his mother, Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh) is living in Ireland, he has the perfect escape plan in hand if he needs to bolt. As every day passes and Alya feels more excited about having their baby, he could decide it's time he leaves the picture for good. This would leave his girlfriend heartbroken as she would be left to raise their child on her own but could it also be the making of her? The actress who plays Alya, Sair, has spoken out on a brand-new storyline for her character which will take her in a new direction. Sair explained: "Well my dream storyline, actually, I think it might just be about to happen! I had a chat with the producer last week. "And we’re taking things in a really different direction. Something really unexpected happens and it changes Alya’s perspective on everything. "So it’s a future that wasn’t expected but I’m really excited about it. "The great thing about our producer Iain [MacLeod] and wife Verity [assistant producer] is they love to speak to you about your character, they love hearing your ideas," she said in an interview with the Daily Star. DON'T MISS...Corrie's Antony Cotton accidentally lets HUGE soap spoiler slip [COMMENT]Chris Gascoyne health: Coronation Street actor on 'alcohol problems' [COMMENT]Ryan Thomas shares 'insane' body transformation after 12 weeks [PICTURES] As her mother died before she moved to the cobbles, Alya has only ever had Yasmeen as her mother figure but she hasn't harnessed any maternal instincts herself. This is where her character could change as the prospect of having a baby makes her think about aspects of her life differently. Especially if Ryan were out of the picture, she would have to think about whether she lives with her grandmother or on her own and how she will approach her career. A storyline like this could see her bond with other characters on the cobbles as she gets advice on how to manage life as a single mother. But if Ryan does decide to stay, will they manage to ensure their relationship isn't affected by the arrival of a baby? When the pair first got together, Sair spoke about whether she believed the two characters were compatible for a relationship. The actress explained: "I think they are chalk and cheese! They are very opposite, but I like that. "When I have personally been thinking about who would be a good match for my character in terms of relationships, I would never have thought Ryan but actually they are quite perfect because I think she would balance him out. "And he is already bringing out a more fun, relaxed, playful side to Alya, which we just haven’t had the opportunity to see. "It’s always been there, but it’s just been buried really deep so she has needed someone to bring that out in her," the soap star added. "She doesn’t need someone who is serious, she doesn’t need someone who is going to cause her a lot of drama, she needs someone who is going to bring out that warm side to her,' Sair remarked. "Ryan is so boisterous and so wild that actually, he does need taming a little bit, so that will be really interesting to see what Alya will bring out in Ryan." However, with the couple facing some drama in recent years, it seems they are very different characters to the ones Sair was talking about a couple of years ago. Will a baby allow the pair to become the people they were always meant to be or will it bring out the worst in them as they find more holes in their relationship? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.