Plastic lawns are thought to be the perfect solution for those who suffer from lawn problems, including brown patches. They also don’t need to be mowed, which is seen as a bonus for many. However, despite not needing to be cut, one expert has said they require “more maintenance” than people first think. Chris Mcllroy, an expert at The Grass People, said: “Although plastic grass is convenient, it doesn’t last forever. “It looks good instantly but can wear badly and then is very hard to recycle. “Not only that, high quality plastic grass is expensive and requires more maintenance than people realise. “Plastic grass can get very hot as it absorbs heat and can cause burns.” READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home According to the expert, it can also cause injury through friction burns if children are playing on it. For that reason, Chris said artificial grass isn’t always a friendly family option. The expert added: “It can also be tricky for families with pets as cleaning up after them can be difficult. “Plastic grass also contributes to local flooding as there isn’t any drainage so large volumes of rain water can be displaced and cause problems elsewhere. DON'T MISS:‘Best move’ to get rid of pesky garden weeds fast [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share the ‘best’ glass cleaner ever - and it's only £1 [COMMENT]How to ‘instantly’ increase the value of your home through gardens [EXPLAINER] “The production and disposal of plastic grass can also create pollution and destroy spaces for wildlife. “On the other hand, real grass is 100 percent natural, can help with pollution and provides a home for wildlife.” Chris said that a 50x50 foot lawn releases enough oxygen for a family of four, while trapping harmful gases produced by pollution. It is also safe for children and animals to play on and it doesn’t need to be cleaned. The expert continued: “It’s also great at absorbing noise which is helpful for those living in louder areas or who have noisy neighbours. “Although the grass does need to be mown frequently in the summer, during winter a lawn is fairly low maintenance. “It can also help improve the quality of the soil and ease the risk of flooding. “Some homeowners do face challenges with their grass, such as shade and clay soils which may encourage them to purchase artificial grass, however this can be easily solved with the right seed and know-how.” At the beginning of May, Central Swindon North Council warned residents that it would not remove healthy trees after people complained leaves landed on their artificial lawns. The council said: “As plastic lawns become more common, we’ve received requests to remove or trim adjacent trees which deposit blossom, leaves or catkins. “We generally won’t do this. “Plastic lawns need to be swept or vacuumed regularly. “Please do think about overhanging trees before you commit.” Andy Reeves from Swindon North Council warned people to “think twice” before installing artificial lawns. Wildlife campaigners have been campaigning for years to try and get artificial banned, with fears it could be ruining habitats for insects and wildlife.