Britain’s Got Talent fans pointed out a strange coincidence on Tuesday’s semi-final as a dancing dog act performed. The woman’s name and the song she danced to reminded viewers of the very famous and ongoing trial between Johnny Depp and Amber Heard. Captain Amber brought on her dancing collies once again in front of judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon, and David Walliams. But viewers couldn’t believe Amber’s music included the Pirates of the Caribbean soundtrack. Dominating recent headlines has been the defamation trial between Johnny Depp and Amber Heard, which has gone to jury deliberation. Johnny famously played Captain Jack Sparrow in the franchise, and the fact the BGT star’s name was Amber was a little spooky for some fans. Viewers took to Twitter to share their thoughts. Mags wrote: “Ah lads, @BGT opening with Johnny B.Goode followed by Amber and the Dancing Collies dancing to music from Pirates of The Caribbean music. “You couldn't make it up,” she added, alongside laughing face emojis. Realxinsomnia echoed: “A girl called Amber doing a Pirates Of The Caribbean theme … awkward”. Fozzie wrote: “Johnny Depp plays Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean and one of the dogs was called Amber!” “Amber and pirates of the Caribbean theme ?” pondered Marilyn. Following Amber’s performance, the judges gave their glowing reviews. “Oh my goodness, you choreographed that to perfection,” said Alesha. DON'T MISS...Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [RIFT]Mel Gibson, 66, unrecognisable as he is spotted in Glasgow [PHOTOS] Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [ADMISSION] “You did really well to keep up with those dogs, brilliant audition - that Ruby - she is a feisty one! “I commend you, when it’s live, anything can go wrong and they were so brilliant and worked so well, I can see how hard you have worked,” she added, as one of the pups decided to have a little run around on stage. “You are the best dog act we have seen since Ashleigh and Pudsy,” Alesha continued, referring to the duo who won the show in 2012. “That was a spectacle, congratulations.” Amanda shared a similar sentiment, gushing: “For me it’s just the amount of energy and joy, those dogs could not wait to get started, which is really important. “We are all massive animal lovers and to see their energy and skill was extraordinary. “It was like part of a movie, it was absolutely extraordinary, well done.” * Britain's Got Talent's semi-finals and final will air nightly from May 30 to June 5, from 8pm on ITV