G Callen (played by Chris O’Donnell) could finally put the secret agent life behind him and settle down with Anna Kolcheck (Bar Paly) after more than 10 years with the NCIS. Unfortunately, in the 300th episode of the popular CBS spin-off, NCIS: Los Angeles, he’ll have to have an uncomfortable conversation with her father, Arkady Kolcheck (Vyto Ruginis), before they can start making wedding plans. Arkady might not be willing to give Callen his blessing to marry his daughter when NCIS: LA returns for episode 300, Work and Family. In a newly released sneak peek, Callen goes to Anna’s father for a favour and doesn’t get the reaction he was expecting. Callen tells him he loves Anna, though Arkady initially understands and presents him with a large stack of dollar bills. The agent refuses the money and clarifies: “I don’t need money. I’m going to ask Anna to marry me, and I would like your blessing.” READ MORE: 'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern opens up on viewing figures The clip ends on an ambiguous note with Callen watching in horror as Arkady bursts into gleeful laughter. Could Arkady be laughing because he doesn’t believe Callen is fit to marry his daughter? Another clip from the episode reveals his answer when Callen discusses their conversation with fellow agent Sam Hanna (LL Cool J). Sam had just moved in with his father, who has been diagnosed with Alzheimer’s and things didn’t go as smoothly as he hoped. “I think it’s a 50/50 chance that one of us kills the other by the time the week’s out,” he jokes. Callen replies: “If it’s any consolation, I may be giving Arkady a little dirt nap as well.” The agent had previously been talked out of the proposal after a heart-to-heart with Arkady in the previous season. Now he has finally worked up the courage to ask Arkady outright for his blessing to marry Anna, he received yet another shock to the system. DON'T MISS:The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus teases Carol’s return [INTERVIEW]Eustice sparks uproar with BBC Breakfast viewers over cost of living [VIDEO]Outlander boss pays tribute to Young Ian star [TRIBUTE] “He said no. I’m serious, he is forbidding me to marry her,” he told Sam. Sam was furious with Arkady’s response and encouraged Callen to tell Anna and go ahead with the wedding regardless. “Well, it’s Arkady, he’s half crazy,” he says, to which Callen quips: “Just half?” Anna is still in the dark about her father’s response, but she and Callen could simply decide to ignore his warning. Sam assures Callen: “She won’t care. She’s gonna laugh it off or tear him a new one. Probably both.” However, Callen retorts: “He said the marriage will be cursed if we don’t have his blessing. What is that, Russian? I’ve never even heard that.” The current season of NCIS: LA could conclude with a wedding without his blessing, but the stubborn and determined agent is more likely to try and win Arkady’s approval before he gets down on one knee. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.