Michelle Hardwick, 46, has revealed that she and her wife Kate Brooks, 39, have had to call the police after receiving terrifying death threats. The Emmerdale star has said that the root cause of the threats comes from homophobia. Michelle married executive producer Kate in 2019. The two welcomed their son Teddy in 2020 through IVF treatment. Many have celebrated the pair’s life, but they have also been subject to homophobic abuse. The actress explained that police have had to be called on separate occasions. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain She told OK!: "There have been certain times when police have had to be called because there have been death threats." The star added that it was unnecessary to mention her son’s name. Michelle continued: “When they’re mentioning your son’s name and you’re just going ‘Really? I’m just in a soap you know – we’re not doing any harm to anybody'. “The root of it all is always because I’m gay, I’m a gay woman. “And it’s like, ‘Lesbians shouldn’t be on this Earth, just burn in hell and die.'" In August 2021, the Vanessa Woodfield actress revealed a number of homophobic messages she received from a social media user who called her a “d**e” and “l***o brat”. At the time, she issued a challenge to the fan, writing alongside the abuse: “Come on, show us who you really are, I dare you!” In full view of Michelle’s 116,400 Twitter followers, Kate also chimed in on the abuser’s comments. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] She wrote: "Hi ‘Michael’, the original Prisoner Cell Block H called from 1985. “They’d really like their insults back. Thanks a mill." Later that day, Michelle returned to her social media to thank her fans for their supportive messages in light of the incident. She added that she doesn’t “take it to heart”. Continuing, she said: “Thank you to every single person who took the time to message me whether I know you personally or not. “I promise I'll read them all." In the same interview to OK!, she revealed the pair would love to have another baby and one day meet Teddy’s biological father to thank him. Michelle has been married once before to Rosie Nicholl. The pair had married in 2015 and divorced in 2017.