It's almost time for the second major of the year as the US PGA Championship gets going on Thursday afternoon UK time. World No 1 Scottie Scheffler is the man to beat following his emphatic victory at the Masters, but once again most of the talk will be dominated by golf icon Tiger Woods. Woods remarkably returned to competitive action at the Masters in April, 14 months on from his life-threatening car crash just outside Los Angeles. He suffered multiple leg breaks and it was feared amputation was on the table. Many thought the 15-time major winner would never play golf competitively again, but he defied the odds to compete at Augusta. And he left fans in awe once more at the iconic course, finishing his first round at the Masters on one under par before fading away over the weekend as the undulated Augusta National took its toll. Woods ended up finishing 47th on six over par. But he has already warned his rivals ahead of the PGA Championship that they can expect even better from him this time round, telling Golfweek that “I’ve gotten a lot stronger since The Masters.” While fans are holding out hope that he can miraculously compete at Southern Hills, host course of the PGA Championship, it's hard to look past the usual suspects for glory - most notably Scheffler. JUST IN: Tiger Woods issues ominous message to rivals ahead of the PGA Championship And according to Betfair, the American is alongside Jon Rahm as the favourite to reign supreme in Oklahoma at 11/1. Scheffler had replaced the Spaniard as world No 1 at the end of March following an incredible start to 2022, which saw him win the Phoenix Open, Arnold Palmer Invitational and WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play before his Masters triumph. Behind these two in the pecking order are Justin Thomas and Rory McIlroy, who are ever so slightly further back at 12/1. European star McIlroy is desperate to end his major drought, having won his last big title in 2014 at the PGA Championship. And he will be buoyed by his second-placed finish at the Masters last month. Furthermore, Jordan Spieth comes in at 14/1 with Betfair while the likes of Collin Morikawa (16/1), Cameron Smith (18/1), Dustin Johnson (18/1), Patrick Cantlay (18/1), Hideki Matsuyama (22/1), Shane Lowry (22/1) and Viktor Hovland (22/1) and Xander Schauffele (22/1) are all safe bets. DON'T MISSPhil Mickelson gives no reason for PGA Championship withdrawal one year after historic winTiger Woods the big draw as McIntyre details PGA Championship hope after 'wild' experienceRory McIlroy makes 'comfortable' major prediction ahead of PGA Championship  But the name everyone is looking out for is of course 15-time major champion Woods. Tiger finds himself at 50/1 to secure a remarkable triumph at Southern Hills this week. Woods is at 50/1 alongside Englishman Tyrrell Hatton, Louis Oosthuizen, Keegan Bradley and co. Triumph for the icon would arguably go down as the greatest story in sporting history.