Zara Tindall is known to share an incredibly close bond with her beloved grandmother, the Queen. Her love for her late grandfather Prince Philip was also well-documented, and she named her baby son Lucas Philip Tindall after him shortly before his death last April. So when she tied the knot in 2011, Zara made sure to include several tributes to the Queen and Prince Philip.  The first way Zara paid homage to her grandparents on her wedding day was with her choice of location. Zara chose to marry Mike Tindall on Edinburgh's Royal Mile in Scotland, a country beloved and frequently visited by her grandparents throughout the Queen's long reign. The Queen and Prince Philip were among the congregation at Canongate Kirk in Edinburgh when the sports stars tied the knot, and they later held their wedding reception at the Queen's official Scottish residence, the Palace of Holyroodhouse. The second tribute Zara paid came in the form of her wedding dress, as she opted for a designer the Queen has been known to admire.  READ MORE: Moving day for Queen as Margaret's granddaughter turns 20 Kate Beavis, owner of the contemporary wedding blog Magpie Wedding and The Eco Wedding Show, told Express.co.uk: "Zara Tindall is known for her understated fashion, so it was no surprise that she wore a classic shaped wedding dress designed by Stewart Parvin. "He is a firm favourite designer to the Queen. The dress was made from ivory silk duchess satin and was all about the construction; with a tight fitted bodice with corsetted construction and a dropped waist, full billowing skirt. "It had contemporary design touches too; silk tulle straps were an interesting detail that were designed to fall gently over the shoulder to echo cap sleeves and bias cut raw edged ribbons of silk and duchess satin stitched to the neckline and empire line on the bodice. "Her veil was bouffant style, cathedral length which worked perfectly with the silhouette of the dress."   For her final tribute, Zara wore a tiara which had very special meaning to Prince Philip. The Meander Tiara was gifted to the Queen by Prince Philip's mother back when she was still known as Princess Elizabeth. The precious diadem was then passed down to Princess Anne, Philip and the Queen's only daughter, and it remains a family heirloom today.  DON'T MISS:Why Zara Tindall's children are without royal titles [INSIGHT]Queen under pressure to remove Harry and Andrew as Councillors [ANALYSIS]Letizia of Spain shows off 'serious abs' in 'daring dress for a Queen' [PICTURES] Daena Borrowman, Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, previously told Express.co.uk: "The Meander Tiara was a wedding present to Queen Elizabeth from Prince Philip’s mother, Princess Alice of Greece and Denmark. "It was later given to Princess Anne before her first marriage and her daughter Zara Tindall wore it on her wedding day. "The classically Greek meander design of the band is made of diamonds with the Greek key pattern, a central laurel wreath and two sections of honeysuckles. "It was most likely made by Cartier in France and is worth between £2million and £4million.” 