But when I went to my next destination within the same hospital I again had my temperature taken and was asked if I had any Covid symptoms. This was slightly annoying because I had a piece of paper from the previous check, stating my temperature and the fact I had reported no symptoms.  Even more annoying, when I went to a third place in the hospital - still carrying my original piece of paper - I had to go through the whole process again! Could this red tape be connected to the doubling in the number of senior officials employed by NHS England and the Department of Health during the pandemic? I can only assume, like lo in a lot of over-managed organisations paid for by the public purse, that pen-pushers have been busy organising more unnecessary work, a kind of "pass the patient", when the money could be better spent on doctors and nurses. Those who say the NHS is the best in the world are talking nonsense, especially when you have to wait four weeks for the results of scans and other procedures available the next day in other countries. It's just not acceptable. Instead of worrying about who had a piece of cake in Downing Street, the politicians need to have the guts to sort out the management of the NHS.  I don't know reality TV star Katie Price personally, though I think I've interviewed her once, but if she was to send me an email about my wife of the sort she sent to her ex-husband about his fiancée I'd be absolutely fuming and would want her locked up. The way she has behaved is appalling. Worse still, she's in the public eye, so she has an extra responsibility to act in a proper manner. Having said all that, I have felt sorry for her in the past and still feel sorry for her. It's easy to ridicule her and turn her into a monster, which is why I don't. I prefer to take on people who are more able to defend themselves. I'm not a psychiatrist but it does seem she's in desperate need of help. The court at which she pleaded guilty last week to breaching a restraining order against her ex-husband's fiancée wants to hear more about her mental health before deciding if she should be jailed - it could be for five years - when she comes up for sentencing on June 24. A sensitive decision. How can America consider itself a civilised democracy with the number of mass shootings it has, often with children as the victims? The latest, in Texas, in which 19 primary school children and two teachers were killed by a heavily-armed 18 year old, is one of the most horrific. Yet a majority of Republican politicians and those who think like them won't back law changes for more checks on gun buying, because the right to bear arms is enshrined in the US constitution and "it's not the guns that are evil, just the shooters". Surely America needs to take a very deep look at itself? All I hear from gun-loving US politicians and the like is how "Godfearing" they are. You only have to look at all the countries that are ultra-religious to see why I'm not a big fan of religion. I havenever heard so much rubbish as the nonsense that has come out of the mouths of RMT union leaders trying to justify the chaos they plan for the Tube network in London during the Jubilee weekend and afterwards. They planned to close two key central stations on Friday - the day of a thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral for the Queen's reign, when people are trying to come together in the capital - claiming staff there "had faced bullying from a single manager for years". Fortunately they have now suspended that stoppage after negotiation over the issue. But then they threaten to cripple the whole network just as people are trying to go back to work after the weekend because they say they are protecting jobs and their incredibly generous pensions. In a way, I hope they go ahead with the action because it will be the end of unions holding the rest of us to ransom. Nobody will be left in any doubt about their selfishness and greed, or their political motivation. Boris, who I know admires Maggie Thatcher, should take a leaf out of her book: do the right thing and take their power away. They should not be allowed to affect all those who have to use public transport in their daily life, whether for work or for pleasure. Who the hell do they think they are, threatening us all in order to get their demands met? And how dare they insult the Queen in this way? We must wait until Wednesday to find out what sentence will be dished out to Kurt Zouma, the footballer who last week pleaded guilty to slapping and kicking a cat. I hope, having seen the video, that justice will be done. Justice wasn't done, as far as I am concerned, in the case of that disgusting postman who kicked a little dog. How can we allow behaviour like that to go unpunished? And then there was the horrific story last week of a white van running over some baby ducks. The traffic was waiting for the mother duck and her ducklings to cross the road but the van driver decided he couldn't be bothered to wait any longer and sped off, squashing three of the ducklings. I heard some people thought it was funny. They are just sick and it goes to show that this country really does have a problem with animal abuse. It's time to punish the abusers severely. There were no great surprises for me in Sue Gray's report into the parties at Downing Street during lockdown. Most people had already made up their minds whether they were appalled or whether there are more important things to worry about. I was heartened to hear the Prime Minister's explanations which were that, as I had assumed, some people sadly took advantage of the opportunities presented while working long hours at Downing Street during the pandemic. Hopefully those people have been dealt with and the culture of staff working in the highest office in the land has now changed. Being PM is probably the most difficult and most important job anybody could ever have in their life, particularly during the last couple of years, with a pandemic and now the cost-of-living crisis and the UkraineWar. If anything appalled me about Prime Minister's Questions, it was the annoying Ian Blackford, leader of the Scottish National Party in Parliament. With his continual barracking of the Prime Minister, if he thought he was speaking for all of us then he was very much mistaken. Boris Johnson will stand at the next election and, if the people of this country decide they don't want him leading us any more, then so be it. That will be the choice of the voters and not jumped-up Ian Blackford. I also wish some of these rather weak politicians would stop pretending what happened in Downing Street, in the building where the Prime Minister not only works but also lives, was somehow a betrayal of people who weren't able to see loved ones who were dying. The Prime Minister did not get to see his ill mother either, other than by video link. The constant moaning about Partygate has gone on long enough and I'm sick of it. Now can we concentrate on important matters, like the possibility of nuclear war, the state of the global economy and how we will all survive?  