Top Gear trio Freddie Flintoff, Chris Harris, and Paddy McGuinness joined This Morning presenters Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary to talk about the upcoming season. The three have great chemistry, and during the interview, they opened up about some behind-the-scenes bloopers and how an incident game turned into a medical emergency. Top Gear is known for its near-miss car accidents and extreme thrills. The BBC show launches its 32nd series next month, and the driving presenters can't wait for viewers to see it. Alison seemed genuinely concerned about them, discussing how the three guests put themselves into some pretty hairy moments. She said: "This is a dangerous job, I mean, Chris, you actually damaged yourself, didn't you? "What happened?" Read More: 'Not right!' Meghan and Harry Netflix cameras blasted for being at Jubilee by Ferrari Looking Alison straight in the eyes, he replied: "Oh yeah, this was really dangerous." Freddie and Paddy both chimed in with how "dangerous it was." Plucking up the courage to reveal his story Dermot and Alison were waiting to hear of the horrific moment. Chris continued: "I tried to catch a frisbee that Flintoff threw at me, and I fractured my heel." Alison erupted into her iconic laugh, and Chris continued his story: "And obviously these two were so sympathetic, and they didn't have a go." The other two who were sitting next to him on the sofa started to crack a smile. "The first thing that happened to me lying on the ground was McGuinness was over me, taking a selfie and laughing," Chris added. "They didn't give a monkey, didn't ask how I was." DON’T MISS…Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star as she lands 1932 role [LATEST]Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show 'Need to go' [LATEST]‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks out on key Claire change [LATEST] Wanting to know more about the series, Alison asked: "Paddy, what have we got to look forward to? This is the 32nd series. "I can't believe it has been going on for so long, what can we look forward to? Obviously, there is this big Florida trip." Paddy replied: "Yeah, that's on this Sunday. Obviously, with Covid and everything else, we had been limited to what we could do, so this time we have let the reins off. "We have gone out into the big wide world again, and we did an RV trip across the states, the three of us together, and we had such a good time. "And do you know what? With what is going on at the minute with so much misery, it'll be nice this Sunday to just have some sunshine on the telly and a bit of laughter, and that is what it is all about."