Saturday night saw another round of auditions for ITV's Britain's Got Talent and an array of eager contestants took to the stage wanting to impress the judges. One of which was nine year old Ryland, who decided to show off his magic tricks and left Amanda Holden speechless after pulling her up onto the stage. However, viewers claimed they had worked out how the young magician had pulled off the trick over a simple mistake. As he walked onto the stage, Ryland was asked by Amanda: "Do you feel nervous or quite confident?" He replied: "I'm a bit nervous," to which Amanda continued: "What has made you want to come on Britain's Got Talent?" Ryland explained: "My dad inspired me to start the magic because he was a magician." This prompted Simon Cowell to ask: "Do you love Harry Potter? Because I do," Ryland laughed and explained he did before setting off to do his act. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue He told the judges and audience he had written out 100 words before the show and placed them in a bowl. Amanda was soon asked to come onto the stage and pick a word out of the bowl before sitting with Ryland at the table. Throughout the act, more people joined them on the stage and were playing with Rubik's cubes before Ryland asked Amanda to shout stop when she wanted. Putting the cubed puzzles into a grid, it was soon revealed that Amanda pulled the word love out of the bowl, where Ryland presented a love heart on the cubes. However, fans of the show were quick to slam the act, claiming they had worked out how he managed to pull it off. @PaulDKennington commented: "So, every piece of paper in the box was love ???#BritainsGotTalent." Karl Howard added: "How do we know that all the words written on the paper weren’t the word love lol #BritainsGotTalent." Sophie Sharp said: "Only thing is, what if all those pieces of paper said love on them? #bgt #britainsgottalent." DON'T MISS...Simon Cowell hits back at BGT Ofcom complaints ‘Makes me laugh’ [INSIGHT]'It's not Britain's Got Amateur Talent!' Jordan Banjo blasts BGT 'fix [LATEST]Britain's Got Talent fans distracted by Amanda Holden's habit [MORE] @caitlinpersona suggested: "This kid has an amazing stage presence but... I would’ve been convinced if he showed us the different words in the bowl, not convinced." @lblck exclaimed: "All the pieces of paper had love written on them." @LeeDHayes added: "Clearly the word Love was written on all the pieces of paper." However, @aloha_lara praised: "All the pieces of paper probably said love and the heart image would not have been the genuine image made by the backs of the Rubix cubes. "But very, very good delivery for a nine-year-old!! He had loads of potential and should be proud of himself #BritainsGotTalent." (sic) Despite the comments from viewers, Ryland received a standing ovation from the judges and all four him through to the next round. Simon praised: "I am speechless, that was unbelievable, I mean seriously unbelievable, what was so weird. "We were talking and kidding about Harry Potter, and then it was like a Harry Potter movie on that stage, that is magic, unbelievable." Alesha Dixon quipped: "You have fantastic showmanship, the magic was amazing, fabulous, well done." David Walliams added: "You have magical powers that need to be stopped, it was incredible, it was a great audition you should be proud of yourself." Amanda kicked off the results and said: "You are super confident, lots of personality, and that is one of the most important things when you are a magician. "You have everything going for you, good stage presence, so well done." Britain's Got Talent airs Saturday from 8pm on ITV. David Walliams added: "You have magical powers that need to be stopped, it was incredible, it was a great audition you should be proud of yourself." Amanda kicked off the results and said: "You are super confident, lots of personality, and that is one of the most important things when you are a magician. "You have everything going for you, good stage presence, so well done." Britain's Got Talent airs Saturday from 8pm on ITV. 