The proud parents of Sienna organised her christening for last Friday, April 29. Beatrice and Edoardo, also known by family and friends as Edo, were joined by their family for a private ceremony hosted at the Chapel Royal at St James's Palace. No other details or pictures from the event have come to light, and it isn't known which members of the Firm took part in the happy event. However, is likely the christening was attended by Sienna's beloved aunt Princess Eugenie and uncle Jack Brooksbank. The child's doting grandmother Sarah Ferguson may have also been in attendance. The christening took place on an already important date for the Firm - the wedding anniversary of Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here On Friday, the Cambridges marked their 11th year together as husband and wife. The Duke and Duchess spent the day privately, with their social media keeping the focus on their royal work. Indeed, Kensington Palace shared a picture of William taken during a conversation via video link with some of the people affected by severe flooding on the east coast of Australia. The tweet read: "The sheer magnitude and long term impacts the floods in Australia have had on those affected is devastating. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte delights fans with ‘precious’ birthday photos "The speed of the destruction has resulted in thousands left without homes, businesses and income. "Residents and emergency responders are continuing to work together to rebuild shattered neighbourhoods and recover from this natural disaster." Beatrice and Edo's daughter was born on September 18 last year. The couple followed royal protocol and let Buckingham Palace issue a formal announcement to share the happy news with the world a few days after her arrival. It read: "Her Royal Highness Princess Beatrice and Mr Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi are delighted to announce the safe arrival of their daughter on Saturday 18th September 2021, at 23.42, at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital, London. "The baby weighs 6 pounds and 2 ounces. The new baby's grandparents and great-grandparents have all been informed and are delighted with the news. "The family would like to thank all the staff at the hospital for their wonderful care." The cheerful statement also mentioned Edo's son from his previous relationship with architect Dara Huang - Christopher 'Wolfie' Woolf. It said: "Her Royal Highness and her child are both doing well, and the couple are looking forward to introducing their daughter to her big brother Christopher Woolf." The pair decided against sharing a picture of their young child, who is yet to make an appearance at a royal event. In lieu of a photograph, upon announcing her name on social media both Beatrice and Edoardo published a picture showing the footprint of the baby taken following her birth. Sienna is the latest royal baby and great-grandchild of the Queen to have been christened. Last November, Beatrice's sister Eugenie and cousin Zara Tindall held a rare joint christening for their babies. The Queen's granddaughters welcomed their boys August and Lucas to the church by holding a private ceremony at All Saints Chapel in Windsor. The sovereign travelled the short distance from her Berkshire residence to the church to attend the family event. No official pictures were released, but Princess Eugenie shared at a later date an intimate snap showing herself holding baby August Philip during the ceremony.