Liverpool may be one of several clubs hoping to sign Jude Bellingham from Borussia Dortmund next year, but the midfielder's young brother is also attracting attention from the Reds. Liverpool aren't expected to spend big this summer having already signed Luis Diaz ahead of schedule. They've already agreed a deal for Fulham starlet Fabio Carvalho with the talented 19-year-old set to join next month. Reports have also indicated that an agreement is close to being made for Aberdeen star Calvin Ramsay. Both players are seen as talents for the future and Jurgen Klopp has proven in the past that he's willing to put his faith in young stars. And they could potentially be joined at Liverpool by Bellingham's younger brother, Jobe Bellingham. According to the Mirror, Liverpool have asked to be 'kept informed' of the 16-year-old's situation at Birmingham. Liverpool are named as the 'early frontrunners' to sign Jobe with both Manchester City and Newcastle also showing an interest. JUST IN: Liverpool 'strike another Porto agreement' over £12.7m talent   Jobe has shown versatility to play across a number of positions in both midfield and attack in his youth career. And he's also played a handful of games for Birmingham's senior side, hinting at the belief they have in his talents. Jobe became Birmingham's second-youngest debutant when he came on against Plymouth in the FA Cup back in January. And he also played 30 minutes in Birmingham's last Championship game of the season against Blackburn. Speaking back in January after Jobe's debut, Lee Bowyer praised the teenager for how he handled the occasion. DON'T MISS  "Young Jobe coming on looked so comfortable," Bowyer said. "He's earned that, he's been training with us for two, three, four weeks now, you can just see him growing and improving every day. "I said to him after the game: 'You've done really well, you're a 16-year-old lad that dominated the ball, didn't really give it away, tried to do the right things and when you did give it away you ran back, defended in your own box'. He did a lot of good things and I said 'I only gave you that opportunity because you've earned it'. "When he first came to us training with the first-team group he took too many touches and was getting caught in possession, but now that's not happening as much and you've seen that there. He played with a confidence and that's because he's improving every day and I thought it was the right time and I'd like to think that I was right."