Dr Danielle Crida, Nutrition Consultant at Igennus Healthcare Nutrition shared that if you’re “tired all the time”, B12 deficiency might be the underlying cause. She said: “It’s easy to ignore a feeling of mild, constant fatigue – it can creep up gradually and there’s always something to blame it on, such as stress, lack of sleep or even the after-effects of Covid.” The expert continued: “However, if you experience constant tiredness despite getting good sleep, or can’t cope with exercise as well as usual, it’s time to look at what could be causing this.” The NHS explains that vitamin B12 deficiency might present with extreme tiredness or lack of energy, also known as lethargy. Dr Crida shared how this sign might come about, saying: “Vitamin B12 helps the bone marrow produce healthy red blood cells, which carry oxygen from the lungs to each cell in the body, where it is needed for energy production. “Without enough B12, red blood cells become abnormally large and can’t function as well, starving our cells of oxygen vital for strength and stamina. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Pain in three areas of the body signals high levels - do not 'dismiss' “A lack of B12 is one of the causes of anaemia (megaloblastic or ‘large cell’ anaemia), and in severe cases can cause you to look pale or feel short of breath.” While tiredness could be one of the warning signs, drawing attention to the deficiency, the NHS shares other symptoms to spot, including:  The health service urges seeing your GP if you suffer from any of these symptoms. Fortunately, vitamin B12 deficiency can be picked up based on your symptoms or a simple blood test. However, it’s crucial for the deficiency to be identified and treated “as soon as possible”. Even though many symptoms will improve with targeted treatment, some problems might be “irreversible”, the NHS warns. “B12 deficiency is vital to bear in mind as long-term deficiency may have serious consequences,” Dr Crida added. The expert stressed that certain people might be at a greater risk of developing vitamin B12 deficiency. She said: “Getting enough vitamin B12 can be challenging as its absorption is complicated, especially for those aged over 60 years and those with certain gut conditions such as coeliac and inflammatory bowel disease. “Medications such as oral contraceptives, proton pump inhibitors and metformin decrease B12 absorption. “Vegans and vegetarians may also not get enough B12 in their diets as in its natural form it is found only in animal products.” Although the majority of B12 sources is packed in animal-derived products, foods including yeast extract, some fortified breakfast cereals and soy products can offer the vitamin too. Dr Crida added: “Taking a daily B12 supplement is recommended for all those following a plant-based diet, as in the early stages B12 deficiency may be without symptoms, and once signs appear irreversible damage might already have occurred. “If you still have symptoms despite taking a B12 supplement, please see your GP to investigate the cause.” 