Motorists who warn other drivers about the location of speed cameras via Facebook could face up to a month in prison and fines up to £1,000. This is because revealing such information is a breach of section 89 of the Police Act 1997. Motorists have now been urged by police to stop sharing their intel on speed cameras. A spokesperson for the North Wales Police said: “Publicising the locations of speed traps hampers the good work that staff and officers do to reduce speeding motorists, which is one of the ‘Fatal Five’ offences. “Motorists could be prosecuted if they are caught warning other drivers on the road for any speed trap.” Section 89 of the Police Act 1997 reads: "Any person who resists or wilfully obstructs a constable in the execution of his duty, or a person assisting a constable in the execution of his duty, shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to a fine not exceeding level 3 (£1,000) on the standard scale, or to both." READ MORE: Drivers rage at 20mph speed cameras launching across the UK Motorists have also recently been warned that they should “stick to the speed limit” as there are more than 3,000 fixed-speed cameras installed across multiple UK regions. The North West has the most cameras with the figure standing at 657. South East England, with 639 fixed cameras, is the only other region with more than 600 devices. At the other end of the scale, there are only 78 speed cameras across the West Midlands. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to listen out for 'squeaking under the bonnet' [WARNING] Half of British drivers would not consider an electric car [REVEAL] Driver caught speeding at 140mph - 'total disregard for safety' [SHOCKING] The East of England came in third place with 480 fixed speed cameras. The region was followed by the East Midlands (434), Wales (316), Yorkshire (297), South West (230), Scotland (202), London (151), and North East (137). John Wilmot, CEO of LeaseLoco, said: “Speed cameras have been a familiar sight on UK roads for years. “And this data reveals the disparity between regions when it comes to the number of cameras surveilling our roads, with 500 more across the North West than neighbouring North East England.” Mr Wilmot added: “What this data doesn’t reveal is the percentage of these roadside cameras that are currently operational. “If Police Authorities’ figures from 2017 are still accurate, then only half of speed cameras are active and motorists may be tempted to gamble in light of these odds. “That’s an irresponsible game to play, and even if you do drive through an area where fixed cameras aren’t active, you still won’t be immune from mobile speed cameras. “The best advice is to stick within the speed limits and don’t be tempted to speed.” Speeding is still the most common type of motoring offence in the UK, despite thousands of speed cameras being in operation across the country. Almost 75 percent of all motoring offences are speed-related in England and Wales. According to a report released in February this year, 96 percent of all speeding offences committed in England and Wales between 2020 and 2021 were detected by road cameras. In most cases, evidence of speeding will land drivers with a minimum fine of £100 and at least three points knocked off their licence.