Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has reportedly promised Frenkie de Jong that he will build a midfield around him at Old Trafford. The Barcelona star has not exactly jumped at the chance to sign for the Red Devils, despite their well-publicised interest, and a lack of Champions League football could continue to make life difficult. If Barca are to cash in on anyone this summer, De Jong looks like the most likely candidate. His stock may have fallen slightly after failing to progress in the way many thought he would at the Camp Nou, but the 25-year-old is still an immensely talented midfielder with a desirable skill set and a £59million price-tag. According to The Independent, United's interest in the former Ajax star extends 'beyond being a target'. Ten Hag has supposedly conveyed the message that De Jong would be the main midfield maestro at Old Trafford in a bid to lure him in. Entering his prime years, however, De Jong is thought to retain 'doubts' over the move, with the likes of Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain also believed to be keeping tabs. JUST IN: Everton 'foolish' if they don't bin Dele Alli before Tottenham bonuses kick in - EXCLUSIVE Both of those options can offer Champions League football, and both are in the midst of trophy-laden spells. Perhaps crucially though, neither can offer Ten Hag, who was at the helm when De Jong made his name in the Eredivisie. United are keen to bring in talented midfield recruits this summer as Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard prepare to leave on free transfers. Outgoing interim boss Ralf Rangnick supposedly recommended that they sign Marseille's Boubacar Kamara back in January, but Aston Villa recently snapped him up instead. DON'T MISS...Kalvin Phillips' stance on future may have blocked Man City transferMohamed Salah confirmed Liverpool decision but Sadio Mane gives cryptic answerArsenal dealt setbacks over trio who could be key to transfer plans As is clear by his promise to De Jong, Ten Hag means business, and he ditched Ajax's post-season tour after winning the league title to start his work at Old Trafford early. Having floundered under Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer over the past year, one source told The Independent that the Dutchman is 'unlike any personality United have had yet'. Ten Hag was in the stands at Selhurst Park as he watched Crystal Palace beat his new side on the final day of the season. If it was not clear already, that hammered home the amount of work that needs doing ahead of next season if the Red Devils are to compete with teams they have done in previous years. Having put up their lowest points total in Premier League history, United finished 35 points behind Man City and 13 points off the top four. "I have high expectations from myself and that is also what I demand from my squad," Ten Hag told MUTV. "They have to co-operate together and they have to give every day their best. And I would say, for me, good is not good enough. We have to do better. "We are playing in the Theatre of Dreams and have to entertain the opponent. We are playing in the opponent’s half and we have to do attacking football. We have to do the pressing, the total high-pressing – that is a similarity to Ajax also – and the adventurous football."