Arsenal may have to look elsewhere for a new striker if Tottenham beat them to a deal for Gabriel Jesus. Spurs have now emerged as contenders to sign the Manchester City star. Jesus has been linked with a move to Arsenal in recent weeks. Contact has already been made with the agent of the Brazil international. Arsenal will sign at least one forward in the summer window, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract. However, the Telegraph reports that Spurs are keen on beating them to top target Jesus. Spurs beat Arsenal to Champions League qualification on Sunday, so that could swing a deal in favour of the white half of north London. Express Sport looks at four other strikers Arsenal could sign if they do indeed miss out on Jesus. READ MORE: Tottenham 'make Gabriel Jesus transfer move' after beating Arsenal to top four  Abraham was linked with the Gunners last summer before he left Chelsea for Roma. Mikel Arteta may well be kicking himself that he did not get a deal done for the England international then. Abraham would be open to a return to England at some point and his manager Jose Mourinho would not stand in his way at the right price. The 24-year-old, who scored 17 goals in his debut campaign in Serie A, would cost a pretty penny as he still has four years remaining on his Roma contract. Dybala has played his final game for Juventus and will leave for nothing this summer. There has been reported interest from the Gunners in the Argentina international. However, he may want to continue playing in the Champions League, which could scupper Arsenal's chances. Dybala is another player who Spurs have held previous interest in. DON'T MISSKylian Mbappe staying at PSG could be great news for Arsenal in pursuit of top target [OPINION]Man Utd's five likeliest signings with Erik ten Hag era now set to commence [TRANSFERS]Cristiano Ronaldo ‘missed Man Utd farewell meal’ as Ralf Rangnick details emerge [REPORT]  Calvert-Lewin's campaign has been littered with injury problems. However, tentative links with Arsenal refuse to disappear. The England international scored 16 Premier League goals during the 2020/21 season to alert other clubs to his progress at Goodison Park. Everton would likely demand a large fee after ensuring their safety in the top flight. Calvert-Lewin's team-mate Richarlison could be an alternative to his international team-mate Jesus. The Everton star is set to enter the final two years of his contract this summer. Richarlison has carried the Toffees at times this season, with 10 goals and five assists in the Premier League. He could be a player who performs better with a higher standard of team-mate around him.  Lille star David enjoyed his best goalscoring season this term. The Canada international netted 15 times in Ligue 1 in 38 appearances. At just 22 years of age, there is huge amounts of potential in the forward. However, Arsenal will be wary of spending big on a player from Lille after the way Nicolas Pepe's time at the club has gone.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here