Doctor Who is set to have a "surprising" transformation when Ncuti Gatwa replaces Jodie Whittaker later this year. When Jodie announced she was leaving the long-running BBC show, after playing the 13th Doctor since 2017, nobody knew it would take quite so long to find out who would be filling the coveted role. The show's boss, Russell T Davies, explained how the Sex Education star landed the iconic role. Many viewers found Ncuti's casting to be a surprise but the young actor has since received an outpour of support online.Russell said about his casting process: "It was the most amazing audition. He was the last person to audition."However, the showrunner and writer did reveal to Express.co.uk while attending the BAFTA TV awards that he almost didn't get the role.He said: "I thought someone else was a guaranteed hit, and then he came in. That other person will never know, sadly. Read More: BBC Breakfast's Eurovision coverage sparks fury with viewers 'Utterly ridiculous'  "I shouldn't do that because he stole it. He was simply brilliant, and I just saw unlimited potential."Keeping Ncuti's casting under wraps for the past three months turned out to be a bit easier than expected as the star's name was never in the rumour mill.He explained: "That's what surprises me because he's so brilliant and so popular. He wasn't even a guess. We feel a little victorious today."There's been a few false stories out there and a few false tales and we've posted a few things ourselves, a couple of misleading things and we're pleased they worked. "Not James Corden! We didn't plant that one. I never saw that one coming frankly - I never saw that one coming!"Russell put all of the hopefuls through their paces with a new piece of writing specifically for whoever was to be the 14th Doctor.Explaining what Ncuti had to do to land the role, Russell went on: "I wrote a special audition speech."It was an eight-page scene, it's a big scene, you've got to learn it and come in. DON’T MISS…'Unforgettable' Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell on show[LATEST]Vera bosses give Brenda Blethyn fans disappointing update on series [LATEST]'Disrespectful!' Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration viewers slam Tom Cruise interview  [LATEST]  "It's a tough, proper audition. It's really hard work, and it's me and the producer, and it's passed on and it's tough."Whovians have had more news about upcoming outings of Doctor Who than they know what to do with.David Tennant and Catherine Tate will also return to the show and Heartstopper actress Yasmin Finney has just been announced to star in the 60th-anniversary special.Yasmin will be taking over the role of Rose, a character initially played by Billie Piper.  On securing the role, Yasmin said: "If anyone would have told eight-year-old Yasmin that one day she'd be part of this iconic show, I would have never in a million years believed them."This show has a place in so many people's hearts, so to be seen as a trans actress by the legend himself Russell has not only made my year, it's made my life."I cannot wait to begin this journey and for you all to see how Rose blossoms. Get Ready." 