The presenter of James Martin's Saturday Morning is now known not only for his delicious recipes but his slim figure too. According to the celeb chef, the way to weight loss is not hitting the treadmill or restricting calorie intake - it's all about water. The 49-year-old previously lost a great deal of weight competing in the nation's favourite Strictly Come Dancing, in 2005. The rigorous training and healthy meals saw the star drop a whopping 5st. However, when he returned from the world of Strictly back to his day job, it was difficult to maintain such an intense weight loss. But, with just one key lifestyle change, he has managed to slim down. READ MORE: How to lose weight in time for summer without 'going hungry'  Responding to comments he was getting from fans on his appearance, James said: "Haha thanks all. He revealed: "Lost 14 kilos (2st 3lb) got to get new clothes." So, how did he do it? To lose a mammoth 2st 3lbs, James stopped consuming fizzy drinks, and instead stuck to water. He also made sure he consumed two litres of water daily. These two changes meant that James could still enjoy food - after all, he is a professional chef. "I still eat exactly the same." He added that "water is the key" and he doesn't have to spend hours in the gym as he's on his feet all day cooking, in conversation with Hello! And drinking more water didn't just have weight loss benefits. James experienced many "weird" results of getting more H20, including a more alert brain and healthier skin. Fizzy drinks are filled with empty calories and contain next to no nutritional value, so can be proponents of weight gain. One study at Birzeit University showed that the hunger hormone, ghrelin, increases around 50 percent after enjoying a fizzy drink. The study also found that drinking a fizzy, sugary drink makes you hungrier an hour later than drinking the same drink, but flat. Water is a no calorie alternative with a plethora of health benefits, and keeps the body fuller for longer. But despite James' weight loss being down to his drinking habits, the celeb chef has also spoken before about eating healthily. Alongside cutting back on fizzy drinks and upping the water intake, slimmers can follow James' example by eating home cooked foods rather than reaching for the takeaway menu.