The Ministry of Defence said a total of 64 reports of rape by “Russian occupiers” have been received in just two days, on May 18 and 19. Eight of the reports on the second day (10 in total) involved children, it added. “Yesterday – 56 reports. “Among the children: two 10-year-old boys and a one-year-old boy who died of his injuries.” The reports have not been confirmed. Sima Bahous, Executive Director for UN Women, told a council meeting: “We are increasingly hearing of rape and sexual violence. “These allegations must be independently investigated to ensure justice and accountability.” She added: “The combination of mass displacement with the large presence of conscripts and mercenaries, and the brutality displayed against Ukrainian civilians, has raised all red flags.” READ MORE: Xi backs Putin as ‘quietly increases’ oil purchases Pramila Patten, the UN’s top official on sexual violence in conflict, stressed she “could not wait” for reports to be verified. She said: “I cannot wait for verification to be completed to take action on reported cases, because for me, denying, downplaying, procrastinating or dismissing such serious allegation is the surest sign of the risk being repeated.” DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Sergei Shapoval, a resident of the village of Malaya Rohan, told NPR that while his house is still standing, most of the windows are now broken, and that other buildings around this one have been less fortunate still. He said: “Pretty much every building got some level of destruction.” Reports suggest Kremlin insiders are increasingly anxious about how the war in Ukraine will impact their country in the long run. Some told Bloomberg, on the condition of anonymity, that they fear Russia will be isolated from the world stage for at least one generation, if not longer. But they added they could not express their fears to Vladimir Putin himself, not least because they believed there was “no chance” of him changing his mind.