Portsmouth, Brighton, parts of Essex and Hull were worst hit, with fewer than 50 per 100,000 patients. This was the equivalent of more than 2,000 patients for each doctor, leaving medics swamped amid high demand for appointments. The analysis of data for clinical commissioning groups across England by the Nuffield Trust showed Portsmouth had the fewest GPs with just 39.5 per 100,000 patients. It was followed by Thurrock (40.3), Hull (41.9), Brighton & Hove (44.0), Kent & Medway (45.2) and Basildon & Brentwood (46.2). Billy Palmer, of the Nuffield Trust told BBC News: “In an NHS founded on the principle of equal treatment, such stark differences represent a serious failing.” The Royal College of GPs has warned that practices are facing increasing demand at a time when GP numbers have fallen, despite a Government promise of 6,000 more GPs by 2024. Family doctors have hit back at criticism for a drop in face-to-face appointments, arguing that they do not have the capacity to see all patients as they would like to. Dr Lisa Nayler, from the Rebuild General Practice campaign, said: “The data released today from The Nuffield Trust highlights the worrying reality of General Practice today – the number of patients per GP is rising to unsafe and unmanageable levels. “The data shows that the crisis is more acute in some regions than others, but the truth is that there is a GP workforce emergency across the whole of Great Britain. “There are now on average 2,200 patients for every GP in England and patients are not receiving the safe, quality care they deserve. “This is why we’re asking for support from the Government to Rebuild General Practice.” Patient watchdog Healthwatch England said a quarter of the complaints it handles now relate to GP services. National Director Louise Ansari said: “People are telling us about difficulties getting through to their local practice, with online booking systems, long waits on the phone and a lack of face-to-face appointments providing them with challenges. “The lack of easy access puts people’s health and wellbeing at risk, and increases demand on overstretched hospitals.” Meanwhile, 11 new monkeypox cases were reported in England yesterday, taking the UK total to 190. People are being urged to look out for new rashes or lesions and call NHS 111 or a sexual health clinic immediately if they develop a rash with blisters. Dr Ruth Milton, senior medical advisor at UKHSA, said: “The risk to the general public from monkeypox is still low, but it’s important that we work to limit the virus being passed on. “We remind people that they should be alert to new spots, ulcers or blisters on any part of their body. “If anyone suspects they might have these, particularly if they have recently had a new sexual partner, they should limit their contact with others and contact NHS 111 or their local sexual health service as soon as possible, though please phone ahead before attending in person.”