Like her industry-changing sister ships, Celebrity Edge and Celebrity Apex, both of which have been named one of TIME Magazine’s “World’s Greatest Places” following her 2018 debut season, Celebrity Beyond will connect guests to the breath-taking world around them like never before. The ship’s onboard and onshore experiences stand it apart as a new-luxury travel brand without comparison. My experience since we sat sail from Southampton has been one of magic and delight and would highly recommend it for a cruise holiday of a lifetime. With the first American woman to captain a ship, an internationally renowned Michelin-starred chef, one of the world’s most famous and acclaimed interior designers, and globally inspired World Class Bar cuisine and cocktails, the stage was set. Celebrity Beyond, captained by Kate McCue, is the third of their revolutionary Edge Series of ships and is all about cutting-edge design and innovation. The time had come for the countless staff, designers and architects to finally show it off since the pandemic. And they did not disappoint. From the moment you enter the ship, opulence, grandness and sophistication is all around. Celebrity Beyond stands at 17 decks high and 21 metres longer than her innovative predecessors Celebrity Edge (2018) and Celebrity Apex (2020). READ MORE: Crew 'dry the shower’ every time it’s used: Superyacht secrets Every element of Celebrity Beyond’s look and feel has been carefully curated with newly imagined spaces and expanded versions of the brand’s popular signature spaces, including: Daniel Boulud expands his role as Celebrity Cruises Global Culinary Ambassador and launches his first restaurant at sea onboard Celebrity’s newest ship. Nate Berkus, acclaimed interior designer and Celebrity Cruises Design Ambassador, creates a stunning multi-level, outdoor venue with an upscale international beach club ambience. World Class Bar debuts in partnership with drinks experts Diageo and British designer Kelly Hoppen CBE reimagines several of the brand’s signature venues Luxury didn’t stop at the architectural design and culinary experience, but extended into how Celebrity Cruises thought of wellness on Celebrity Beyond. New to the ship are AquaClass SkySuites, an immersive living experience that helps guests find their centre. From floor-to-ceiling ocean views, private verandas, luxurious bedding and other wellness amenities, Celebrity Beyond has thought of everything to nourish its guests’ mind, body, and spirit on holiday. Celebrity Cruises signature spaces including Cyprus Restaurant, the Rooftop Garden’s Rooftop Grill, Cafe al Bacio and Mast Bar are being taken above and beyond with expanded spaces, new designs and new menu offerings. The Theatre on Celebrity Beyond introduces three all-new stunning production shows. Programming will be brought to life through state-of-the-art production technology delighting and enthralling all walks of life.  “All of these spaces are so integral to the ship and people’s experience,” says Kelly Hoppen CBE, designer. “For me, the design project became all about this idea that every day someone’s going to feel different and want to do something different but always want the ultimate holiday. “So, there’s music, drinks and places to come together but also cocoons and places of solitude. “The beauty of this ship is that there is so much opportunity to be who you want to be.” Indeed, my journey on the Celebrity Beyond was that of dreams. From the friendly staff, mouth-watering cuisine, tantalising cocktails and general ambiance, Celebrity Beyond will no doubt make you feel like a celebrity. Following her maiden voyage, Celebrity Beyond will offer a variety of Mediterranean journeys including nine-night Italian Riviera and France itineraries and 10-night Greek Isles itineraries through early October, when she then heads to the Caribbean. Voyages are on sale now. For more information on all Celebrity Beyond inaugural 2022-2023 season sailings, visit Celebrity Cruises.