Chelsea target Ousmane Dembele’s agent has spoken ahead of a possible move this summer. The Barcelona winger’s contract expires in the new few weeks and the Frenchman has been linked with a host of Premier League clubs, including Chelsea. Barcelona have reportedly made little progress in renewing Demebele’s contract after months of talks. The Frenchman could well now leave the Camp Nou with time running out, while the Blues are rumoured to be weighing up a return for a player they were linked with in January. Dembele’s agent Moussa Sissoko admitted the player's future has still not yet been decided. Speaking to GOAL, he said: "Ousmane's future remains open and we are not going to enter into endless speculation. "When the time is right, Ousmane will take the best option. We are and have always been very respectful of all the clubs and we will continue in the same way as long as the process continues. When the time is right to make a decision, Ousmane will consider what is the best option for his future." Dembele has largely struggled at Barcelona since his £136million move from Borussia Dortmund in 2017 but has enjoyed a renewed freedom since club legend Xavi was appointed manager in November. Under the former Barcelona midfielder, Dembele has recorded 13 La Liga assists in 21 appearances. Chelsea were reportedly interested in the 25-year-old in January, and could be set to move again with Todd Boehly’s £4billion takeover of the club nearing completion. The incoming American owner has been told that manager Thomas Tuchel will need a large budget this summer, with several key players possibly leaving Stamford Bridge. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen are already on the way out when their contracts expire while Cesar Azpilicueta could be allowed to leave despite a contract extension, and Marcos Alonso has also been linked with a move back to Spain. One player that could be joining Tuchel at Chelsea is Dembele’s international team-mate Jules Kounde, who is expected to join the club once Boehly’s proposed acquisition is officially finalised. Kounde, like Dembele, had been linked with the Blues last season and it is claimed that Chelsea will need to pay £51million in order to sign the Sevilla defender. Less than a week ago Xavi expressed his desire for Dembele to stay in Barcelona, who have strongly been linked with Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski themselves. Xavi said: “Negotiations are ongoing and we are going to be optimistic. I hope he can stay, he has helped us a lot during the last six months. "He is a decisive player with lots of assists and he has been excellent in many games. When he hasn't played, we've missed him. He is a football player that I like and we'd like to stay, but we will have to see.”