Question of Sport viewers were baffled to see BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty and BBC Radio 1 DJ Jordan North join the show's line-up on Friday evening. Host Paddy McGuinness told viewers about Naga's interest in golf and Jordan's penchant for Burnley FC. However, many people hit out on social media over the guests' appearance as neither are "sports personalities".    The guests on the latest instalment of the sports programme for Sam Quek's team included Naga and motorcycle racer, Carl Fogarty. Ugo Monye's team was made up of Jordan and British sprinter Nethaneel Joseph Mitchell-Blake. Paddy welcomed Jordan to the show as basketball legend Michael Jordan as a joke. He later said Jordan was a huge Burnley FC supporter before turning to Ryder Cup fan Naga.  READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay involved in Underworld takeover Paddy revealed to viewers Naga has previously won Celebrity Mastermind with her golfing knowledge. She scored an impressive 12 points with her knowledge of Ryder Cup matches since 1979. Paddy said: "A lot of people would have been surprised by that." Naga said she was "really good at cramming" information in, but admitted she has a "goldfish brain" as she struggles to retain information.  As the quiz got underway, many Question of Sport fans took to Twitter to vent their frustration over the choice of guests. Annie fumed: "Since when are Naga and Jordan North sports personalities? #questionofsport" Barry Layen added: "Naga is not a sportsperson just as McGuinness is not a sports host." Chris raged: "Just put @QuestionofSport on for the first time on yonks. Naga Munchetty and Jordan North [are] guests. How to ruin a once-great show. #questionofsport"  DON'T MISS...Question of Sport viewers lash out over 'soulless' series [REACTION]Question of Sport backlash as fans slam 'format' change [LATEST]Paddy McGuinness looks unrecognisable with long curls in 90s snap [MUST SEE] Ryan Taylor sarcastically penned: "What sport did she compete in?" Despite the backlash, other viewers seemed to enjoy Jordan and Naga's input with Heather directly tweeting the northern presenter: "Hope you beat Fogarty’s team." Keith McKerracher told Naga: "@TVNaga01 Nice surprise to see you on Question of Sport Naga. The result was so close. Thought it may have gone to extra time and penalties." Sam's team struggled to answer a mix of questions and at one point Naga said: "I just think this is a trick question."  By the end of the episode, Paddy revealed Sam's team had scored nine points, but Ugo's team had racked up 10 points. Ugo rose to his feet to celebrate his team's victory, with Paddy adding: "That was a tough one, that was a tricky one." Sam and her teammates applauded Ugo's team despite being visibly frustrated over their loss. Question of Sport continues next Friday at 8pm on BBC One.