Dan Walker was grimacing last night as he shared all about the car's mishap on his Instagram stories. The presenter hadn't bargained for his tense "travel-related issues" as he contemplated being stranded on the M40 for much of the evening. The BBC presenter was anxiously awaiting his last ever shift on the BBC Breakfast sofa as he prepared for his move to Channel 5. "Thank you for all the gorgeous messages sent through about my final shift tomorrow," he shared from the driving seat of his car as he filmed for Instagram Stories. I'm looking forward to it if I actually manage to get there," he quipped. "I'm currently at some service station on the M40 trying to charge my electric vehicle! "Having some travel-related issues and need to get it up to a significant enough charge to get me all the way to Manchester! READ NOW: Holly Willoughby stuns fans as she strips off for selfie after shower "I might get there very late tonight and I'm planning on two and a half hours sleep. "So if I look a little befuddled in the morning, that's the reason why," he assured viewers. "Be lovely if you could join us though. We're on from six o'clock!" He promised viewers "lots" of news and interviews during his momentous final shift, adding that it would give him "the chance to say goodbye". "Thank you for everything over the last six years or so," he announced, emotionally, in view of his 274,000 followers. He updated everyone while laughing nervously that his car was currently at just 48 per cent charge. "I need a bit more boost before I can cut loose," he joked. Clearly, his last-minute car charging techniques had proved successful, as the next slide in his Instagram Stories saw him making the epic "final stroll" into work. DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley reflects on 'hideous grief' of only son's suicide [UPDATE] Alicia Silverstone says son tried to 'passionately kiss' her [LATEST] Michael Douglas' son Cameron made emotional confession on family [INSIGHT] He seemed barely affected by his severely diminished sleep pattern, smiling as he raved about the "glorious morning" in Salford, with sunny weather expected ahead. "For those asking how did I get here safely, I did just two hours and 46 minutes sleep!" he chuckled. "Not the best prep for the final day, but hopefully going to be a fun one!" Dan was grinning even more broadly when he arrived inside the studios and was emotionally greeted by colleague Sally Nugent. Sally looked well rested, dressed in black and red with a decorative bow on one shoulder of her top. "Come on Sally, one last time on the Breakfast sofa - powerful trousers, Sally!" Dan exclaimed as he admired the flash of bright red colour, Dan, who told of his reasons for leaving in a Twitter video posted last month, had earlier admitted: "It is going to be weird not sitting next to Sally on the sofa in the morning!" He added: "I'll also miss the extraordinary connection with the BBC Breakfast audience."