Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has opened up on chats with the club's owners after signing a new contract. The Spaniard has penned a new deal to keep him at the Emirates until the end of the 2024/25 season. Arsenal currently sit fourth in the Premier League table as the club aim to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. There are still four matches of the season remaining but the Kroenkes have seen it fit to offer Arteta a new deal, with his previous one set to expire in just over a year's time. Arteta has revealed the discussions he has held with majority shareholder Stan Kroenke and his son and director Josh Kroenke. He says the duo have "always delivered" what they have promised and is delighted to extend his stay at the club. Speaking to the official Arsenal website, Arteta said: “I’m excited, grateful and really, really happy today. When I spoke to Josh [Kroenke] he could see the club at the same point and he wanted to take the club the way I wanted to do it. READ MORE: Chelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement  "So everything that he’s said, and that Stan [Kroenke] has said when I’ve been together with both of them, they’ve always delivered. We want to take the club to the next level and to compete really with the top teams. "In order to do that, we have to be playing in the Champions League. We have to be able to evolve the team, improve our players, improve all departments, generate even more connection with our fans, improve the atmosphere at the Emirates, be able to recruit top, top talent and the best people for this club to drive this project to that level.” Arsenal have also announced a new contract to Arsenal Women manager Jonas Eidevall. Josh Kroenke outlined why he and his father decided to give the duo new deals. DON'T MISSMan Utd's price tag for Marcus Rashford exit speaks volumes about him [OPINION]Five players who could be starring for Arsenal now had Gunners not sacked Unai Emery [COMMENT]Kylian Mbappe 'agrees' new PSG contract as Liverpool and Real Madrid dealt blow [RUMOUR]  The American said: “My father and I are delighted to have extended both Mikel’s and Jonas’ contracts. It provides stability and clarity for the future and helps us all move forward together effectively. “Mikel’s commitment and passion are clear for everyone to see. We are confident that as we move forward, he will get us back to competing for the top trophies in the game. “Turning to Jonas, he has had a fantastic start to his career in England. He has done a terrific job with the team, and we are in contention for the title on the last weekend. We are confident that he will continue to take us forward in the years ahead.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here  