By uniting behind the brave Ukrainian people, we have helped them to push Russian forces back from Kyiv and deny Vladimir Putin the victory he longed to celebrate at this week’s parade in Moscow. But Putin has not given up his vainglorious quest to seize Ukraine. The battle for the Donbas is raging as Russian troops bear down on the East and South. If Putin wins, he will set his sights on greater swathes of Ukraine and won't relent until the whole country is under his control. He is gambling that the free world’s desire to stop him cannot rival his determination to bring Ukraine to heel. We have proved Russia wrong so far and will do so again. It is now clear that Putin cannot and will not break or subjugate Ukraine. But we must go further - the strategic and moral imperative for us all is that Ukraine wins. I am urging our allies to do more to ensure Ukraine gets what it needs, from heavy weapons such as tanks and airplanes to ammunition and other supplies. The best long-term security for Ukraine will come from it being able to defend itself against any future aggression. That is why the UK is working with Poland through our joint commission to equip Ukraine with NATO-standard weapons. We must also continue to starve Putin’s war machine of funding by sanctioning more of those bankrolling his aggression, from oligarchs and banks to energy, gold and service industries. We must relentlessly ramp up the pressure for as long as Putin’s troops remain in Ukraine. We do not seek regime change in Moscow. But let me be clear: a weakened Russia is the consequence of Putin’s decision to launch an unprovoked invasion. The G7 must keep up the economic pressure. The sanctions straitjacket must be kept on while Putin’s troops are in Ukraine and peace is under threat. We must push ahead with plans to end Europe’s dependency on Russian oil and gas to ensure they can never again be used as leverage. We cannot forget the barbarism inflicted on Ukraine, from the levelling of cities like Mariupol to the slaughter, rape and torture of innocent civilians in towns like Bucha. That is why we are working to provide humanitarian aid and hold those responsible for these atrocities to account. We will drive a landmark reconstruction effort, while in the immediate term continuing to provide the fiscal support Ukraine needs to continue its heroic fight against Russia. The invasion of Ukraine has demonstrated the power of free nations, and the weakness of autocracies. Authoritarian regimes such as Russia believe in command, control and coercion. But we stand with our allies for a world where nations are free to decide their future, trade fairly and prosper. In the wake of Putin’s invasion, we stepped up alongside our G7 partners and others to use our economic muscle to impose severe costs. We need to build on such clarity of purpose by establishing an economic security council, bringing together an international coalition of the willing in defence of our collective prosperity. We need to develop a new economic toolkit comprising every lever at our disposal, from technology and defence to development and sanctions. At the same time, we need to herald a fundamental shift in economic geography by championing our offer as honest and reliable partners in free trade and investment for low and middle-income countries. Our approach must learn from the lessons of Ukraine. We can never again allow aggressors to believe there is any benefit in belligerence. Inaction is too often the greatest provocation. Security is global and so we must work to support all those states who seek to preserve their freedom and sovereignty, starting with those in our neighbourhood. As Finland and Sweden progress towards NATO applications, the UK stands ready with our allies to welcome them into the fold swiftly should they apply to join and we have assured their security during this process. We are working with our Allies to reinforce NATO’s Eastern Flank and modernise its forces so that our alliance can take on the full range of threats to European security. As Ukraine battles for its future, we are stepping up with our allies in support. However long it takes, we will not rest until the Ukrainian people prevail. In doing so, we will forge ahead in the fight for a freer, better and safer world.