The Queen missed the State Opening of Parliament for the first time in nearly 60 years on Tuesday and announced last week her absence from Buckingham Palace’s summer garden parties. The 96-year-old monarch has been forced to miss out on numerous engagements outside palace walls since late October 2021, due to her health and mobility issues. She is often pictured using a walking stick, but is reported to be “too proud” to use a wheelchair in public. She previously ruled out the use of a wheelchair to attend her late husband Prince Philip’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey in March, instead being escorted by her second son Prince Andrew. However, Express.co.uk readers have begged the Queen to make an appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony on June 2. In response to a recent poll asking if the Platinum Jubilee balcony appearance should go ahead if the Queen can't attend, readers shared their thoughts on the Queen using a wheelchair. One user, David in Vancouver said: “[I’d] rather see Her Majesty in a wheelchair than not at all.” Username Fedupandbored said: “[It] would be weird if the Queen wasn't on the balcony to celebrate her Platinum. Use a wheelchair, Ma’am.” And username VICUSA said: “There isn't any reason the Queen can't use a wheelchair, there isn't any shame.” Meanwhile, username menhir said: “If the main problem is Her Majesty’s mobility and length of time standing issue, could a podium for the Queen's wheelchair not be erected on the balcony? “The chair would be mainly out of sight of anyone looking up, but would ease the Queen's discomfort.” The public has been told to assume that the Queen will not be at events, with confirmation of attendance given on the day. Royal commentator Christopher Biggins told GB News in March that the Queen does not want to show her weakness in public. He claimed: “I have heard the reason she's not doing a lot of the events she should be doing is because she's in a wheelchair. She doesn't want to be seen, because she's very proud. He added: “She's very proud and she's been like this for the whole of her life. She's been the most wonderful monarch.” Former politician and writer Gyles Brandreth said on an episode of This Morning in March: “The Queen is 96, that is the thing to remember, a 96-year-old lady, amazingly fit by the standards of many 96 years olds. “She is extraordinary, she is a little bit less mobile than she used to be that is as simple as that also she doesn't like the idea of being seen in public and in a wheelchair. “Her sister Princess Margaret was often towards the end of her life photographed in a wheelchair, and it felt a little bit undignified.” The Queen is said to be determined to keep walking for as long as possible but experts claim she may use a ‘mobility scooter’ behind closed doors. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan poised for 'damage control' as William shows 'regret' [UPDATE]Meghan Markle speaks out for overworked working mothers who ‘shoulder so much’ [REPORT]GB News: Panellists clash over ‘disrespectful’ calls for Queen to lose perks ‘Incredible’ [LATEST] Robert Jobson, royal editor for Australian television channel Sunrise said in March: “We’re not 100 percent sure she has been using a wheelchair. “I would have thought it would have been a lot easier to get from place to place. It’s quite a normal thing to have, or may even be one of those mobility scooters.” Whether she chooses to walk or use a wheelchair, royal expert Neil Sean said that the Queen is determined to appear on the balcony alongside the rest of the Royal Family. Speaking on his YouTube channel Neil Sean's Daily News Headlines, he said: “What I am assured is that whatever happens, Her Majesty The Queen sees this [the balcony appearance] as a basic thing that she would wish to do for the Commonwealth, for her public, for her subjects. “She really wants to make sure that we get that opportunity to see her on this very special and auspicious occasion.”