While the cost of living crisis is impacting millions, that hasn’t stopped people from prioritising their money and saving up for a holiday. Whether it’s abroad in a sunny climate, or a staycation somewhere in Britain, Which? has shared its top tips for slashing hundreds of pounds from the cost of going on holiday. Despite increased demand and a further relaxation in Covid testing rules, Which? found that the average cost of flights to Europe has decreased in price since 2019. The average cost of a summer holiday flight from the UK to Europe this August - booked in March 2022 - was just £92 compared to £182 in March 2019. When the consumer champion compared six individual routes from London Stansted to popular European holiday destinations, including Venice and Barcelona, they found all six were significantly cheaper in 2022. Take the time to research and compare prices on websites, travel agents and airlines. It is worth browsing online comparison sites for longer stays in hotels, as the cumulative savings can be substantial. In 2021 Which? investigated the best and worst comparison sites and found that consumers could make substantial savings on lengthier bookings by using one of the sites. Trivago found the best prices most consistently, but Kayak, Skyscanner, TravelSupermarket and TripAdvisor also performed well. READ MORE: TUI holiday warning - 'Book sooner rather than later' For most airlines, passengers needn’t waste money by paying extra to sit together on an aeroplane. The research found that a group of four people could expect to pay up to £192 to reserve standard seats together on certain flights. However, of those surveyed, 95 percent of short-haul passengers who didn't pay extra said they were given seats together anyway. It’s only worth paying for seat selection if flying with Ryanair or Wizz Air. Of the four major airlines, Ryanair is the most likely to split up passengers around the plane if they don't pay extra for an allocated seat, according to the research. DON'T MISS...Jet2 travellers using Manchester Airport warned about terminal changes [NEWS]Passport warning issued for EU holidays - Spain, Portugal, France [LATEST]Can you take food on planes? Tui, BA, easyJet rules in full [DETAILS] Using comparison sites to check prices and locations is a good place to start but don’t be afraid to contact the hotel or B&B directly. Which? found that holidaymakers can often get even better rates or perks like free breakfasts or Champagne on arrival by booking directly. Choosing the right destination can have a big impact on holiday budgets, but research found top-rated destinations with an average hotel rate of £100 per night or less. All of the seaside towns and villages included in the investigation had an average hotel rate of £100 or less and were rated at least 70 percent. Llandudno, Conwy; Filey, North Yorkshire; Lynmouth, Devon; Berwick-upon-Tweed, Northumberland and Tynemouth, Tyne and Wear, were ranked by Which?. It might be more convenient to visit popular sites throughout the day, but visitors might be able to get free admission by opting for off-peak times and less popular days of the week instead, saving up to €16 per person. For example, some museums in Paris, including the Louvre, offer free entry on the first Sunday of each month, which would save €15 on the price of a ticket. Similarly, entry to the Vatican museum - €16 - is free to enter on the last Sunday of the month. The Prado museum in Madrid which costs €15 is free every evening from 6pm-8pm and Sundays 5pm-7pm. For those staying closer to home, many UK national galleries and museums are free to enter. Which? members gave high ratings to: St. Fagans National Museum of History in Cardiff, Beamish: The Living Museum of the North in County Durham, National Railway Museum in York, Royal Air Force Museum in Cosford, Shropshire and the National Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh. Rory Boland, Editor of Which? Travel said: “Despite demand and fuel costs rising, prices for flights to many places in Europe remain low, so don’t assume that a holiday in the sun is out of reach this year. “Comparing prices including new airlines that have recently launched, booking at the right time or going direct to a hotel could end up slashing hundreds of pounds off the cost of a trip abroad. “If you’re planning on staying in the UK, there’s no need to pay over the odds for your holiday. “Which? surveys have revealed there are fantastic bucket and spade resorts on the UK coastline where a hotel room can cost less than £100 a night.”