It is part of an initiative to mark the Platinum Jubilee by planting a tree organised by The Queen's Green Canopy. Writing on Twitter the QGC unveiled the "Tree of Trees" outside Buckingham Palace.  They said: "We are proud to unveil the QGC ‘Tree of Trees’. "As a centrepiece of the #PlatinumJubilee celebrations, the Tree stands tall as a message of hope, regeneration & optimism to the nation & the world. "Created by talent from across the UK, the materials to be reused & recycled." Royal Journalist Victoria Murphy confirmed that the "incredible sculpture" will be illuminated.  Writing on Twitter Ms Murphy said the tree would be lit up when Jubilee beacons are lit up across the nation on Thursday, June 2. She said: "It’s the Tree of Trees outside Buckingham Palace! This incredible sculpture was completed today to mark the @QGCanopy initiative. "It will be illuminated as the Principal Beacon when jubilee beacons are lit next Thursday for the Platinum Jubilee." The Tree of Trees is a huge sculpture made up of 350 British native trees in order to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Andrew be allowed back to royal duties? At 70 feet the sculpture will tower over the Palace gates during the four day bank holiday weekend. Created by British designer Thomas Heatherwick, it symbolises the planting of more than a million Jubilee trees as part of the Queen’s Green Canopy (QGC) initiative marking Her Majesty's 70 years on the throne. Joyful royal fans were left ecstatic with delight on Twitter about news of the Tree of Trees unveiling. Excited Twitter user, @andywigmore, wrote: "Absolutely brilliant." DON'T MISS:  Kate and William's love story not expected to last after university [REVEAL] Royal Family LIVE: Meghan blasted for 'degrading' public' gesture [INSIGHT] Kate left 'in stitches' when mistaken for Prince William's assistant   [SPOTLIGHT]  Meanwhile @JHBaweja added: "That’s beautiful! So creative!" A third royal fan, @Canuckabroad3, commented: "Absolutely beautiful." Another, @Hannahcjg, said: "That's amazing." While @Elizabe65243369 commented: "A beautiful treasure from the people of the United Kingdom!" The special commemorative tree also left royal fans on Instagram buzzing. Twitter user @southendstreettrees wrote: "Great stuff!" 