Thrill seekers can now face the world’s longest glass bottomed bridge. The Bach Long Bridge in Vietnam is 2,073ft long. The Bach Long or ‘White Dragon’ beach is located in Vietnam’s northern Son La province and takes the title of the world’s longest bridge. The previous record holder was a 526m long bridge located in Guangdong Province in China. Daring visitors will be able to enjoy jaw-dropping views of the Moc Chau Island Mountain Park and Resort. The terrifying bridge curves around mountainsides and finally spans a valley between two peaks. READ MORE: Simon Calder shares how to find good deals Made from French tempered glass, the bridge can support 450 daring visitors at once. Hoang Manh Duy, a representative of the bridge operator, said: “When standing on the bridge, travellers will be able to admire the beauty of nature.” Tourism representatives are hoping the eye-catching bridge will entice visitors back to Vietnam after a pandemic hiatus. The Bach Long Bridge is the country’s third glass bridge although it is arguably the most impressive. A resident told AFP: “I hope the bridge will lure more domestic and international tourists to our area.” Some brave tourists were pictured lying on the bridge while a baby was enough of a daredevil to crawl on it. British tourists looking to test their nerves closer to home could travel to Czechia to visit the Sky Bridge 721. The world’s longest suspension footbridge, the bridge is 721m long and traverses a mountainside forest. Suspended 95m above sea level, only the bravest tourists are likely to attempt to cross the bridge. The jaw-dropping bridge took two years to build and is expected to become a tourist highlight in Czechia. Adventure travel is popular among Britons with many attempting activities such as white water rafting and bungee jumping. In the UK, daring Britons can try bouldering or caving while the Lake District offers many adventurous activities. Britons will need to provide proof of a negative Covid test to travel to Vietnam. A PCR test can be done within 72 hours of travel while an antigen test should be done within 24 hours of travel. British tourists can visit Vietnam for 15 days at a time without needing to apply for a visa. Britons do not need to provide proof of vaccination or take a test to travel to Czechia for a holiday. They no longer need to wear a mask in public transport but will need one in healthcare facilities.