Italexit, which was founded after its leader Gianluigi Paragone split from Guiseppe Conte's Five Star Movement in 2020, could contest its first general election in 2023 when Italians go to the polls to elect members to the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate. There are currently just four Italexit politicians in the Italian Senate, including Mr Paragone. However, the party could look to benefit from a recent boost in the polls after the polling aggregation company Europe Elects claimed support for Italexit reached an all-time record high in a recent opinion poll. The survey, conducted by Ipsos for the Milan-based newspaper Corriere della Sera, spoke to 1,000 voters about how they would vote at the next election. Italexit received the backing of 4.2 percent of respondents, which is roughly the same level of support currently given to the rebranded Brexit Party in the UK. According to Europe Elects, the party's full name is No Europa per l’Italia – Italexit con Paragone and it is strongly opposed to EU integration. JUST IN: Putin humiliated again as Ukraine ambush 'forces chief commander to flee country' - VIDEO  However, while other Eurosceptic parties are seen to lean to the right, Italexit is said to have a "diverse" political orientation. Responding to the recent opinion poll, Mr Paragone said on Twitter: "Support has almost doubled in the last month: no party is growing as much as Italexit." The centre-left Partito Democratico 21 percent could be set to top a national vote for the first time as they emerged as the frontrunners with 21 percent of the vote. Fratelli d'Italia, known in English as the Brothers of Italy, look set to have a massive boost since they received 4.4 percent in 2018 as Ipso suggested one-in-five Italians could back Giorgia Meloni's far-right party. READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat dismantled as Russia would be 'wiped out' Lega, which is headed up by the Eurosceptic former Deputy Prime Minister Mateo Salvini, finished in third place in the poll on 17 percent. But the Five Star Movement has lost more than half of its support since they claimed victory in the 2018 general election on just 15 percent. Forza Italia, which is led by former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, has seen its support collapse since it received 47 percent of the vote in 2008 to register just 9 percent. However, an opinion poll in 2020 also suggested Mr Paragone's party could benefit from Italian ambivalence toward the European Union. DON'T MISS:Queen's Platinum Jubilee absence would 'solve the problem of Harry' [ANALYSIS]Putin's nuclear threat dismantled as Russia would be 'wiped out' [INTERVIEW]Beatrice and Eugenie shut out of roles despite brokering Harry visit [VIDEO] According to EuroNews, 31 percent of Italians said they would vote to leave the Brussels bloc if a vote was held on Rome's membership. However, even though 43 percent of respondents said they would vote to remain, support for the EU was lower in Italy than in any other 'Big Four' nation. Germany, which ultimately helped lay the foundations of the EU when it established the Coal and Steel Community with France, registered the largest lead with 67 percent supporting the bloc and just 20 percent voicing opposition. However, France has proved to be one of the more Eurosceptic members after 42 percent of voters backed the far-right populist Marine Le Pen in the 2022 Presidential Election.