Carlos Alcaraz will be forced to do battle with Daniil Medvedev, Alexander Zverev and Stefanos Tsitsipas to become the next dominant star in men's tennis over the next decade or so, according to two-time French Open runner-up and Warner Bros. Discovery expert Alex Corretja. Alcaraz has emerged as one of the sport's biggest names over the last few months after experiencing a rapid rise to prominence and beating the likes of Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic on his way to this year's Madrid Open title. Alcaraz will be hoping to make the most of his newly-found winning momentum by producing a strong showing at this year's French Open, which is set to get underway in Paris on Sunday. Corretja believes that although the 19-year-old has every chance of emerging as the next big thing in tennis when Nadal, Djokovic and Roger Federer finally decide to call time on their respective careers at the highest level, he will face no shortage of competition from a number of other budding talents in order to become the defining star of the sport's new era."He will be one of the dominating guys on the Tour but I don’t think he will be the only one," Corretja told Express Sport when quizzed on Alcaraz's future prospects."We’ve got Medvedev, Zverev, Tsitsipas, all the others coming very strong as well. The difference between him and the others is that he just shows up at 19 and all of a sudden he’s breaking records and winning titles, which for the others it took a little longer. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu’s struggles on clay explained ahead of French Open "I think that’s why we feel that he might be a little bit different. Also the way he’s playing, the way he’s dominating, has been very impressive and that’s why everybody’s thinking he will be the next dominating guy on the Tour. I think he needs to go step-by-step, he’s doing unbelievable."To know how far he can go as far as winning Slams, it’s literally impossible to know because you never know what’s going to happen on his mind over the next five or six years. Maybe he’s winning six Slams and he’s like: ‘Okay, I’m good enough’."I do feel that he is very ambitious but at the same time he’s very humble, which is very important as well. He knows how difficult it is to win tournaments and to win matches. "He’s such a star because he’s very natural but at the same time he has got so much self-confidence, believing that he can do well. He’s got the potential because he’s got great variation and these days, probably what is missing is that not everybody has got variation."Everybody plays very similar and that’s why Alcaraz is all of a sudden different, that’s why he’s breaking all the records. It depends on him because the weapons he’s got on his repertoire is bigger than many of the opponents."Alcaraz will begin his French Open campaign against a qualifier after he was handed a favourable opening tie in Thursday's first-round draw. The Spaniard finds himself in the same half as Djokovic and Nadal, though, meaning that he could face either player in the semi-finals if he manages to make it into the last four at Roland Garros.Watch every match from Roland Garros live and exclusive coverage on discovery+ and Eurosport.