Bradley Walsh welcomed four new contestants in the latest series of ITV’s The Chase on Monday. The team got off to a terrible start but quickly turned things around. However, the final contestant to face Anne ‘The Governess’ Hegerty showed her frustration when she didn’t bring back £65,000 to the jackpot.   Chris sailed through his cash builder round with £7,000 but was unable to defeat Anne. Callum followed suit, leaving Sue faced with the challenge of earning the first spot in the final. Luckily, she added £5,000 to the jackpot before the final contestant Emily earned £6,000 in her cash builder round. In the usual fashion, Bradley asked Sue to advise her teammate on the offer she should pick. Read more: Mark Labbett jokes about friendship with Chaser Anne Hegerty     Giving Emily her blessing to take the lower offer, Sue said: “I need you here, it's up to you.” “I think as Sue said she needs me back and I need her as much so for that reason I’m going to go for £1,000,” Emily told Bradley. “I think it’s very important to get back. You can’t do anything if you don’t get back,” Anne commented. However, Emily went on to regret her decision as she sailed through her head-to-head.    With just one question left and three spaces between herself and Anne, Emily remarked: “£65,000, Bradley!” The contestant went on to defeat Anne and secure her place in the final. Comforting the player, the host said: “I know but you know what? You look at the last three head to heads, two went out and Sue was down to the wire.” “Sometimes it’s the way it works so how do we know?” Bradley added. DON'T MISSAnne Hegerty: The Chase star forced to fight off muggers [INSIGHT]The Chase player sparks frenzy with incorrect Yorkshire answer [VIDEO]Bradley Walsh issues warning to The Chase player during tense round [INSIGHT]    “I’m happy with it,” Emily said and the host agreed: “Absolutely and so you should be. “It’s great, you’re through, two is better than one that’s for sure.” The Chase viewers shared their frustration with Emily’s offer as @Basweld1 tweeted: “She will be kicking herself for a while after that. Should have gone high..#thechase.” @Dayjur11 added: “She had her mind made up to go low from the start. Why bother applying for #TheChase if that's all you're going to do?”     @SenorApple2014 wrote: “Sigh. I should've known there'd be a robbery here. #TheChase.” “Low offer disapointing #thechase,” @arthursummersel simply noted. (sic) Sue and Emily scored 14 in the final chase but this was not enough to outsmart Anne. The Chase airs on ITV on weekdays at 5pm.   