Rodney (played by Patrick Mower) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Emmerdale recently, with the Casanova of the village making barely any appearances now. However, he was drafted in for the latest episode of the ITV soap which saw him discussing the heartache of Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) being taken back into hospital. Mary (Louise Jameson) shared a scene with him in the mid-week instalment but her reluctance to delve too deep into a conversation could hint they have a past which he has no idea about. The moment came as Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) was talking to his father, Bear Wolf (Joshua Richards, about feeling lonely in the village. Attempting to lift the former wrestler's spirits, the vet told his father he should make more friends, one possible candidate being Mary. He picked up on a spark between Rhona Goskirk's (Zoe Henry) mother and Bear and so Paddy encouraged the beloved character to spend more time with her. However, it seemed Rodney also had his eye on the newcomer as he tried to chat her up whilst she was ordering a drink at the café. "Mary, how are you?" he asked, to which the customer bluntly replied: "I'm ok," making the atmosphere somewhat awkward. READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' "And how's Marlon?" the lothario continued, with Mary telling him: "He's got a fight on his hands. I've dragged Rhona home for a sleep but she's desperate to get back." Taking the opportunity to flirt with the newcomer, Rodney said: "Well, you must have an awful lot of time on your hands what with her being up at the hospital all the time." "It doesn't really bother me," Rhona's mother replied, seemingly trying to avoid any advances the man behind the counter was trying to make. "Well, if there is anything I can do. If you need company, any night count me in," the persistent villager added, making it clear what his intentions were. Deflecting this invitation, Mary simply commented: "I will just have a cup of coffee for now, if that is alright?" "Whatever you want," Rodney replied, thinking he had somewhat of a chance with Mary now he had voiced his attraction to her. Although this could have been a typical conversation between two characters, there could be more to it than meets the eye. The lack of an answer from Mary could suggest she has a grudge against Rodney, one she could have been holding onto for years. During her days as a young woman, way before she met Rhona's father, the newcomer could have fallen in love with a charming man. Although going under a different name at the time, this man could have been Rodney, who was enjoying his days as a single bachelor. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker left 'bruised and battered' after tough day [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock's emotional farewell as co-star leaves soap [COMMENT]Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!' [COMMENT] The pair could have struck up a romance and embarked on a passionate affair together, spending more and more time together which Rodney never usually did. Afraid of commitment, he could have turned down the chance to have a relationship with Mary and they would have never seen each other again. That is until decades later Mary turned up in the village and immediately recognised Rodney as the man who stole her heart. Unfortunately, it wouldn't have been the best of reunions as Rodney clearly has no idea who this woman from his past could be. Having been with many women in the past, he could have forgotten all about his former dalliance with Rhona's mother. However, how long would Mary be able to keep up the pretence she doesn't know Rodney and will she expose their past to everyone in the village? People wouldn't be shocked to hear such things, knowing exactly what the lothario of the village is like having witnessed many of his romantic endeavours in the past. What they might be disappointed to hear is he has no recollection of spending time with Mary in their youth, making out the newcomer is a liar. As he finally sits down and reflects on his past, he could realise exactly who Mary is and remember the time they spent together. He will have to grovel for the newcomer to accept his apology but will she give him another chance or has his luck run out? It seems this is a storyline which could play out over the next few months as the actress who plays Mary, Louise, has teased a long-term future for her character. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, she explained: "I've got all my toes and fingers crossed so it just depends on what the powers that be think, I would love to stay. "We're still moulding her, but she's a very push-pull kind of character. I think she probably suffers a little bit from narcissistic personality disorder. "I suspect she's going to get her finger in as many pies as possible, you know, sit on committees and gatecrash other people's parties. "And she's just got an opinion on everything that should be happening in the village, rather than what could be happening in the village." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.