CBS’ long-running procedural drama Blue Bloods came to an end this week as its season 12 finale hit the screens. After a groundbreaking revelation, the showrunner revealed the real reason Erin Reagan (played by Bridget Moynahan) was in the running for District Attorney.  Throughout this season fans watched as Erin battled with the decision to move up from her role as Assistant District Attorney. After much uncertainty, during the finale, she was finally able to open up to her family over dinner and make the huge announcement. As the episode was drawing to a close Erin told investigator Anthony Abetemarco (Steve Schirripa): “I didn’t just invite you for dinner just because we’re friends. She revealed: “I invited you also because I wanted you here when I told my family I’m throwing my hat in the ring for DA.” READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final Erin decided to take the plunge after her father, NYPD Commissioner Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck), came to blows with the current District Attorney, Kimberly Crawford (Roslyn Ruff). It began after Kimberly was committed to not prosecuting non-violent criminals as it threatened to throw Frank’s role as police commissioner into disarray. Although this was a reason to dislike her professionally, they initially butted heads after she became DA instead of Erin, who Frank had recommended. As a result, Frank was chuffed with Erin’s announcement at dinner. She added: “I guess I realised one of the reasons I wasn’t running was I may be afraid of losing, but I think if I have your love and support, I’ll be unbeatable.” This huge twist sets in place Erin’s storyline in the upcoming season and she will be forced to go head to head with her boss and rival Kimberly. Franks had been encouraging this change for a while as Erin had been an Assistant District Attorney for the past 12 seasons In an interview with Deadline, executive producer Kevin Wade shared the real reason it was time for Erin to shake things up. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Moira Barton and Faith Dingle [THEORY]Blue Bloods boss’ real reason behind Frank and Crawford feud [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods continuity error as fans spot missing Nicki wounds [BLUNDER] Wade disclosed: “We have played her under four or five DA’s, with whom she often clashed over principles as well as over ways and means. “So, for her character, the choice seemed to be: if you think you can do the job, then ask for it or otherwise, sit back down. “Time’s come for her to ask for it by announcing she’s running for the office.” Thankfully for fans, CBS renewed Blue Bloods for a 13th season in April, so viewers will definitely be seeing more from the family of law enforcement. The show has remained a huge success as the most-viewed show on Friday nights, averaging 9.81 million viewers during the season. It is also the fourth-most watched broadcast series, which contributed to its longevity on screens. A release date for season 13 has yet to be revealed, however, express.co.uk will be updated with new information. Blue Bloods is available on CBS. A UK release date has yet to be announced.