The 52-year-old, who has fronted hit BBC show The Repair Shop since it started in 2017, shared the sad story during his new Channel 5 series, There's No Place Like Home. The three-part programme sees Jay journeying around his childhood neighbourhood in Hackney to discover the history on his doorstep. While he was stunned by the history of the area, he also explored parts of his own past and revealed his father took all his mother's money from her before disappearing. As he revisited his childhood home, he explained: "When I was born my mum came to live here with my uncle. "My mum got pregnant with the man who contributed towards my birth and he left her high and dry. "[He] took all her money from her, said he was going to promise her this and that, and he didn't, he just disappeared." He added: "The time for my mum must have been quite desperate I would say. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh stunned as Chase player beats Jenny Ryan in tense round "There was loads of rubbish everywhere, there was rats." Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk about the new series, Jay explained he initially had his doubts. "They came up with it, the production company," he stated. "They've got some of the ideas bouncing around and what they said to me was, 'We want to take you back to Hackney and show you that.' "And I'm like, 'You can't teach me anything that I don't know about Hackney,' and they said, 'Yes we can,' and I said, 'No you can't.' "It went back and forth. I said, 'Prove me wrong then,' and then they proved me super wrong. "It's unbelievable what I discovered within Hackney. Just meeting my old mates, but also meeting historians that knew everything about it. "There's so much stuff that the normal person doesn't know that historians know." DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by Rolex value - but missed out on £6K [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts loses everything in scam [THEORY]ThisMorning guest breaks down over heartbreaking dognap [VIDEO] In the first instalment, Jay walked in his mother's footsteps to his old local market, discovering surprising stories about the places he thought he knew so well. "The most interesting thing was all of it, but for me, it was how much I did not know about Hackney," Jay revealed. "You live in an area for a certain amount of years, and you're saying to people 'I know that area, I know about that street and this one and a bit of the history.' "And when they start saying, 'Well it wasn't even part of London, it was leafy suburbs,' it's like, 'No it wasn't.' "Then you find out the history of Ridley Road and then the history of First World War bombs in your area, just up the road. "You're like, 'Wow,' so it's very hard to say which part I found the most interesting because all of it was interesting." Jay Blades: No Place like Home continues on Tuesday at 9pm on Channel 5.