Loose Women panellist Ruth Langsford joined James Martin on his weekend cooking show, James Martin's Saturday Morning, for the first time on Saturday. Despite the pair previously working together on This Morning, Ruth's busy schedule had kept her from appearing on the show. The old friends discussed Ruth's childhood, with the cooking host discovering that she had travelled the world at a very young age. The 63-year-old broadcaster joined James to talk about her career, all while having a glass of champagne. Talk Show host James was surprised to find out that Ruth had a jet setting childhood and had travelled extensively before her TV career started. The old friends were delighted to be reunited once again, as James pointed out that they last worked side-by-side together on This Morning was about "five and a half years ago." He also stated cooking and presenting on that ITV show was "one of the scariest things" he had ever done. Read More: 'I should have complained’ Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ imitation  Ruth was born in Singapore, and her sister was born in Germany, with the family often uprooting and moving to a new army base due to her dad's career. When asked if it was difficult, the star replied: "We didn't know anything else really. You just knew, because we were all kind service kids, you just knew that is what you did. "Hence why I eventually went to boarding school, which a lot of service children do because your parents think, you know that 'It's not so good dragging around to so many different schools.'" Ruth attended a boarding school in London, and when her father left the army after 23 years of service, they relocated to Cornwall.  Moving to the "small fishing village of Cawsand" the star made her first steps towards building a career in TV. She admitted: "[I was a ] very very directionless teenager. I flunked school." The TV personality went on to reveal that she didn't have "a clue" what she wanted to do and was an "aimless teenager", but her mother recommended that she do a "secretary course". While working at "Westward Television" with hopes of becoming a "floor manager," she was given the opportunity to be a "continuity presenter" where she shared information on each show while programmes when to advert breaks - and this, in the end, launched her TV presenter career. DON’T MISS…Bradley Walsh gobsmacked as The Chase player beats Jenny Ryan in nail-biting round [LATEST]Raj Bisram wife: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married?[LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Lydia West as star drops hint? [LATEST] Although well-loved by the nation, some viewers of the show wanted to see a different guest sitting with James. @julie_anndavies tweeted: "@sat_jamesmartin Oh joy, Ruth Langsford is on TV. Again! I'm sure she is lovely, but she is everywhere, all the time and it's getting mundane... New faces please :)" @ShinwellAlan said: "Ruth Langsford is lovely, but we would love to know how James made the Ragu without having to look it up." @del477 added: "No #saturdayjamesmartin in this house today. Cannot effing stand Ruth Langsford!! TV royalty, my a**e..." While on the programme, Ruth also spoke about her excitement and "nerves" over her live show Feeling Fabulous. The event will take place at Old Billingsgate in London and is described as: "Packed full of entertaining stage talks, fashion edits, interactive workshops, inspiring brands and of course, bubbles!" James Martin Saturday Morning airs Saturday from 9:25am on ITV.