A car has also been covered in a green waterproof sheet. Eyewitnesses in the Merseyside town of St Helens said there was blood on the floor. The cordoned off road is at the junction of Jubits Lane and Walkers Lane.  Police cars are in attendance and a force helicopter has been circling overhead. Liverpool Echo reporter Aaron Curran spoke to local residents. One said: "It’s horrible, you don’t want to hear of anyone getting hurt I’ve never seen so many people on this street.” Mr Curran reported that another resident heard "two women screaming" at around 8am this morning. Another resident describing the parked vehicle is reported to have seen "blood all over the ground".  Mr Curran reported that another resident heard, "two women screaming" at around 8am this morning. Another resident describing the parked vehicle is reported to have seen "blood all over the ground". Drivers in the area have been turned back towards Lea Green station when they try to approach Jubits Lane, as it still remains cordoned off. Merseyside Police has said a 22-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing.   Officers were called just before 7.35am today (Sunday) to a report of a 23-year-old man being assaulted on Jubits Lane. Detective Inspector Laura Lamping said: “It is shocking to discover a man has been stabbed in a residential area at this time of the morning, and we will do everything in our power to make sure anyone who carries, stores or uses knives in this way is put before the courts to face justice. “Detectives investigating this incident have made a swift arrest, and having spoken to witnesses we are following some very positive lines of enquiry. But we are still keen to hear from anyone else who might have been in the area at the time to come forward with information. “No-one should fall victim to knife crime and your information or evidence could prove vital as our efforts continue to take knives and those who use them off our streets. “We continue to devote significant resources and conduct targeted operations across Merseyside to rid our streets of knife crime. “I would urge anyone thinking about carrying a knife to think again, and spare yourself and others the risk of serious injury, and save yourself time in police custody. “It is simply not worth the risk, because we are out on patrols, conducting stop searches, executing warrants and arresting suspects, or searching land and homes where we believe knives have been stored every single day.” Anyone with information is asked to contact Merseyside Police via their social media desk on Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook ‘Merseyside Police Contact Centre’. You can also call 101 quoting incident reference 22000332849, or contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information. 