Many of the nation’s favourite broadcasters will star in a wall-to-wall programming extravaganza to mark the momentous occasion. Kirsty Young returns to the BBC for the first time since 2018 to anchor the full weekend’s event and will be joined by presenters including Huw Edwards, Clare Balding, AJ Odudu and Roman Kemp, as well as Anita Rani. Highlights in the jam-packed schedule of programmes to mark The Queen’s extraordinary 70-year reign include new documentary The Crown Jewels presented by Clive Myrie and The Queens Jubilee Pudding: 70 Years in the Baking with Mary Berry. And Young and Kemp will lead live coverage of the eagerly-anticipated Platinum Party at the Palace, which will bring together the world’s biggest entertainers including Ed Sheeran and Cliff Richard to perform for a night of musical tributes. Reporters stretched across the UK including Jermaine Jenas at Buckingham Palace, Gethin Jones in Wales, Carol Kirkwood in Scotland, and Holly Hamilton in Northern Ireland. The broadcaster says special programming across its TV, radio and online networks will start in the coming days leading up to the grand climax on Sunday June 5th.  Shows include special Jubilee Bargain Hunt and The Repair Shop editions and a Songs of Praise Jubilee extravaganza. Kirsty Young said: “I’m delighted to be back on the BBC for such an historic, unique, and happy event.  It’s going to be quite a weekend and our coverage will bring viewers everywhere a front row seat at the celebrations.  I can’t wait!” Clive Myrie added: “It's been a really powerful journey of discovery for me finding out more about the amazing crown jewels, their importance to the monarchy and their role in the complex history of our islands.” BBC chief content officer Charlotte Moore said: “The BBC is marking The Queen’s momentous Platinum Jubilee in spectacular style with an unprecedented range of special programming. “In celebration of Her Majesty’s seventy years of service the BBC will bring the people of the UK together with something for everyone to commemorate this historic anniversary culminating on the extended bank holiday weekend.”