According to Tripadvisor rankings, Kleopatra Beach is Turkey’s best rated beach. The beautiful spot is located in Alanya on the Turkish Riviera. Kleopatra beach is in Turkey’s Antalya region which is one of the country’s most popular tourist destinations. Named after the Egyptian Queen, Cleopatra is said to have bathed in the beach’s stunning waters. Ideal for water sports enthusiasts, Britons can try scuba diving, surfing, parasailing and kite surfing at the sunny spot. The beach’s promenade is also the perfect place to find a bite or enjoy an ice-cream break in the sun. READ MORE: Meghan Markle must follow 'dozens of protocols' travelling to the UK One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “This is one of the best known beaches in Turkey and with good reason! “Long and wide beach, amazing sunsets. I was here in November and the ocean was still warm enough to swim comfortably.” Another said: “Kleopatra beach is the best beach in the Alanya region and one of the most famous in all Turkey. “It stretches along the western part of the town and is divided in sectors which are numbered. There’s plenty of sunbeds and umbrellas to rent.” Ilica Plaji was the second highest rated beach in Turkey on Tripadvisor. One visitor said: “The water was still and very clear.” The stunning spot is located in the resort town of Cesme, near to the buzzing city of Izmir on Turkey’s Aegean coast. Another visitor saiad: “Always sunny and turquoise waters in the summer, seabeds and shades for rent.” One said: “One of Cesme’s finest beaches. The waves can be quite high at times.” Turkey is normally heavily reliant on Russian and Ukrainian tourists and is likely to be impacted by the Russian invasion. In 2019, before the pandemic, seven million Russians visited Turkey but only two million may visit this year. However, the country is hoping to welcome huge numbers of British tourists this year. Britons were its third largest market in 2019. Andrew Flintham, managing director of TUI UK and Ireland told Express.co.uk: “Overall, Turkey, Greece and Egypt are currently the most sought-after hotspots this summer. “With such strong demand, those looking to enjoy a summer holiday this year should consider booking sooner rather than later to make sure they’re able to secure the holiday of their choice. “For those with flexibility in their travelling dates, it’s worth considering mid-week flights.” Fully vaccinated Britons can enter Turkey without taking a test or needing to quarantine on arrival. Britons who are not fully vaccinated will need to take a PCR or antigen test or show proof of a recent recovery.