Over the past couple of years, Rebel Wilson, 42, has been on a mission to overhaul her lifestyle and become the happiest and healthiest version of herself. As a result, the Australian actress has gone on to lose 5.7st or 80lbs and she has said she was inspired to do this by her desire to become a mother. Rebel has been extremely honest about wanting to become a mother and the possibility of freezing her eggs to do so. When she visited a fertility doctor, she was told she needed to get “healthier” before she started considering having a family. Rebel recalled during her interview with People magazine: “He looked me up and down and said: ‘You'd do much better if you were healthier.’ “I was taken aback. I thought: ‘Oh God, this guy's so rude.’ READ MORE: Nutritionist shares foods for women over 50 to lose weight  “He was right. I was carrying around a lot of excess weight.” It was “a future child’s needs” that “inspired” Rebel to change. The actress did insist there was no “goal to get to a certain weight”. Instead, her focus was on “being the healthiest version” of herself. DON'T MISS...Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall steps out in bright blue coat [PICTURES]Royal recipe: Queen’s favourite meal made with ‘lashings of cream [VIDEO]How to look younger: Get 'firm, tight-looking skin' in 4 steps [EXPERT] As for how Rebel lost so much weight, she kickstarted her journey with a visit to Vivamayr, a luxury medical centre and holistic retreat in Lake Altaussee, Austria. Following that, she got herself a personal trainer and increased her step count. In terms of diet, she also took control of her emotional eating habit. During an Instagram Live in late 2020, Rebel revealed she was in a deficit of “under 1,500 calories because of [her] body type”. However, once she arrived at 11.8st or 75kg she began transitioning “more into like a maintenance phase” where she consumed around 2,000/2,500 calories a day “because [she] works out like a beast”. In terms of her future as a mother, Rebel is currently dating someone but has previously thought about becoming a parent alone. “I would love to have a family. I'm just going for it by myself at the moment because of the biological clock,” she explained. The actress also said depending on her the stage of her relationship, there are “so many options” to explore including “surrogacy and sperm donors”. “'I only started thinking of fertility when I was 39 so you feel quite late but then there are women in their mid-40s who've been successful.” Rebel went on to name Janet Jackson who had her son when she was 50 years old. Despite it being an “emotional rollercoaster” so far, Rebel feels she is “still young enough to try” for a baby even though she doesn’t “know how it’s going to end”.