Rachel Shenton will be returning for a third season of All Creatures Great and Small on Channel 5 later this year. The Helen Alderson actress left fans feeling emotional when her character got engaged to James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph). Viewers are keen to find out more about the TV star, including her age. English actress and screenwriter Rachel is known for her roles in Hollyoaks, Switched at Birth and White Gold. She also won an Academy Award for her short film, The Silent Child, in 2018. When she was 12, her father became deaf after having chemotherapy treatment for cancer. After he died, Rachel learned British Sign Language and her passion for supporting the deaf community was evident in her film. The star now is 34 years old and she was born in October 1987. READ MORE: Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark After high school she went on to study performing arts at Stoke-on-Trent College. Her acting career started with small roles in popular TV shows like Holby City and Waterloo Road. In 2017, she starred in The Silent Child, a film she created with her husband Chris Overton. The film was based on her own experiences as the child of a parent who became deaf. Rachel has opened up about her childhood and how her father's deafness changed her life. Previously speaking to Lorraine Kelly on her morning show, she said: "I was always doing plays and going up and do things at school and drama and things, and he was no longer able to and watch those things. "I guess it's the things you take for granted, really, that became difficult." In 2020 the star appeared in the first season of All Creatures Great and Small and she remains a fan-favourite in the uplifting drama. The actress opened up to PBS about what she loved most about playing the farmer's daughter. She said: "I like her resilience. She’s a young woman who’s been through a lot. DON'T MISS... Samuel West famous family: Meet the Siegfried Farnon star's siblings [EXPLAINER] All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton calls out co-star [INTERVIEW] All Creatures Great and Small’s star warns of ‘frightening things' [INSIGHT] "She lost her mum very young, she looks after her younger sister, and she looks after the farm. "But I like that she does it all with a smile, really, and it’s not a burden. "She does it because she wants to, and she’s very simply a get-on-with-it kind of girl, and I like that about her." Rachel explained how there was some of her character in her, saying she too liked simplicity. She added: "I’d like to think I’m principled, and I’d like to think that I do the right thing as much as I can, things like that. "She likes simplicity I guess, and there’s similarities there—I like to keep things quite simple in my life or in my wants. "So I guess that we’re similar in that way. And we both love animals as well, and we’ve both got great wardrobes, although hers is better than mine." Filming for the third season began in April 2022, with the new episodes expected to arrive around September. Season three will hopefully see James and Helen get married, however with war looming, their plans may be scuppered.  All Creatures Great and Small is available to watch on My5.