Nominees and presenters arrived at London's Royal Festival Hall in South Bank last night for the 68th British Academy Television Awards. Richard Ayoade hosted the event for the third successive year as the event was held in person for the first time since 2019. However, some in attendance opted to use this moment to attack the Government over its plan to privatise Channel 4. The BBC revealed that the winners' speeches had been edited due to time constraints. However, sources assured the Telegraph that anti-Tory comments breached the broadcaster's rules on impartiality. Kayleigh Llewellyn, who wrote BBC Three drama In My Skin, claimed available beds in mental health units had decreased since the Tories “slithered into power” in 2010. JUST IN: 'It's a bonus!' Cummings sets sights on Starmer's departure in call for 'regime change' Ms Llewellyn went on to say: “We need to get the Tories out”, in a winning speech which was met with applause from the audience. The producers behind Together, a BBC Two drama in which Irish actress Sharon Horgan played a woman whose mother died alone in hospital after contracting coronavirus in a care home, read out a statement from the Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice group. They said: “Bereaved families have been ignored, lied to and gaslighted by a Government seemingly too busy partying to spare us a thought.” However, the Telegraph claimed the statement had not made it into the final broadcast. READ MORE: Tide turns against Sturgeon's IndyRef2 charge as less than 30% of Scots back 2023 poll Russell T Davies, who was nominated for the best drama writer award following the release of It's A Sin on Channel 4, also launched a tirade against the Tories. He said: “Of course, it [It's A Sin] was made on a channel that the Government’s gonna sell off, while they’re also planning to get rid of the BBC licence fee. “So, if you like shows like this, go and vote differently, that's what I say.”Mr Davies also revealed that Sex Education star Ncuti Gatwa would become the 14th Doctor Who. Oscar-winning director Steve McQueen stood in defence of both Channel 4 and the BBC after he said these were “things that we have to hold tight and fight for”. DON'T MISS:Brexit Live: Lord Frost says Boris will act on protocol [LIVE]Boris told ‘seismic’ results may be ‘final chapter’ for United Kingdom [REPORT]Boris set to hand Ukraine MASSIVE £1.3bn military package [REPORT] Lorraine Kelly even managed to swipe at the Prime Minister after Mr Johnson asked Susanna Reid: “Who's Lorraine?” The Prime Minister made the remark during a lengthy interview on Good Morning Britain. Ms Kelly responded last night by saying: “A special hello to Boris, I'm Lorraine.” The criticisms come after Nadine Dorries announced the Government would push ahead with its plan to privatise Channel 4. The Culture Secretary also said the “completely outdated” BBC licence fee could be replaced with a new funding model after 2027.