Netflix dropped four-part drama series Blood Sisters recently with the Nigerian original captivating audiences across the globe. The drama follows bride Sarah Duru (played by Ini Dima Okojie) and her friend Kemi Sanya (Nancy Isime), who accidentally murder abusive groom Kola Ademola (Deyemi Okanlawon) on his wedding day. The pair panic after the killing and scramble to hide their crimes. Blood Sisters dropped on May 5 and has already become one of the most-watched show in the world. The drama has been billed as a limited series but finished on something of a cliffhanger with no word yet on a possible recommission from Netflix. Viewers have been speculating wildly on Reddit and Twitter about where the story could go next. Speaking to Express.co.uk actor Okanlawon said he thought there “should be” another series of Blood Sisters. The actor explained: “I know I’m not alone in this. I’ve heard so much, so many people tagging me in comments saying, ‘There should be another season, it was too short. There’s so many questions being asked’.” He went on to say: “If there were to be a season two, which as I said I would really love to see - even if it’s just as an audience member, we need to see more of Kola’s past. “To get an understanding of where all that anger and rage and damage, where his brokenness came from. We need to see the legal process that the two characters Sarah and Kemi go through, so something like a court case. “So you’re literally telling the story, not just of Kola but his family. Why does Femi feel the way he does?” Okanlawon said he wanted to see more of the relationships between the various members of the Ademolas as well. He said there was so much left open-ended and unanswered. Much like the show’s fans, the actor was also asking questions about the story. Part crime thriller, part family drama Blood Sisters showcases Nigeria, taking viewers from opulent skyscrapers and hotels to the seamier underbelly as well bringing together traditional and contemporary culture in the African nation. Okanlawon hailed the drama for highlighting the beauty of Nigeria and indeed the African continent, something he felt wasn’t portrayed enough in the media. “I sincerely believe that Blood Sisters - the beauty of Lagos that was able to shine through the series - would attract a lot of attention to the city. Lagos is a beautiful place,” he said. The wedding reception scenes set at the Daffodil Hotel were actually shot at the EbonyLife Place resort in Lagos, while Kola’s office sequence was filmed at an oil and gas company’s headquarters. Blood Sisters was filmed during the pandemic in Nigeria with lots of COVID-19 safeguarding measures in place. Although the coronavirus pandemic filming protocols were “stressful”, Okanlawon said the whole cast and crew felt safe while working. Indeed, the safeguarding measures even had a “silver lining” and gave the actors the opportunity to really immerse themselves in their characters and “find the hidden gems” in the script. The actor, who has also starred in Day of Destiny and Thirty Pieces of Silver, said he actually turned down other projects so he could focus on getting into the mindset of becoming Kola. Okanlawon said of transforming into Kola: “It was one of the toughest things I’ve ever done psychologically and it took a while to get back to my true north and find my centre.”  The Nollywood star said of Kola’s violence and his dark nature: “Just the thought of it makes my skin crawl.” He is now busy working on several other projects including more Netflix originals. The star has also completed a film adaptation of the play Death and the King's Horseman by Nigerian Nobel Prize-winning playwright and novelist Wole Soyinka which was shot in 2021. The star said: “I’m super excited about that. It’s set in the colonial period and there’s just so much culture and the differences the colonialists and the people of Nigeria.” Could Blood Sisters have a Squid Game-esque effect on Nigeria’s film and television industry? Okanlawon certainly thinks so, saying: “It’s massive. It’s really big and I do think that it’s going to bring a lot of attention to Nigerian content, films and series, starting with those that are already existing.” He added: “I just knew once people were done with Blood Sisters, people are going to start searching Nigerian films on Netflix and start binging on all the other stuff. I do believe it’s definitely going to help the industry, the local industry here. I see that happening.” Blood Sisters is streaming on Netflix now