Manchester United defender Luke Shaw is set to be made to wait on a new £180,000-per-week deal at Old Trafford with the club waiting on new boss Erik ten Hag's decision according to reports. New manager Ten Hag is the one with the power to give the green light on a new contract for the England international, and Fred finds himself in a similar situation to Shaw. Shaw, who signed for United for £32million in 2014, has fallen in and out of favour many times in the north west. Having been deemed not good enough by Jose Mourinho, the London-born left-back turned his career around under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. But with just one more season on his current deal, The Sun claim that United chiefs are insistent that they trigger the 12-month option in his contract to keep Shaw until 2024. And Ten Hag will therefore be given time to make a long-term decision on the left-back's future. He could then hand him a new long-term deal in 2023 or sell him. With Alex Telles to contend with, Shaw faces a battle to impress his new boss for a starting spot. And that doesn't include any potential incomings that Ten Hag may bring in if he feels his current contingent are not good enough for the task. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Midfielder Fred, who joined United for £50m in 2018, similarly sees his current deal expire in 2023 but United have an option to extend his agreement by another 12 months. The Red Devils are more willing to listen to offers for him this summer should they arrive. Ten Hag will have the final say over whether Fred is sold this summer or whether he is given a new deal. Shaw meanwhile previously spoke out on his unhappiness at the current situation with United. "I think everyone does (need to feel happy), really," Shaw said back in March's international break. "It is always important to feel like you are wanted, I think especially here I always feel that. I am not saying I don't at United. But especially here, the way things are, I feel wanted and I enjoy my football. A big part of football is the enjoyment. "Of course, it is hard to enjoy when we are losing and not playing well at club level. We have to face that and, of course, this season it has not been good enough so it is hard to enjoy. We have a lot to improve at the club but I am here with England so the focus is on that." United currently sit sixth in the Premier League, and can no longer qualify for the Champions League. They must ensure victory against Crystal Palace to mathematically qualify for the Europa League next season. However, if West Ham win their last game and United fail to do so, they will drop into the Europa Conference League for the first time in their history.