Good Morning Britain's Ranvir Singh has taken to Twitter to pay a tender to tribute to BBC podcast host Deborah James after she announced that she's been moved into end of life hospice care at home. The GMB host, 44, penned a tender tribute to the You, Me and the Big C podcast presenter following Deborah's heartbreaking announcement. In view of her 109,200 followers, the GMB star branded Deborah an "angel". Ranvir wrote: "An Angel in human form .. we salute you. "Where you have led others will follow, in awe of your courage and eloquence," she added. It comes a day after Deborah announced that she had been moved to hospice at home care following her six-year battle with cancer. READ MORE: Deborah James talks ‘wanting to hold husband's hand' in last days Deborah told her 404,000 Instagram followers: "The message I never wanted to write. "We have tried everything, but my body simply isn’t playing ball. “My active care has stopped and I am now moved to hospice at home care, with my incredible family all around me and the focus is on making sure I’m not in pain and spending time with them. “Nobody knows how long I’ve got left but I’m not able to walk, I’m sleeping most of the days, and most things I took for granted are pipe dreams," she penned. She continued: "I know we have left no stone unturned. But even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, my body just can’t continue anymore. "In over 5 years of writing about how I thought it would be my final Christmas, how I wouldn’t see my 40th birthday nor see my kids go to secondary school - I never envisaged writing the one where I would actually say goodbye. "I think it’s been the rebellious hope in me. But I don’t think anyone can say the last 6 months has exactly been kind! “It’s all heartbreaking to be going through but I’m surrounded by so much love that if anything can help me through I hope that will.” DON'T MISS... Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [INSIGHT]Britt Ekland: Peter Sellers 'had everything' before 'he destroyed it' [ANALYSIS]The Wanted's Max George shares update amid 'rough' health struggle [UPDATE] She signed off her heartfelt post: “Right now for me it’s all about taking it a day at a time, step by step and being grateful for another sunrise. “My whole family are around me and we will dance through this together, sunbathing and laughing (I’ll cry!!) at every possible moment! “You are all incredible, thank you for playing your part in my journey. No regrets. Enjoy life x Deborah,” she ended her post. Following Ranvir's post, the star's followers flocked to the comments. @mstorey2015 replied: "Lovely description." While @thornesalons wrote: "Beautiful words for a truly beautiful courageous lady. "Like many I have followed her journey and am continually in awe of her strength, courage and humour….. B****y cancer I hate you!!!!." You can donate to Deborah James' fundraising page here.