Choosing a colour to paint yours can be a tricky task; some opt for neutrals while others are brave enough to go bold. Express.co.uk spoke to Michael Rolland, interiors expert and Managing Director of The Paint Shed, an online and trade paint retailer, about the most appealing colours. He spoke about a recent study The Paint Shed had conducted which revealed the top 10 colours homeowners wouldn’t want to see inside a house. Michael said: “When it comes to mass appeal, the bright and bold miss the mark. “It is important to remember that, when selling a property, viewers need to be able to imagine their own lives inside that house so they can envision it as their own home. “If a seller has put their personal preferences all over in the way of bright colours or wacky wallpaper, buyers will not only struggle to imagine their belongings and selves in the space. “They will also be considering the cost of redecoration, which after the other fees associated with buying a property is not going to persuade them to put in an offer,” he added. “We, The Paint Shed, recently conducted a study which asked UK residents which colours would put them off putting an offer in on a property. “Fuschia, a bright pink, came out on top with nearly half of respondents choosing this shade out of the 60 they were presented with.” READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer pair boost value of flat with collapsed ceiling Michael said: “When it comes to mass appeal, the bright and bold miss the mark. “It is important to remember that, when selling a property, viewers need to be able to imagine their own lives inside that house so they can envision it as their own home. “If a seller has put their personal preferences all over in the way of bright colours or wacky wallpaper, buyers will not only struggle to imagine their belongings and selves in the space. “They will also be considering the cost of redecoration, which after the other fees associated with buying a property is not going to persuade them to put in an offer,” he added. “We, The Paint Shed, recently conducted a study which asked UK residents which colours would put them off putting an offer in on a property. “Fuschia, a bright pink, came out on top with nearly half of respondents choosing this shade out of the 60 they were presented with.” 1. Fuchsia - 46.73 percent 2. Neon pink - 45 percent 3. Neon yellow - 43.2 percent 4. Lime green - 42.53 percent 5. Scarlet - 40.13 percent 6. Hot pink - 39.87 percent 7. Electric orange - 39.4 percent 8. Black - 38.33 percent 9. Lemon - 38.13 percent 10. Electric blue - 37.53 percent DON'T MISS...How to make a small garden look big: Clever furniture tricks [COMMENT]Interior design tips: Most ‘effective’ way to transform a room [EXCLUSIVE]Are elephants bad luck in the home? Where to place statues for luck [GUIDE] While bright pinks and neons are off the cards for most homeowners, there are a few colours which are currently trending. Michael said: “A trend that is gaining traction at the moment is distemper paints. “This type of paint has a powdery finish which mimics the soft appearance of more historical buildings, such as stately homes. “This is probably due to the increased interest in Royalcore and Regencycore off the back of Bridgerton, Gilded Age, The Great and Downton Abbey: A New Era. “Farrow & Ball Casein Distemper is a good choice for this look. “Little Greene also has a Distemper finish,” he suggested. “Warm neutrals are not going anywhere any time soon, particularly as lighter colours reflect light and warmth which can help heat the house during these energy rises. “Elephant’s Breath by Farrow & Ball searches have increased by 22 percent in the past year, receiving on average 9,900 UK Google searches per month. “Another trend that seems to be gaining popularity is darker powdery blues,” Michael explained. “Sloe Blue by Farrow & Ball has had a 3,900 percent increase in searches over the past 12 months and Little Greene Etruria has had a 133 percent increase. “Pinterest searches for ‘blue kitchen’ are also up by 171 percent.” The Paint Shed is the UK's most recommended independent paint retailer, with an extensive offering of more than 5,000 product lines available online, plus several physical stores in Scotland. It stocks a mixture of trade paint, such as Dulux Trade and Johnstone’s Trade, as well as high-end designer paint brands like Farrow & Ball and Little Greene. Plus, using their advanced colour matching technology and high-spec tinting machines, The Paint Shed can provide your favourite brands of paint in your desired colour. Away from the products though, The Paint Shed shares tips and advice to help the DIY novice complete whatever tasks they challenge themselves with, helping them achieve a result they can be proud of.§