Johnny Depp's former girlfriend, Dirty Dancing star Jennifer Grey, has branded him "crazy jealous" as she reflected on her relationship with the Hollywood star in her new memoir. It comes as the $100 million defamation trial between him and his ex-wife Amber Heard continued in Virginia, with Heard currently taking to the stand. Reflecting on her engagement to the Pirates of the Caribbean actor, Grey claimed their relationship began to fall apart when Depp started commuting between Vancouver and Los Angeles. Grey wrote: "He'd started missing his flights home to LA having overslept or, when he did come home, he'd be crazy jealous and paranoid about what I'd been up to while he was gone. "I attributed his ill-temper and unhappiness to him feeling miserable and powerless to get off [the TV series] 21 Jump Street.," she wrote in her new memoir, Out Of The Corner. She further claimed that the Hollywood actor would get into "bar fights" and arguments with the police. READ MORE: Deborah James 'fights daily to stay awake' and tick off to-do list Grey continued: "Johnny was commuting every week back and forth from Vancouver, but had begun more and more regularly to be getting into trouble: fights in bars, skirmishes with cops." It comes as Heard testified in court that Depp was physically and verbally abusive to her in 2014 during a private plane ride. Heard further claimed Depp was like this because of his jealousy while she was working with James Franco on The Adderall Diaries. Grey also spoke in a recent interview about the trial and how she feels about seeing it so publicised. She said: "All I can say about that trial is that it breaks my heart for everybody involved. "I just think it's sad, and I wish it was resolved, and I just wish everybody well," she told Entertainment Tonight. Grey and Depp were briefly engaged in 1989, prior to Johnny's relationship with Winona Ryder. Heard has been giving her evidence in the trial, showing pictures, videos and voice recordings from their tumultuous relationship. DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton 'hints at intimate piercing' in wake of jewellery ban [ANALYSIS]Ricky Gervais leaves fans in stitches with jibe at Piers Morgan's show [UPDATE]Gogglebox's Lee issues update on Jenny as she undergoes surgery [INSIGHT] In one incident on Thursday last week, Heard came face-to-face with Depp as she left the stand and he went for a cigarette break. As Heard stood up and moved away from the stand, Deppmoved towards the actress to exit the room at the door located next to the stand. Heard seemed to physically shudder with a terrified look on her face, as she took several steps back, hitting into the coat hanger. Court officials then turned towards the former Pirates of the Caribbean star with their hands up, warning him to stand back. Surrounded by his attorneys, Depp turned away and appeared to shrug and smile at his attorneys. Deppis suing for $50 million over the damage that he says an article she wrote for The Washington Post about suffering domestic violence did to his reputation and career, despite it not naming him as the abuser. Heard is then counter-suing the actor for $100 million. The trial continues and is expected to last around six weeks.