Jurgen Klopp has already been told a mistake he must avoid making when it comes to replacing Sadio Mane. The Senegal international has reportedly decided to leave Liverpool, with his contract about to enter its final year. If Mane does indeed depart the Reds, Klopp will need to find a replacement, given his importance to their success over recent seasons. It is a key moment in Klopp's reign, with Mane being the first of the frontline mainstays who need to be replaced. And ahead of the summer search for a new attacker, Klopp has already been told an error that he needs to avoid making. Reds legend Robbie Fowler highlighted Romelu Lukaku's failed move to Chelsea as a warning to Liverpool ahead of February's Carabao Cup final. "In fact the final tells you an awful lot about the modern game. You look at Romelu Lukaku, and even though his track record is impeccable, it’s still been an expensive gamble Chelsea signing him. What was he supposed to have cost, £100m? A record signing, and he’s on the bench; probably," he told The Mirror in February. READ MORE: French 'lies' about Liverpool fans - Calls for UEFA to probe "And he’s on his way out after a year; almost certainly. So the idea of replacing world-class players in their absolute prime, who are happy at the club and have maybe another five years in their legs, with big-money gambles just doesn’t make sense. It’s madness in fact." Liverpool do tend to shun taking the "big-money gambles" that Fowler described and arguably began to replace Mane with the January signing of Luis Diaz. Klopp would still do well to keep Fowler's advice in mind though as he gets his transfer plans in place. DON'T MISS: Mane exit to 'knock Liverpool sideways' as FSG told of consequences (INSIGHT)Liverpool's Mane rethink as replacement target 'close' to Chelsea move (TRANSFERS)Chelsea and two other teams will be glad to see the back of Sadio Mane (ANALYSIS) Many of the targets being linked with a move to Anfield have been given hefty price tags by their current clubs. That could force Klopp to again pull off a transfer miracle if he is to avoid the error that Chelsea made last year. Mane's departure will leave a huge hole to fill though, with the attacker having been a key part of Klopp's side. But the Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid looks to have been his last game for Liverpool, with Bayern Munich appearing his most likely destination.