While some royal onlookers may have assumed it was simply a walking stick, Gyles Brandreth has revealed it has a much more special meaning to the Queen. In fact, the stick Her Majesty has been carrying used to belong to Prince Philip and the Queen has clutched onto it amid her mobility issues. Reflecting on the Queen’s reactions at the Jubilee Celebrations, Gyles noted the importance of her walking stick. “Bearing in mind the stick the Queen now walks with is Prince Philip’s shooting stick,” Gyles revealed. “It’s his stalking stick. She’s holding onto that all of the time. You can see from her reaction.” His comment came after footage of the Queen watching Lady Louise riding Prince Philip’s carriage was shown on This Morning. READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat Her Majesty was clearly full of pride for her granddaughter who at the age of 18 paid tribute to the late Duke of Edinburgh. Lady Louise, who shares her grandfather’s passion for carriage driving, drove his carriage around the arena. Her involvement was part of the finale of the Gallop Through History event, staged by the Royal Windsor Horse Show. The Queen appeared emotional while Lady Louise led the tribute and marks a year since the Duke’s passing. Also discussed on This Morning was narrator Omid Djalili’s joke about the Queen missing the State Opening of Parliament. Omid remarked: “Thank you for choosing us over the State Opening of Parliament.” As the camera panned to the Queen, she raised her hand appearing to respond to the joke. But This Morning host Phillip Schofield wasn’t as impressed. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry would 'definitely' be booed if appeared on balcony [LATEST]Tom Cruise 'caused absolute chaos' ahead of Jubilee celebrations [INSIGHT]Platinum Jubilee viewers blast ITV and beg for BBC coverage [REACTION] “That was near to the knuckle, that one,” he remarked as Gyles agreed: “It was a little near to the knuckle.” However, ITV viewers were clearly delighted with the Queen’s response. @GarysBrain posted on Twitter: “Omid Djalili thanking the Queen for choosing this over the state opening of Parliament is the one! #PlatinumJubilee.” @J2020Sarah added: “Omid Djalili brilliant one liner and lovely response by The Queen 'thank you for chosing us over the State Opening of Parliament' #PlatinumJubilee.” (sic) “Queen’s response to Omid Djalili thanking her for choosing her own Platinum Jubilee Celebrations over the State opening of Parliament is absolutely brilliant! #PlatinumJubilee,” @megangoodier continued. @ridgebackpop tweeted: “Omid Djalili wins Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebration on ITV with his comment Thank you for choosing to come and see us instead of the State opening of Parliament.” This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am.