The Time Traveller's Wife was a hit film starring the likes of Eric Bana and Rachel McAdams. Originally a book by author Audrey Niffenegger, the story tells of Henry (played by Theo James) who has a gene which enables him to travel through time involuntarily. Much like the movie, the new series will focus on his lifelong romance with his wife Claire (Rose Leslie). The Time Traveller's Wife sees Henry jump through different periods of time against his will, at any moment. So when Claire comes into his life, things get a lot more complicated as she falls madly in love with him. They tie the knot but their marriage is anything but normal as Henry continues to disappear at random moments with versions of himself also showing up in different time periods. Will Henry and Claire be able to survive his extraordinary gift or will it all get too much for them both? READ MORE: Outlander’s Sam Heughan explains dangerous and ‘illegal’ kilt scene Despite James and Leslie coming from the UK, The Time Traveller's series is a Stateside production with the actors portraying an American couple. In terms of its release date, The Time Traveller's Wife will first be ready to watch on HBO Max in America on Sunday, May 15. But fear not UK fans as the romantic drama won't exclusively be available to American fans. This is because HBO Max has an ongoing agreement with a UK channel so they share content with one another.   HBO Max has a relationship with Sky so UK fans will be able to watch The Time Traveller's Wife on Sky Atlantic from Monday, May 16. The streaming service NOW also belongs to Sky so all six episodes are also going to be available to watch on there from the day of its release. This isn't the first show HBO and Sky have shared since the American channel's launch in 2020. Other shows which have had a similar arrangement are And Just Like That..., Industry and the Friends special reunion. DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [EXPLAINER]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [CAST]Time Traveler’s Wife: Theo James didn’t drop American accent [INTERVIEW] Actress Rose Leslie is taking on the role of the titular wife Claire in the drama. She is probably best known for playing Ygritte in the HBO fantasy drama Game of Thrones. She has also been in the legal satire The Good Fight and BBC's crime drama Vigil. Leslie is joined by actor Theo James as the time traveller Henry who is recognised for his part in the Divergent film series. Some of his other parts have been in Sanditon, The Witcher, Castlevania and Golden Boy.  Bringing the story to the small screen is former Doctor Who showrunner and Sherlock creator Steven Moffat. For The Time Traveller's Wife, he has joined forces with director David Nutter who has won Emmy awards for his work on Game of Thrones. He has previously worked on Superboy, The X Files, ER, Entourage and Shameless as well. The Time Traveller's Wife premieres on Sunday, May 15, on HBO and Sky Atlantic and NOW streaming service on Monday, May 16, in the UK.