Mark Samuels, chief executive of the British Generic Manufacturers Association, which represents the UK-based companies that provide 80 percent of the NHS’s medicine, said that the industry was currently facing “unprecedented pressure” from a perfect storm of factors. Thin margins on already heavily discounted drugs they were producing were being impacted by a scheme not designed to target generic medicine that still carried a brand name, he said. The effects that the coronavirus pandemic has had on the global supply chain have prompted fears that the UK may experience medicine shortages. Even though British manufacturers produce a vast swathe of the UK’s drug supply at home, they have been affected by issues receiving raw materials and massive increases in operating costs. In January, the Department of Health projected the annual average repayment to the Government from manufacturers of branded medicines would grow from 5.1 percent to 15 percent in 2022. It stated that due to a large rise in medicine use in 2021, in part due to the pandemic, this would have been set at 19.1 percent, but lowered this due to “uncertainty” about the growth. READ MORE: Health chief rails against EU rules on Northern Ireland medicine Medicine manufacturers have, since 2019, made repayments to the Government on income from branded medicine under a voluntary scheme; manufacturers who do not volunteer must by law give 7.8 percent of their income to the Health Secretary. Mr Samuels explained that while this was “to make sure the [NHS’s] medicine spend remained under control” by preventing drug manufacturers from profiteering from patented medicines, the scheme also covers branded generics – those which are no longer patent-protected – which are produced on much lower margins. Examples of branded generic medicines include some forms of hormone replacement therapy (HRT), of which certain treatments have been in shortage in recent months. British medicines manufacturers were, therefore, facing a “double whammy” of higher Government levies and massive hikes in operating costs. He told Express.co.uk: “While products are on patent, there’s a sole provider and they can charge, obviously, at a considerably higher price during the patent-protected period. “As soon as the pattern ends, competition comes into play, which is a good thing for the NHS’s budget, and therefore generic and biosimilar prices are typically anything from 80 to 90 percent cheaper than the original pattern-protected product. “That is obviously great from a taxpayer’s perspective, and the NHS’s medicines bill without generics and biosimilars [medical products which share the same chemical composition] would be £36billion a year. But that more affordable price of generics reduces that to around £21billion a year. “£15billion a year is an immense amount of money for the NHS to save for that, and it means generics enable the NHS to be affordable. Because we're all patients too, that really matters. But the thinness of those margins means that any increase in costs are more significant for the generic manufacturing sector.” DON'T MISSHave your say: Should Britain cave to EU's trade deal threat or walk? [POLL]Rejoiner plea falls on deaf ears in EU ahead of crunch Brexit meeting [REPORT]Jacob Rees-Mogg mocks Brussels tough stance as he predicts EU U-turn [REVEAL] Mr Samuels rattled off a number of concerning statistics about the state of the medicine manufacturing industry amid worldwide shortages and a rise in inflation. He said his sector had been hit by raw materials tripling in cost – “which alone is an immense cost increase” – and shipping rates were now six times higher than a year ago. Meanwhile, air freight – which manufacturers typically use to bring in stock rapidly when there is a threat of a shortage – had seen six-times increase in costs. Energy costs had also risen by 230 percent, impacting the industry. Commenting on the voluntary pricing scheme, Mr Samuels said: “Crucially, branded generics and biosimilars fall under the voluntary pricing scheme, which means that they’re treated alongside on patent medicines under that pricing screen, which requires [manufacturers] to give a rebate back to the Government.” He added that despite the good intentions of the scheme, “where that levy applies to on patent medicines, they're not facing competition. “But where it applies to branded generics and biosimilars, of course, they're facing competition, so they have a double whammy of the 80 to 90 percent lower price than the original product plus a levy that's now almost tripled up to 15 percent in January. “That's a significant factor, as well as all the tripling of raw material costs and so on.” When asked to comment, a Department of Health spokesperson claimed it “has seen no evidence VPAS rates are responsible for supply issues given the other options available”. They added: “In most cases suppliers are free to de-brand products and market them as generic medicines to avoid VPAS payments. “Alternatively, where products would otherwise be unprofitable, they can apply to the department for an increase in the maximum price paid.”