Rolling Stones legend Ronnie Wood revealed he feels “reborn” as he reaches his 75th birthday. The rocker has quit booze and drugs and now dedicates his life to his six-year-old twin daughters, Gracie Jane and Alice Rose. He is also about to embark on a European tour with his bandmates Mick Jagger and Keith Richards. Ronnie will ring in his birthday with a performance at the Metropolitano Stadium in Madrid. His wife, Sally Humphreys, 44, who he married in 2012, and their daughters are also in Spain. Discussing how he will celebrate his big day, an insider said: “Ronnie is teetotal and hasn't smoked for three years. "These days he loves a double espresso so Ronnie will have a couple of those and cake in the afternoon before he heads to the stadium. “It is a different party to how things used to be on the road, but he is very happy. "Before the show Mick, Keith, Ronnie and the backing singers tend to bash out some rock and roll tunes to warm up, so no doubt Happy Birthday will be sung too," the source told The Mirror. Ronnie decided to go sober in 2010 after decades of drug and alcohol abuse. He told Rolling Stone in 2019 that getting clean was like "having a second chance". His new lease of life also comes after he survived two battles with cancer. Ronnie was first diagnosed with lung cancer in 2017 and had to have part of his lung removed. Then, in April 2021, he was diagnosed with small-cell cancer. Luckily, he was given the all-clear from doctors following treatment. It comes after Ronnie graced the cover of Esquire Spain. DON'T MISSTom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse'[INSIGHT]Paul O'Grady emotional after being forced to return his foster dog[LATEST]A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies shares racy bedroom selfie[PICTURES] When asked by the magazine whether he feels “reborn”, he answered: “Without a doubt. “I have a new private life, recovered health, new inspirations... And now I need that energy more than anything. After all, we are facing the last tour!” Ronnie has been married twice before. First to model Krissy Findlay and then Jo Wood. He also has four other children from previous relationships: Jamie, 47, Jesse, 45, Leah, 43, Tyrone, 38. As excitement for their Sixty Tour grows, Ronnie, Mick Jagger and Keith Richards were seen attending a Flamenco party in Madrid yesterday. The tour will run for two months and marks the Stones’ first European tour without drummer Charlie Watts. Charlie sadly died last August at the age of 80.