Jurgen Klopp will have a difficult decision on his hands when he prepares his team selection for the Champions League final. Ibrahima Konate has been a revelation for Liverpool in Europe this season, but Joel Matip will be hard to ignore when it comes to picking Virgil van Dijk's partner in defence in Paris. The Champions League final is a game every player dreams of being part of, but Klopp will have a difficult selection when deciding between Konate and Matip in defence.  Konate, 22, has made seven Champions League appearances this campaign as he started in all of them. The Reds have only conceded seven goals in those seven games, impressive stats for a new signing. However, despite those stats, Matip might be the obvious choice for Klopp. The German manager hinted as much earlier in the season when he hailed the "incredible" Matip. Klopp said earlier this season: “Look, I cannot help people who don’t see the quality of Joel Matip. That’s true, he was a bit unlucky in the past with an injury here and there – maybe not always the most difficult things but he is a big boy, a big player, tall and it can look from time to time a bit edgy or whatever. But he is an incredible player, he was always an incredible player since he joined us at least. So that’s really good. Granted, Liverpool’s defence seem to be more stable with the youngster at the back when it comes to conceding less goals. However, Klopp will likely be factoring the importance of playing experienced players in games like the upcoming final. For instance, Klopp’s men looked lost during that first half display against Villarreal on Tuesday night. All players on the pitch just seemed to be uninspired to the point they let themselves concede two goals 'silly' goals, when they aren’t the side to let goals in that easily. Prior to Tuesday, they hadn’t conceded a goal in all competitions since the FA Cup semi-final clash against Manchester City at Wembley last month. You can see how much impact the likes of Jordan Henderson, James Milner and most recently Luis Diaz have on the side when it comes to that, to just getting the job done. The Reds simply struggled with Henderson, one of their main leaders who has proved to be the difference time and time again. And while Konate has shown his potential at 22, offers more pace than Matip, and is also physically better at aerial duels, Klopp will have to look to consider experience over those factors, something that has proven to have paid off many times before. And ahead of a final where there is no room for mistakes, Matip edges the line. His successful career at the Reds has seen him help Klopp to 106 wins in his 162 appearances for the Anfield side in all competitions. They have lost just 19 times and drawn 37. His leadership in defence alongside another huge player in van Dijk, will heap rewards.