Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are due to fly into the UK to partake in celebrations surrounding the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. Although they will be joining the celebrations, it has been confirmed that the couple will not be part of the balcony appearance. Speaking on how the Sussexes appearance may destabilise the Jubilee, The Telegraph's Associate Editor Camilla Tominey suggested that the reason behind the balcony snub may be due to fears that the rest of the working royals could "resent" the couple if there were to be a "Harry and Meghan sideshow going on". Speaking in a video posted on The Telegraph's YouTube channel, Ms Tominey said: "The concentration behind the palace is this, they made this case for Megxit that you couldn't be half in, half out, you couldn't have your cake and eat it. "You can't go off and sign deals with Netflix and the rest of them in America and then have this quasi-royal status. She added: "If they had allowed them on the Buckingham Palace balcony for that Trooping of the Colour moment, then they would have been given the best of both worlds. "You can include the Sussexes but you don't want there to be some sort-of Harry and Meghan sideshow going on when the main event must be HMQ The Queen. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan's latest move slammed - Firm 'will be horrified' Ms Tominey continued: "Equally, there'll be other members of the Royal Family, who are still doing the daily grind, who will resent being overshadowed by Harry and Meghan - even if they don't admit it. "You're not going to want the likes of Princess Anne and the Earl and Countess of Wessex, for instance, who day in and day out plant trees, unveil plaques, and go to the opening of royal envelopes, only to have the media completely focus on Harry and Meghan, who aren't playing a role at all in the so-called family firm". The Queen is limiting the Platinum Jubilee Trooping the Colour balcony lineup to working members of the royal family only. Her decision was made "after careful consideration". READ MORE: 'Blown away by her perfection' Royal fans dazzled as Kate steps out 'like a supermodel' Some members that will be joining the Queen on the balcony will include the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Earl and Countess of Wessex, and Princess Anne. Also set to appear for the historic occasion will be the Cambridges' children Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis, and the Wessexes’ children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. The Queen's cousins, the Duke and Duchess of Glouchester, and the Duke and Duchess of Kent, who carry out engagements in her name, are also expected to make an appearance. DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] Like the Sussexes, Prince Andrew will not make an appearance on the balcony. After the decision was revealed, a Palace spokesman said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen". The Trooping the Colour event will kick start the four days of Jubilee festivities on June 2.