Stranger Things is back on Netflix for a supersized fourth instalment, with the remaining two episodes arriving later on July 1. The supernatural series saw a new evil take over Hawkins and with Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) having lost her powers, the gang was in even bigger trouble. Fans are worried for Steve Harrington (Joe Keery) following the latest episodes and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about his fate.  The latest season is set shortly after the events of the Battle of Starcourt and the gang found themselves separated for the first time. Eleven and the Byers family had escaped to California, with the rest of the friends remaining in Hawkins. They soon discovered they were not out of the woods yet as some mysterious killings were taking place. Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) and his friends realised a particularly evil being, known as Vecna, was responsible for the deaths. Towards the end of the first volume, Steve decided to go in search of another opening to the Upside Down so they could defeat the monster. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 episode 8 release date: When is it back? He dived into the lake and found the gateway, before returning to the surface to tell Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer) and the others. But a huge tentacle grabbed him and pulled him through the gateway, into the Upside Down, where he was attacked by evil creatures. Nancy and the rest of the group dived in to find him, with episode seven confirming they found him alive. However, he was severely injured and his friends were worried he had been poisoned by Vecna's evil. He started to look weak and was struggling to stand, with Nancy noticing he had a particularly bad wound. Thankfully by the end of the first volume, he was still alive. However, with two more episodes yet to air, his fate could change before the season comes to an end. As the gang tried to find weapons to defeat the monsters, Steve was contemplating rekindling his relationship with Nancy. This could have been an indicator that something bad was going to happen to Steve in a heartbreaking turn of events. When Nancy arrived at her house to retrieve the guns, she found they had been thrown back in time. DON'T MISS... Stranger Things star Sadie Sink on ‘physically exhausting’ season 4 [INSIGHT] How did Eleven lose her powers in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER] Stranger Things season 4 cast: Who is Eddie Munson actor Joseph Quinn? [INSIGHT] She found an old diary from when she and Steve had been an official item. They managed to find a way to communicate with the real world using lights. Just as fans were starting to feel positive about their escape, Steve started coughing. This could be an indication that he is deteriorating over time. While Eddie (Joseph Quinn) and Robin (Maya Hawke) were able to escape back to the real world, Nancy was taken over by Vecna and Steve was left trying to save her. Elsewhere, at the end of the final episode, fans discovered Vecna's true identity and it was beyond belief. Through Eleven's journey, they found out Vecna was actually Peter Ballard (Jamie Campbell Bower), from Hawkins Lab. Eleven had sent him to the Upside Down following a huge battle after she discovered his evil schemes. The episode ended revealing Vecna was in fact subject number one, the first-ever person to be experimented on at Hawkins Lab. Number one had been mentioned throughout the season but it was never revealed who he really was.  Stranger Things season 4 part 2 will air on July 1.