Amanda Abbington, 48, has spoken up about her relationship with her former stuntman fiancé Johnathan Goodwin, who appeared on Britain's Got Talent. The daredevil, 42, was left paralysed after being crushed during a stunt while in rehearsals for America's Got Talent.  The actress and her beau were friends for many years before they started dating.  Amanda has said that she couldn’t imagine her life without Johnathan by her side.  She has explained how the accident has changed her outlook on life.  The star said that it was a horrible phone call to receive, but that Johnathan handled it inspirationally before she revealed people ask if she plans to stay in a relationship with him. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain She told The Guardian this week: “It was one of the worst phone calls. But Jonathan is so strong. “He's a proper inspiration. He's never once moaned about it.” “He's sometimes nostalgic about what he did but at the same time it's like, 'This is the next chapter of my life now.’ “A lot of people I know asked me, "Are you staying with him?" I was like, "Yeah of course."  She continued: “I can't imagine life without him. We have too much fun. He makes me laugh like no one else.  “None of it has felt insurmountable, not even his accident.”  The stunt ace, who appeared in the 2019 season of Britain's Got Talent, now uses a wheelchair.  He was supposed to escape a straightjacket while upside down 30ft in the air in between two suspended cars during rehearsals for America's Got Talent. DON'T MISS... Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] Instead, Jonathan became crushed between them as they caught on fire. Amanda told Jay Rayner's Out To Lunch podcast earlier this month: "He fell 30ft and lost a kidney, broke both shoulder blades, shattered both legs. "Third-degree burns, broke his spine and severed his spinal cord and nearly died. And then on the operating table, he nearly died again." Amanda and the BGT star became friends after realising they were both single following their split with previous partners. The actress, who was previously married to Martin Freeman, said they would sometimes speak on the phone for seven hours. Johnathan asked Amanda to marry him within an hour of their meeting in Austria. Also during the same interview, Amanda spoke of her split with Martin. She explained that they had “16 amazing years together”.