Although under the same category, type one and type two diabetes are very different. Type one occurs when the body’s immune system attacks and destroys cells that produce insulin. Meanwhile, type two occurs when the body does not produce enough insulin or the body’s cells do not react to insulin. Type two diabetes is the most common form of diabetes in the UK, accounting for 90 percent of cases. READ MORE: Deborah James on her initial bowel cancer symptoms  Study author Akhil Jain said of the early data: “Pre-diabetes, if left untreated, can significantly impact health and can progress to type two diabetes, which is known to increase a person’s risk for cardiovascular disease. “With heart attacks happening increasingly in young adults, our study was focussed on defining the risk factors pertinent to this young population, so that future scientific guidelines and health policies may be better able to address cardiovascular disease risks in relation to pre-diabetes.” Overall, they found “young adults with pre-diabetes had a 1.7 times higher changes of being hospitalised for a heart attack compared to their peers without pre-diabetes". Subsequently, more research is required in order to unearth more information about risk for young people and their heart attack risk.  Should a young person with pre-diabetes develop type two diabetes, there are several symptoms they may encounter, including:• Urinating more than usual• Feeling thirsty all the time• Feeling very tired• Losing weight without trying to• Itching around the genitalia• Cuts or wounds taking longer to heal• Blurred vision. Should several of these symptoms arise, the NHS recommends booking a GP appointment so a blood test to be conducted. Meanwhile, in a new development for type two diabetes patients in the US, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved a new drug for use. Known as tirzepatide, the drug is injected into diabetics once a week. As well as lowering blood sugar, the drug also supports weight loss. Weight, alongside poor diet, is a key risk factor for type two diabetes. While the drug appears to be effective, it can result in a number of side effects such as nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea. Although these side effects sound unpleasant, experts say these lessen with time. It is unclear whether tirzepatide will be approved in the UK. Just under five million Britons live with diabetes at present, a number expected to continue to grow.