Experts had claimed this week second home owners bring "much-needed" investment into areas that rely on tourism, such as Cornwall, but outraged residents in the county branded these suggestions as "arrogant". They feel they actually leave towns "soulless" and "empty" in the winter months. Speaking to Cornwall Live, one resident said: "Walking around Fowey and Polruan out of holiday season is one of the saddest strolls you will ever have. The complete lack of life is soul-destroying." A tweet from a local reads: "It’s always the same story with these arrogant, entitled, ignorant, patronising, imperialistic morons." Another social post states: "Cornwall will do just fine without second home owners. In fact, we'll succeed! We'll finally be able to rebuild our communities and not be priced out of our own towns. We need to phase out second homes now, and give our young people a fairer future." One man wrote: "If 'surviving' is living in a tent on the side of a cliff or food poisoning because you can’t afford to run the fridge at night, I’d like to see what not surviving looks like. What fatuous tripe." But second home owners had said they spend more time in the towns than people give them credit for. Kate Hanson, who has a four-bedroom second home in Mawgan Porth, said: "There is never any tension between second home owners and locals. "None at all, we get on extremely well. I feel people’s pain – there is a lot of poverty inland – but there is a lot of tourism, and we spend a lot of money when we’re down there, as if we’re on holiday." Jane Baker, who has worked in property for three decades, said: "We need second home owners, otherwise pubs would shut, restaurants would shut, shops would shut." The debate comes after piece in Daily Telegraph that showed there are more than 13,000 second homes in Cornwall. Locals told the publication they feel that they are being priced out of their communities. Jeremy Vine guests led a discussion on the issue recently, in which journalist and broadcaster Mike Parry, 67, said: "I don't want to go to a hotel because I want to feel as though I'm in my own space I've worked my whole life to earn and to pay for. "Instead of having one big house in London or Surrey, I've got two smaller places in two different parts. That is all I'm doing; splitting what I spend on property into two."