Guests on the mammoth ship could be heard screaming on impact. The metal of the extended dock could be heard scraping along the liner’s stern side. The Royal Caribbean liner had set off on a seven-day cruise from Port Canaveral, Florida, US. The accident happened last on May 26 when the 362m long liner hit the dock in Jamaica. It cost a whopping £1billion to build and boasts 23 swimming pools, a 1,400 seater theatre and over 2,700 rooms to accommodate nearly 5,500 guests. Local Ana Maldonado said: “Poor captain and cruise company have to pay damages and repair the cruise ship.” READ MORE: Virgin Voyages' Valiant Lady review: From food to cabins Miguel Angel Ortiz joked: “He didn't put the handbrake.” Steve Stella added: “It can happen to any cruise ship, they are machines. But mostly it depends on how they are guided.” Josean Irizarry joked: “The most probable thing was that he hit a shark and diverted it.” A Royal Caribbean spokesperson said: "During arrival in Falmouth, Jamaica, the Harmony of the Seas made contact with an extended section of the dock. “There were no injured guests or crew, and only minor cosmetic damage to the stern of the ship; the voyage will continue as planned."  Jamaica’s tourism minister told reporters that Falmouth’s port would need some repairs after the crash. They said it would be fully operational this week and that repairs were already underway at the port. RoyalCaribbean.com said Edmund Bartlett, the tourism minister, said that divers were recovering the broken elements. The Port Authority of Jamaica tweeted a statement saying that there may be a formal enquiry into the incident. It said: “This minor incident did not result in damage to the vessel. “The vessel was eventually moored without delay using the remaining infrastructure of the bollards on the remaining dolphin, to stabilise the vessel. “Subsequently, passengers were able to disembark and proceed as planned to their tours and other scheduled activities.” Harmony of the Seas is longer than the Eiffel Tower and was completed in 2016, joining the Royal Caribbean fleet. The ship has two surf simulators, three water slides and is divided into seven unique neighbourhoods. Royal Caribbean recently launched the world’s biggest cruise ship, Wonder of the Seas which is 362 long. The mammoth cruise liner is longer than the Shard lying down and can carry almost 7,000 passengers.