While the Moon spends the day in diligent Virgo, your drive to want to fix problems and manage details might increase. However, the transit will release more critical energies, so try not to allow negativity to overwhelm you today. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for May 10. Amongst battling potential critical energies, we’re also blessed, less fortunately, with Mercury turning retrograde. When Mercury is in retrograde, it appears to go backwards in its orbit, with energies known to significantly impact communication and technology while it takes place. Mercury’s retrograde is due to last until June 3, starting in the sign of Gemini and ending in Taurus. Prepare for thinking to turn inward as you might feel more inclined to review and reassess during this period. Cafe Astrology said: “Mercury retrograde periods can be times of heightened inner awareness – when meditation, journaling, reworking old plans, and reviewing past work are favoured more than usual.  READ MORE: 5 animal statues to bring good luck into your home  “Minor breaks in the mechanical aspects of communication and transportation can reconnect us to other, possibly more meaningful, means of connecting.” The times due to be more difficult will stir on the days of the shifts themselves, so today and June 3. In the days in between, we tend to grow more accustomed to the motion, which allows us to deal with it better. Cafe Astrology said: “With Mercury retrograde in Gemini until May 22, we might look at past decisions and ideas from a new, possibly enlightened perspective.” From May 22 through to June 3, when Mercury is retrograde in Taurus, we might gravitate closer towards security and comfort; and reviewing business or financial matters might top the agenda during this period.  Cafe Astrology said we might "look at projects and items in new ways – in terms of value and worth” and we’re more likely to “revive a past project”. However, while the shift of direction occurs today, you might experience difficulty seeing matters clearly. Although, things will ease when Jupiter heads into the sign of Aries. This transit will take place in two parts; from May 10 to October 28, and then from December 20 to May 16, 2023. Cafe Astrology said: “This transit encourages us to embrace our enterprising spirit and independence.”  DON'T MISS: When to cut back tulips - key date to secure fresh blooms next year [EXPLAINED]Vitamin B12: Five mood changes signalling an ‘advanced deficiency’ [ANALYSIS]Best supplements: Magnesium good for all round health, says research [INSIGHT]    The Jupiter-Aries transit will encourage you to make your own opportunities, and you’re more likely to thrive when taking the lead. You might also more naturally feel an urge to initiate, inspire others, and demonstrate more enthusiasm. Cafe Astrology said: “Prosperous areas are ones that allow us to head, lead, and innovate. "Faith is strong in our ability to reinvent our lives and confidently move forward.” This newfound confidence can bring about favourable circumstances, so make sure to use this time to focus on and make efforts to actualise your personal goals.  Cafe Astrology said during this time, we likely “believe that “life is what you make it,” and “we enjoy competition as it pushes us to do better." They add: "Our belief in ourselves brings a spirit of the pioneer.” However, take care not to take any of these things too far, as a bolshie prioritisation of yourself in certain scenarios can be insensitive and uncompromising, and can be mistaken for arrogance, which could lead to missed opportunities. Try to make extra effort to balance self-confidence with empathy and a more measured approach to excel during this period. 