Inflation in the UK has hit a 40-year high and is currently at 9 percent. The nation is also experiencing a cost of living crisis, which means that London living is becoming increasingly difficult. This is how those in the capital can save up to a third on their Tube journeys. A major expense for Londoners is travel. Whether it's commuting to work now that many are back in the office, or travelling to meet up with loved ones in another part of the city, Londoners spend a lot of their hard earned cash on transport. However, there is one simple way they can knock off one third of their travel costs. The Transport For London (TFL) website reads: "Your National Railcard gives you discounts on the Tube, DLR, London Overground, TfL Rail and National Rail services. READ MORE: "There are different Railcards available to suit your age and needs." All commuters need to do is register their Oyster card. TFL also stated that Oyster cards can be purchased online. Oyster cards can also be bought at Oyster Ticket Stops in newsagents across London. This handy money saver can also be purchased at all Tube, London Overground and most TfL Rail stations, as well as some DLR stations and visitor centres. They are also available to buy at the Tramlink Shop in Croydon. A member of staff can register your National Railcard with your Oyster card at Tube and TfL Rail stations across London, or at Oyster Ticket Stops. So, which Railcard are you eligible for? The 16-17 Railcard provides the most discount, with up to 50 percent savings on travel. The 16-25 Railcard is available to those who fall within this age bracket. The 26-30 Railcard gets travellers the same third off discount. Cardholders with a 26-30 Railcard will enjoy an average annual savings of up to £251. Those aged 60 and above can register for a Senior Railcard. Those in HM Forces can apply for a HM Railcard. Disabled people are also entitled to a Railcard. These Railcards can all be registered with an Oyster card. Those travelling in the South East of England qualify for a Network Railcard, however this discount cannot be added to an Oyster card. A Family & Friends Railcard can get a third off travel for yourself and up to three adults aged 16 and above, or up to four children aged between five and 15. Lastly, the Two Together Railcard, which secures a third off on travel for the railcard holder plus another named person, cannot be added to an Oyster card.