Portugal is one of the 41 countries taking part in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, a spectacular highlight in the TV calendar on BBC One. Singer MARO will be taking to the stage to represent in the hope of doing her home country proud. But what song will the 27-year-old performer be singing and what is it about? MARO will be performing live in front of millions in the Eurovision Song Contest final on Saturday, May 9, on BBC One. She is going to be performing her Indie ballad Saudade, Saudade, a song of both celebration and loss. Saudade, which translates as "missing" in English, is best described as a "sort of longing wistful nostalgia for something or someone beloved" that is no longer there. There is the pain of missing something as well as the joy of having had something worth missing. READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage This kind of feeling is typical in a lot of Portugal's traditional music and art. The inspiration for Saudade, Saudade comes from when MARO was processing the loss of her grandfather. She explained to Eurovision: "I think it’s just something intimate, it’s something so personal. "It’s about loss, but it’s also celebration. It’s crazy how impactful our grandparents can be, and how it’s a reference to so many values, including unconditional love. "Music is what gets us closest to that connection." Joining MARO for the live show are five of her friends and fellow talented performers. Her backing vocalists Beatriz Fonseca, Beatriz Pessoa and Carolina Leite was on stage with her during the Portugese National Final. Diana Castro and Milhanas were some of her competitors during this stage but have since joined forces to support MARO's performance. Since winning the final in Portugal to get to the global entertainment show, MARO has been finding success with new music. DON'T MISS...'Couldn’t save him' Will Young addresses decision to throw twin out [EXPLAINER]Eurovision 2022 presenters: Who are the hosts? [CAST]UK Eurovision 2022 song: The sweet meaning behind Sam Ryder’s Space... [INTERVIEW] Her latest single is entitled We've Been Loving in Silence which was released just a few weeks ago. The music video stars none other than her friend and 2017 Eurovision winner Salvador Sobral. Sharing his simple advice to her ahead of the show, MARO revealed: "He told me that Eurovision is just a ‘wow’ moment, and I should just enjoy it!" Going by the odds though, it doesn't seem like Portugal will be in the running for the winning title this time around. According to Betfair, Portugal has 90/1 odds of winning the Eurovision Song Contest 2022, along with Serbia. At the top of the odds list and most likely to win going by the bookies is Ukraine with 4/6. Second in the running is Italy with 4/1, Sweden with 6/1 and then the United Kingdom with 9/1. The Eurovision Song Contest final will air on Saturday, May 14, at 8pm on BBC One.