Manchester United and Juventus are reportedly among the clubs interested in signing Gabriel from Arsenal this summer but Express Sport understands the Brazilian wants to stay put at the Emirates Stadium. The 24-year-old has enjoyed an impressive second season in north London, despite a recent blip as Arsenal lost three straight Premier League matches to Brighton, Crystal Palace and Southampton. Nonetheless, he feels like an integral figure under Mikel Arteta, who has made him one of several players central to his Gunners rebuild. Yet according to Gianluca Di Marzio, there is interest from both Manchester United and Juventus while Barcelona have also been linked in the Spanish press. "There are talks of a move with Gabriel which could be a target for Juve's defence. He could be a target for Juventus or Manchester United," Di Marzio told German outlet Wettfreunde. However, Express Sport understands Gabriel is prepared to snub all interest in favour of a stay with the Gunners this summer. He is more than happy with his current club and is focused of helping Arsenal secure a top-four finish. Furthermore, Gabriel also wants to consolidate his place in Brazil's World Cup squad. Moving clubs now would represent a gamble on that front. The defender proposed to his fiancee Gabrielle Figueiredo, who has just given birth to their baby daughter, last September and now feels settled in north London. He recently made it clear that Arsenal now feels like home, once again reassuring supporters that he isn't thinking about an exit. "Well in my first season I certainly learnt a lot," Gabriel told Premier League Productions. "It’s been a real challenge here and I am more and more settled every day. I feel better and better with each passing game. "At the same time, we know we all can’t be perfect in every match. We do make mistakes. "But I feel good, I feel at home at Arsenal. It’s a great squad to be a part of and together I am sure we can achieve a lot. I am very happy here." Arsenal could be set to welcome back French defender William Saliba ahead of next season following his loan spell with Marseille in France. His return could potentially increase the pressure on Gabriel and Ben White at centre-back, both of which have experienced a lack of competition for the shirt this term. Gabriel has made 31 appearances in the Premier League this season, missing just three matches. He has helped the Gunners keep 11 clean sheets during that period - while also contributing four goals.