Drivers have been urged to be careful when trying to save fuel as some tips could result in them being stranded on dangerous roads. Despite the cost of living crisis wreaking havoc in many drivers’ lives, the last thing motorists need is to find themselves stranded in the middle of a fast-moving motorway. One way of trying to make sure that a car burns as little fuel as possible is by taking unnecessary weight away from it. This can be done by taking out unnecessary items of luggage or even rubbish. However, one of the best ways of decreasing a car’s weight is by not filling the petrol tank all the way to the top and waiting until it almost runs out before re-fuelling. Drivers can choose to only fill it halfway to decrease weight, but they have to be careful not to run out of fuel in the middle of a motorway, especially on long journeys. READ MORE: Urgent warning issued to convertible drivers Dorry Potter, car and scrappage expert at National Scrap Car, exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Most methods to save fuel while driving or improve fuel consumption are actually about being a more responsible driver and car owner. “Tips such as ensuring your tyre pressure is correct, your engine oil is topped up, and not driving erratically for example are all habits drivers should adopt anyway. “The fact that fuel is now an expensive commodity has just made the need to ensure we are doing these things more important than before. The expert added: “The only dangerous tip I can think of is waiting until the tank is empty to refuel, for diesel vehicles, this can kill your engine completely and for all vehicles, it could mean you end up breaking down somewhere dangerous and without a petrol station nearby. DON'T MISS Motorway driver spotted with sofa and chair hanging out of car [SHOCKING] Drivers warned of motoring heatwave ‘havoc’ this summer [WARNING] Drivers urged to watch out for bees landing on cars in warm weather [REVEAL] “The other is not using the air-con or having windows down. “This is a valid tip for fuel efficiency and is recommended most of the time but as we approach the hot summer months, overheating in the car can be dangerous for the driver and passengers. “It can cause you to lose focus while driving which can lead to losing control of the vehicle which you can be charged for 'driving without due care and attention' - which carries a £100 on-the-spot fine and three penalty points on your licence. “If it goes to court that can increase to a maximum penalty of £5,000, nine points, and potentially a driving ban.” The average pump price for petrol in the UK reached 167.64p a litre this month, the RAC said, surpassing the previous record of 167.30p set on March 22. Compared to a year ago, when petrol averaged 128.38p a litre and diesel 130.80p, the cost of filling the typical 55-litre has risen from £70.61 to £92.20 for petrol and from £71.94 to £99.48 for diesel. An analysis carried out by the AA found that supermarkets offer the cheapest rates of petrol. Drivers can save an average of 4.7p per litre on petrol and 4.6p on diesel compared to oil company sites. However, motorists will need to deal with “pump price postcode lottery” which can see up to 8p-a-litre difference between towns. Several different websites offer search tools that allow people to find out where they can get the best value for money filling up their vehicle. Petrol Prices, for example, allows individuals to compare local fuel prices for free. After registering, motorists just need to enter their postcode and how far they’re willing to travel to find fuel. Alternatively, Confused.com offers a similar service, whereby drivers simply enter their postcode for a list of results to appear.