Angela Levin has claimed that Meghan and Harry will be keen to spot any "faults within the Royal Family" during their trip to the UK next weekend for the Platinum Jubilee. This comes as the Royal Family gears up for the monumental celebration which will commemorate the Queen's 70 years on the throne. Speaking to GB News this morning, Ms Levin said that Harry and Meghan's meeting with the rest of the royals will be "very tense". She singled out William and Kate as royals that should be aware and sensitive in each interaction with the Sussex couple. The royal biographer said: "I think Harry and Meghan will be very tense because they will be watching out for any faults within the Royal Family. "For example, if they are not spoken to nicely by Prince William and Catherine, they will take that as a sign that they are not welcome. "I think for Meghan, it will be very, very difficult for her." JUST IN: 'Divisive' Meghan and Harry brace for backlash from royal superfans  Ms Levin continued: "She said she didn't like the Royal Family. Harry thinks they are trapped. "And Meghan didn't like the UK. I think it's very, very hard for her to come back. "The question is are they coming back for genuine reasons because they also want amends with the Royal Family? "Or are they coming back because it will help their Netflix programmes?  "They are also going down in popularity in the US, and this trip will boost them because it will show they are still royals. "I hope it's the former, but it's hard to trust them." While Meghan and Harry prepare for the long-awaited trip, William is already busy with Platinum Jubilee inspections. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan face public 'hostility' from Platinum Jubilee crowds [VIDEO]Boris Johnson urged to lead the way by sending game-changing weapons [INTERVIEW]Meghan's recent appearances spark claims that Sussexes are in trouble [INSIGHT]  Earlier today, the Duke of Cambridge stepped out of Kensington Palace to carry out the Colonel's Review, the last inspection before the Trooping the Colour parade kicks off next week. Prince William donned the full Irish Guard uniform as he attended the event as the regiment's colonel. The Duke is expected to step in for the Queen during Trooping the Colour on June 2 and to take the salute on her behalf alongside Prince Charles and Princess Anne. They are also to ride on the parade as Colonels of the Irish Guards, Welsh Guards, and Blues and Royals respectively. It is also expected that the Queen plans to showcase "the heartbeat of her family and the future of the monarchy” to the world during the final balcony moment at the Jubilee Pageant next Sunday. The 96-year-old monarch will reportedly be joined by her three heirs, Prince Charles, Prince William, and Prince George, for the appearance. 