With the flip of a switch, Netflix has blocked one million people from accessing its website, mobile and tablet apps. The leading streaming platform has this week closed down shop in Russia following Vladimir Putin's decision to wage war on Ukraine. Netflix has previously announced that it would be pulling out of Russia, with this news revealed in March but it's only been this week that services have officially shut down. Netflix is not one of the Western sites that has been banned by Russian regulator Roskomnadzor. As such, Netflix users living in Russia have been able to get around the block with a VPN. For those struggling to access video on-demand platforms, we've reviewed the best VPNs for streaming available today. It's believed there are around one million Netflix subscribers in Russia. After the Stranger Things makers announced they were shutting down services in Russia customers filed a lawsuit demanding 60million Russian Rubles (around £741,000) in compensation. Netflix is one of the many western companies to pull out of Russia in response to Moscow's war in Ukraine. The conflict, which has been going on for over three months now, has seen Russia hit with numerous sanctions that are meant to apply pressure on Putin and Moscow.  An unprecedented amount of economic sanctions have been levied at Russia by the UK, US and the European Union (EU) while other boycotts have also been enforced to apply pressure. This includes Russian players being banned from the iconic Wimbledon tennis tournament as well as a huge amount of Western companies stopping operations in the region. Companies that have pulled out of Russia include household names such as McDonald's, Coca Cola, Heineken, Starbucks and as we already mentioned Netflix.  It's hoped these sanctions, with the Kremlin has admitted it didn't anticipate, will lead to extra pressure on Putin internally among the Russian public who are unhappy to lose access to popular brands. Speaking previously about its decision to withdraw from Russia, Netflix said: "Given the circumstances on the ground, we have decided to suspend our service in Russia." In latest attempts to apply pressure on Russia, EU leaders met this week to agree on a proposed oil ban on Russian imports. Such a move would hit Russian finances hard as Europe is the biggest buyer of Russian energy. The news comes as Russia's war on Ukraine has lasted for over 90 days, with fighting centred at the moment in the Donbas region. 