With all eyes on the forecast for the four-day bank holiday, the Met Office said that while there is still "plenty of detail to work out", a showery start could make way for finer, warmer conditions for the celebrations. BBC Weather's Louise Lear warned of a "gloomy" start the week ahead. She said: "It's a bit of a grey, gloomy start across that north Norfolk coast at the moment. "That's because the high pressure we had yesterday is moving away and we're under an influence of low pressure now. "A stronger, cooler wind source developing today and that's driving some showers at the moment. "For the remainder of the day, it remains likely we will see a real cluster of showers on and off. "Across England and Wales, there is sunshine and showers. Some of you will escape them altogether, others in the West Country will see rumbles of thunder by the end of the afternoon and a top temperature of just 16C. READ MORE: Brits brace for ‘cool’ week as cloud and rain brings thundery showers "As we go into Monday morning, the temperature will fall away to single figures quite widely. "In one or two spots we could see some low single figures as well. "We almost have a repeat performance on Monday with some showers around that are possibly heavy and thundery." The unsettled weather, bringing showers and clouds, is set to stick around until at least Wednesday, when temperatures will start creeping up again in the south, the Met Office said. Forecasters will be monitoring how a plume of warm air from over the continent behaves as the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend draws closer. It could bring heavy showers that may, however, be supplanted by drier weather and "rather warm" temperatures as a high pressure system moves in. Met Office deputy chief meteorologist Chris Bulmer said: "After a fine day for most on Saturday, and some on Sunday, cooler and more unsettled conditions will be quite widely established by Monday. DON'T MISS 'Approach carefully' How to get neighbours to turn the music down [INSIGHT]'Organic' homemade weed killers that won't harm your soil [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson says 'big bazooka of help will get us over crisis’ [VIDEO] "After a cool start to the week, temperatures are expected to return back to around average through the week. "What we're keeping an eye on for the latter part of the week is how far north this plume of warm air comes. This brings the potential for outbreaks of heavy rain in places. "There's still a lot to be determined for the Jubilee weekend forecast. On balance, it looks like after a showery start, though still fine in places, high-pressure will attempt to build from the west, bringing more settled and drier weather, at least for some." With thousands of street parties and outdoor celebrations planned across the country to mark the Queen's 70-year milestone, many will be hoping for a repeat of the sunshine that prevailed during her Diamond Jubilee festivities in 2012.