The Chase host Bradley Walsh, and viewers at home, were rooting for a contestant called Annie to make it through to the final of the latest instalment of the ITV game show. Ahead of competing against Jenny 'The Vixen' Ryan, Annie admitted she had lost her diamond engagement ring and wanted to win the jackpot so she could buy a new one. Bradley welcomed players Mark, Izzie, James and Annie onto Friday's instalment of The Chase. Mature student mark raised £7,000 in his cash builder round and sailed through to the final after going up against Jenny. Izzie also raised £7,000 and went with the team's advice and played for £5,000 in the next round. "The lower one is the only safe-ish offer," The Vixen told Izzie following her decision. READ MORE: ThisMorning guest breaks down over heartbreaking dognap Unfortunately, Izzie was not able to beat Jenny and was soon sent home. Secondary school teacher James raised £4,000 in his opening round before going head-to-head with Jenny for a whopping £40,000. Despite his best efforts, he was soon caught out by the Chaser over a question about Olympic horse riding. Annie, who was the final contestant of the show, explained how she wanted to buy a new engagement ring after losing the one her partner bought her.  She raised an impressive £8,000 in her opening round and was offered to play against Jenny for minus £1,000, £8,000 or £73,000. She went for the middle option. The round started to get extremely tense as Jenny began closing in on Annie. Bradley asked Annie: "'He does dress better than I do, what would I bring to the relationship' is a line from which film?" The options were, Clueless, Cruel Intentions and Never Been Kissed, and Annie admitted she had no idea what the answer was. DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh stunned by The Chase's player connection to Mark Labbett [LATEST]The Chase's Darragh Ennis delights fans as he renames The Beast  [UPDATE]Bradley Walsh fumes over The Chase player's wrong answer [LATEST] She needed to get it right to get a step closer to home and took a wild guess by selecting Clueless. To her and Bradley's surprise it was the correct answer, with Bradley exclaiming: "Oh what a guess, you are a step closer to home. What a guess that is." Annie needed to get one more question right in order to make it into the final with Mark and was asked about a gorilla in London Zoo's name. She was thrilled when she got the answer right and shouted "yes" as she put her arms in the air.  Bradley said she was "absolutely brilliant" and was relieved she had made it into the final. Mark and Annie were playing for £15,000 in the final, but they were unfortunately caught out with three seconds remaining. Following their defeat, Bradley said: "Annie, you have been absolutely enchanting and great fun, I hope you have enjoyed it." Jenny added: "I have astonished myself that I managed to catch you as you saw I struggled to build a rhythm." The Chase continues on weekdays at 5pm on ITV. 