Angela Levin has condemned Meghan Markle and Prince Harry for acting "impolite in the extreme" for keeping the Queen waiting on whether they will travel to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Speculation over whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will make it to the Jubilee events in early June have dominated discussions around the Queen's historic anniversary. So far the pair have refused to confirm whether or not they will make any of the events, while this week it was suggested that Harry could miss the Jubilee in favour of playing a polo match. Ms Levin said: "He is going ahead with it because they know they won't answer back or are too dignified to answer back. "It must be a game. The Jubilee has been planned for ages and he is still making up his mind whether he might be able to fit it in. "It's impolite in the extreme. He could just say I don't think I can come, or I really can't make it. "That said, if the Queen is unlikely to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony, I think we don't want Prince Harry there, or Prince Andrew there because it looks wrong." JUST IN: Meghan 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role' - claim  The royal biographer told GB News: "I don't want to see them there in place of the Queen because she can't manage it. "Maybe he doesn't want to be stuck at the back, all this pushing forward and pushing in line. "I just think it's such a disappointment." Earlier in the segment, GB News host Colin Brazier remarked that "Harry was up to his old tricks".  Ms Levin responded: "He's plotting, one step after the other, trying to bring the monarchy down. "What else is he trying to do but destroy it?" Earlier this week it was reported that Harry had pledged to play a full season of polo in California - running across the Bank Holiday weekend. DON'T MISS: Royal LIVE: Sussexes have 'nothing to show' as Firm 'needs them back' [LIVE BLOG]Kay Burley erupts as Dowden scrambles to defend party results [VIDEO]BBC Weather: Britons warned 'have a brolly at hand!' amid downpours [FORECAST]  Meghan Markle's friend Omid Scobie reported that Harry will play in the Cheval Athletics USPA Intra-Circuit which runs June 3rd-19th. This commitment could mean that Harry is not planning to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Jubilee bank holiday begins on Thursday, June 2, running to Sunday, June 5, with Royal Family appearances expected on the Buckingham Palace balcony at either end of the celebration. Speaking to the Daily Mail this week, Ms Levin responded: "Harry's priorities of polo over Jubilee blow away any hint he really cares about his grandmother, whatever excuses he comes up with. "Many people will be relieved he stays away but not the most important person of all - the Queen." 