Poland boss Czeslaw Michniewicz has declared that he would like to see Robert Lewandowski, the country's all-time leading goalscorer, sign for Liverpool this summer. The prolific marksman announced his intention to leave Bayern Munich on Monday after eight years with the club, and a number of Europe's top sides are expected to sniff out a potential deal. Lewandowski delivered the dagger into Bayern fans' hearts on Monday by announcing his desire to leave the German giants. Such rumours originally surfaced last summer, when it was thought that the frontman would be keen on a new challenge after tearing up German football for over a decade. "One thing is certain today, my story with Bayern is over," he said. "I realise a transfer will be the best solution for both sides. I hope they don't stop me." And the striker's national team boss, Michniewicz, has publicly called for him to head to Anfield. "I'd like to see Lewandowski in Liverpool since I'm a supporter of the club," he exclaimed. JUST IN: Chelsea have two players who could be about to soften Aurelien Tchouameni transfer blow Barcelona have already been heavily linked to the free-scoring Pole, who finished the last three campaigns having scored at a rate of more than one goal per game. It remains to be seen if the Catalan side have the financial capacity to afford his transfer fee or wages amid rumours of 'economic ruin', given that he has one year remaining on his Bayern contract.  That could leave the door open for Liverpool to swoop. Jurgen Klopp spent four seasons working with Lewandowski at Borussia Dortmund, where the frontman went from a relative unknown who bagged eight in his debut campaign to a seasoned continental goalscorer. READ MORE: Newcastle have four targets Dan Ashworth can make his first signing A move for Lewandowski could make even more sense given recent developments suggesting Sadio Mane is poised to leave Anfield over the coming weeks. The Senegalese forward has featured through the middle plenty of times this season, and the fact Bayern are front-runners to land him could, in theory, create an avenue to open negotiations for the Pole to move in the other direction. At present, Bayern and the Reds are believed to be squabbling on price. Liverpool want £42.5million to let go of Mane, who is approaching the final year of his contract and beyond his 30th birthday, but the German side are attempting to drive the fee down.  Klopp reportedly had plans to partner Mohamed Salah with Kylian Mbappe this summer before the Frenchman surprised the world and signed a new deal with Paris Saint-Germain. Missing out was naturally disappointing, but luring in Lewandowski could allow the boss to put together an equally deadly trio. And that holds true even if Mane makes way, with the likes of Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota ready and waiting for more opportunities. At 33-years-old, Lewandowski's goalscoring exploits show no signs of slowing down as he finished last campaign with 50 goals in 46 matches. 