Emma Raducanu has been blown out of the French Open by a big-hitting Belarussian in the second round. And the US Open champion has now failed to win two matches in both her Grand Slams since her New York triumph.  The British No.1 took the first set against Aliaksandra Sasnovich under a blue sky on Court Suzanne-Lenglen. But the world No.47 then took control of the match to win 3-6 6-1 6-1 in just over two hours - and broke Raducanu’s serve five times. The Bromely teenager lost to then world No.100 Sasnovich in her first match after her US Open triumph at Indian Wells last October. The world No.12 insisted before the pre-match that she was now a better player but the Belarusian has also steadily climbed up the world rankings since and she showed her power and tactical astuteness to again beat the Major champion. The British No.1 gave out a scream and fist pump after her first two service holds - and she needed to save two break points before drawing the match at 2-2.   Raducanu then raised her game to hit three winners in the next Sasnovich service game - including a forehand down the line on break point - to lead 3-2. She saved another break point in the next game - and all three break points in the first set - before holding and taking the opening set in 45 minutes. But this was not to be a procession into the third round as Sasnovich came out firing with her fearsome forehand. The Belarusian broke in the first service game with a forehand winner and took her fourth break point in the next game with a backhand drop shot to lead 3-0.   Raducanu needed 26 minutes to get on the scoreboard to trail 4-1 but she was broken for a third time to lose the set 6-1 - and won only two points on the Sasnovich serve in three games in the set. In the third set, Raducanu stepped up closer to the baseline while the speed of the Sasnovich second serve dropped down to only 72mph. The world No.12 saved a break point in her first service game but then at 1-1 had five break points - including a great chance to pass Sasnovich at the net with her forehand on the first - without taking one in a crucial 13-minute service game. The Belarusian then immediately broke to lead 3-1 in the next game when the British No.1 framed a forehand over the baseline. She was then broken for a fifth time to trail 1-5 and Sasnovich closed out the match with her first match point with a backhand winner down the line. 