A Picasso painting owned by the late Sir Sean Connery has sold for £17.7 million at auction with proceeds set to help causes in Scotland and the Bahamas. The late James Bond star's family put the artwork up for sale to raise funds for the Sean Connery Philanthropic Fund. It will donate money to good causes in Scotland and the Bahamas, where the star lived with his wife Micheline for more than 30 years. Edinburgh-born Sir Sean bought Buste D'Homme Dans Un Cadre a few years before his death aged 90 in October 2020. The 1969 painting was sold in Hong Kong yesterday by auction house Christie's and had been expected to fetch at least £15million. Auctioneer Georgina Hilton wore a Bond-style tuxedo in tribute to 007 and described the painting as “sensational”. READ MORE: 'Boring uptight c***s!' James Jordan defends Ricky Gervais amid fury The bidding started at £10 million and received five offers before attracting a final price of £17.7million, including the buyer's premium. The most expensive Picasso ever sold at auction was Les Femmes d'Alger (Version 'O') which sold for $179.4 million (£142 million) in 2015. Speaking before the sale, his stepson Stephane Connery, an art adviser, said: “Sean had an extraordinary sense of aesthetics, composition and movement honed by his career in a visual medium as well as his long marriage to Micheline, a fine and internationally-exhibited painter. “He loved and owned numerous works by Picasso, and upon seeing Buste D Homme Dans Un Cadre, he was captivated by its expressive power and freedom. “It seems fitting that this work would be sold in Asia as Sean had a tremendous affinity for Asia and its culture.” He added: 'Before Sean passed away in 2020, he allocated a sizeable portion of his estate to be used for philanthropic purposes. “We - his family - are now working to create a fund that will offer support to organisations that reflect Sean's interests and passions, and serve to keep his legacy of integrity, opportunity and effectiveness alive. “These efforts will be focused in Scotland, where Sean was born, and the Bahamas, where he lived for over 30 years and adored like his homeland.” DONT MISS:Denise Welch sparks frenzy as she flaunts curves in swimsuit (PHOTOS)Bond Girl Ursula Andress looks breathtaking in unearthed photos (NEWS)‘A fighter and a champion’ Alec Baldwin announces mother’s death (LATEST) The painting is one of Spanish artist Picasso's musketeer portraits and is described by art experts as “one of the finest and most striking of the artist's paintings from the last decade of his life”. Adrien Meyer, Co-Chairman of Impressionist and Modern Art at Christie's, said: "It is a privilege for Christie's to have been entrusted by the family of Sir Sean Connery with the sale of this fabulous Picasso self-portrait. "No wonder is it that a titan of the film industry was drawn to this tour de force by the greatest modern art titan of all. "This is simply one of the best works by the artist of his late period to ever come to market." Oscar-winner Connery died peacefully in his sleep at home following a battle with dementia in October 2020. Last year in remembrance of the James Bond icon, his 25-year-old granddaughter Saskia Connery, took to Instagram to share a collection of unseen personal photos on the first anniversary of his death. She posted a series of loving photos of herself with her grandfather over the years, and told her 20,900 followers how she misses her "best friend" every day. Going through the family photo album, Saskia also shared a sweet caption on her Instagram Stories, writing: "One year without my best friend. "Love you forever and miss you every day." In one of the images, Saskia can be seen sitting on Sir Sean's lap, planting a kiss on his cheek as he smiles tenderly at her.