Mr Browder spoke to Express.co.uk about why Vladimir Putin decided to invade neighbouring Ukraine. The American-British financier discussed Putin's approval ratings with the Russian people. Mr Browder claimed Putin only started the bloody onslaught on Ukraine to gain high approval ratings. The war in Ukraine has been raging for over three months, with no sign of slowing down as peace talks have been put on pause.    Mr Browder told the Express: "I think the only reason he's invaded Ukraine is to start a war. "And he started a war in order to secure his power in Russia, I believe this is nothing to do with Ukraine. "If you look at the two previous wars he started, one in Georgia and one in Crimea, his approval rating skyrocketed as they have with this one. "I don't believe there is an end game, and I think the end game is being at war, in order to have high approval ratings. So that the Russian people don't kick him out at some point." JUST IN: Ukraine LIVE: 'Apologise!' Chechen warlord threatens EU country after public humiliation     Various political and military experts have been speculating as to why Putin has decided to attack neighbouring Ukraine. The head of RT Margarita Simonyan claimed the reason that Russia is refusing to bomb Ukraine with nuclear force is that Ukraine is part of Russia and they would be the ones to clean it up. Ms Simoyan told Russia 1: "If we wanted to couldn't we have dealt with Ukraine in a matter of hours not days? "But we're conducting a special military operation that's why it's not war, we pity all of them over there. READ MORE: Ukraine pulls rug from under Orban with stark threat as Hungary blocks Russia sanctions     "We understand that there are many of our people who are hostages of those who are ours, it's not written on them which is which. "We'll figure that out later, we cant separate them some here, some there. "And strike some with Sarmat [missile] we'll be the ones having to rebuild it, liberated territories are already de-facto ours, I'm afraid to use that word." Another expert warned that the future of her country Georgia which also neighbours Ukraine and was invaded by Russian forces last in 2008, relies on the freedom of Ukraine.  DON'T MISSPutin nightmare as huge NATO summit to take place near Russia TODAY [INSIGHT]Women in Moscow-backed Kherson avoid makeup to escape sexual assault [ANALYSIS]Putin threatens WW3 as Russian strikes could hit NATO supply lines [INSIGHT]    An associate fellow at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI), Natia Sesuria discussed with the Express exclusively, if there was a possibility that Russia will try to re-unify Georgia to Russia as they are doing with Ukraine. Ms Seskuria said: "I hope not, but in a sense, our fate is now being decided in Ukraine. "We don't know how this war will end, and we don't know what kind of concessions there will be from either side. "If Ukraine declares neutrality I think there is a real threat that we will be demanded to do the same. "I don't think Russia is necessarily going to re-invade Georgia anytime soon, but this doesn't give us the space to sleep well at night. 