The incident happened at Kenjeran Park, known as Kenpark, in the city of Surabaya located in the Indonesian province of East Java on Saturday. According to local media reports, a section of the water slide collapsed and riders plummeted from a height of around 10 metres to the ground below.According to local reports the injured were treated in hospital.  Surabaya Mayor Eri Cahyadi asked the city's health office and the women empowerment and child protection, population control, and family planning office to give the victims help until they recover. He said: “The Surabaya City Government will provide trauma-healing assistance to be carried out by the offices to all victims. “They are accompanied until full recovery. “One victim did not experience any problems, and after a CT scan, (the victim's) condition was normal and there were no fractures and other injuries.  “But (the victim) experienced dizziness, and must be hospitalised and observed by the medical team, Insya Allah (God Willing), it would not be something, thus, we pray together.” Video footage of the incident captures the moment children fell to the ground. One video shows a section of the water slide collapsing as water flows into the ground and the impact of people hitting the tarmac can be heard. Onlookers then rush forward to help while others scream in shock READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as Russian troops 'pushed away'  In the second video a rider can be seen sitting on the ground as the collapsed section of the chute can be seen lying on the base of the ride. According to reports, the collapse happened because the ride had worn out and weakened over time. At the time, many visitors were playing on the slide, therefore some of them fell off it when it snapped. However the park's management said it happened because it was overloaded. DON'T MISS: Russian jets found with GPS taped to dashboard [REVEAL] Russia losing allies 'in its own backyard' [INSIGHT] Mount Merapi volcano warning: 2022 eruption 'not difficult to imagine' [SPOTLIGHT]  They said maintenance was carried out on the slide about nine months ago. The deputy mayor of Surabaya, Armuji, called for the immediate inspection of other amusement parks in the area in order to avoid similar accidents from taking place in the future. He also told owners of amusement parks to follow necessary safety measures in order to protect the well-being of their visitors. After the incident the water park was closed as the police carried out investigations. The full police investigation is still ongoing. 