What is wrong with people trying to help themselves, or is it entirely the responsibility of the Government to do it for them? In the mid-1970s, when my wife and I were newly married, I worked all the overtime possible and my wife moved several times to better paid jobs, sometimes even holding down two jobs to help make ends meet. As usual, Labour don't have a better idea. The culture of the Civil Service hasn't changed from my time in employment as a public servant, says David Fleming, from Downham Market, Norfolk. The problem is these employees think they are untouchable. I remember when a colleague applied for three weeks' leave to go on a cruise but was restricted to a fortnight. Undeterred, he went ahead and for the third week got the ship's doctor to fax a "sickie".The certificate was upheld and sick leave with full pay was awarded. Is it inflation or extortion? Whatever you call it, it is the rich getting richer and the man in the street paying for it, says Steve Fox, from Lambourn, Berks. During Covid the Government paid companies billions of pounds in furlough to ensure we still had an economy. We now have companies inflating prices, using every excuse under the sun to justify them. Surely any company posting profits should be repaying the furlough money prior to paying dividends. Am I the only one who is fed up of hearing excuses from Boris Johnson, Bank of England Governor Andrew Bailey and others, saying nothing can be done about rising fuel and food bills? asks Ken Willoughby, Pontefract, West Yorkshire. The answer is simple. Stop giving foreign aid money to countries like India and stop putting migrants up in four-star hotels. We have been keeping the rest of the world for far too long. It is time to look after our own. As someone who was forced to spend the first 27 years of my life living a lie, until homosexuality was decriminalised in 1967, I have the utmost respect and admiration for Jake Daniels, the Blackpool striker, who has come out as gay, says Robert Readman, from Bournemouth, Dorset. Sports personalities who come out will do far more to stamp out homophobia than any amount of pontificating by governing bodies.