After stepping down as senior royals, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed a deal with Netflix to create content that “informs but also gives hope”. The deal is estimated to be worth around $100m (£72m) but so far, no content has been published by Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40. However, a fly-on-the-wall documentary is reportedly in the works. Meghan and Harry are reportedly taking part in an "at-home with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex-style" docuseries according to Page Six. While a producer source claims the timing of the project is still up in the air, there has been speculation that the camera crews that followed Meghan and Harry around New York in September may have been gathering footage for it. Also, reports suggest the couple could be filmed during their return to the UK next month for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. In a column for News.com.au, royal commentator Daniela Elser commented on what she referred to as the “Duke and Duchess’ foray into what sounds awfully like reality TV territory.” "Can we ever take what we see them doing, saying or wearing at face value?” she wrote, raising the possibility that the show might already be being filmed. She questioned whether Meghan wearing a starlet-style outfit to a recent polo game of Harry’s – including a wide-brimmed black hat, polka dot blouse and red lipstick – was a “made-for-TV moment”. She claims this is because “despite having been photographed at polo matches for years, we have never seen a look like this before” from Meghan. She points out that on previous visits to the polo to watch her husband take part, Meghan has opted for a more casual ensemble and didn’t appear as if she had “spent hours in hair and makeup before venturing forth”. READ MORE: Kate left 'in stitches' when mistaken for Prince William's assistant In her column she wrote: “Now that all signs point to Harry and Meghan filming a ‘docuseries,’ can we believe what we see? “Having reportedly crossed over into what sounds a lot like reality TV world, can we ever take what we see them doing, saying or wearing at face value? “Sure, there’s an argument to be made that inviting cameras along for the ride is one way to attract attention to the causes they care deeply about, including mental health and gender equality, but a more insidious consequence is that going down this route undermines their personal motivation.” She claims that for every future appearance of theirs whether that be a humanitarian outing or charity event, “the question will be, are they doing it for altruistic reasons or because it will make good TV?” DON'T MISS Prince Andrew visiting Queen DAILY to 'make amends' to monarch [INSIGHT] Queen welcomes 'commoners' into Royal Family after Fergie 'disaster' [REPORT] Sussexes face US backlash as 'Californians have no idea who they are' [REVEAL] Camera crews also shadowed the couple during their trip to the Netherlands last month, with the footage said to be used in a documentary entitled Heart of Invictus. The project is set to be released later this year and charts the journey of some of the competitors who took part in the sporting event. The Invictus Games is for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans and was launched by Prince Harry in 2014. The couple were filmed when delivering speeches and when speaking with contestants plus also while taking part in activities including a driving challenge with children. Another show in the pipeline for the couple was scrapped by Netflix amid a series of cost-cutting measures. The animated series with the working title ‘Pearl’ was to follow a young girl finding inspiration from women throughout history. At the time of announcing the show was in the pipeline, Meghan said: “Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life’s daily challenges.” Pearl was described as being a “heartfelt adventure comedy series”, and Meghan was expected to serve as executive producer alongside David Furnish – Elton John's husband.