The Oppenheim Group ladies have opened up about shooting the tumultuous fifth season of Selling Sunset to Queer Eye’s Tan France in the Netflix reality show’s latest reunion special. Many of the real estate stars also delved deeper into their personal lives behind the scenes, and Heather Rae Young had an exciting update about her experience with IVF. Heather revealed she and Tarek have started taking the next steps to become pregnant through IVF treatment. The Selling Sunset star is already a step-mother to Tarek’s two sons with his ex-wife Christina Haack, whom he divorced in 2018. After considering whether or not she wanted children of her own, Heather revealed she and Tarek had finally reached a conclusion on this year’s reunion episode. She told Tan: “I froze my eggs a couple of years ago, and at that time, I wasn’t sure I wanted to have my own kids.” READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role Tarek's first child Taylor was born in 2010, while his second, Brayden, was born in 2015. The Netflix star has already played a key role in raising the two boys, but has now decided she wants to give them another sibling. “I’m raising two beautiful children,” Heather explained. “I’m obsessed with them. “I’ve been in their lives now for almost three years. It is very challenging being a mum and balancing life and balancing work and everything.” “As I fell more in love with them, and my husband, I started thinking about wanting to create something with him, and wanting to have a child of my own.” Although the real estate stars had their doubts, Heather and Tarek eventually agreed to continue their journey with IVF. She continued: “At first, we were both like, ‘I don’t know, can we do this? Can we balance everything? Do you want to start over?’” “And we just came to that realisation we wanted a baby,” she finally announced to her captivated colleagues.” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul season 6: Bryan Cranston teases secretive return [SPOILERS]Blue Bloods boss’ real reason behind Frank and Crawford feud [INSIGHT]NCIS LA’s Chris O’Donnell felt ‘uncomfortable’ with co-star [INTERVIEW] “I was luckily able to do another round of egg freezing more recently, and we decided to create embryos. We got four embryos.” Heather was keeping the sex of her potential child under wraps for now, but she was able to confirm she and Tarek have at least two healthy options to try for pregnancy in the near future. “We have two very strong embryos,” she revealed. “They’re the same gender. I don’t want to reveal it.” Tan asked: "You know, but you’re not going to let the world know yet?" When Heather confirmed, the host replied: “Good, I love that.” Heather received a warm round of applause from her Oppenheim Group colleagues, before Tan moved onto something a little more light-hearted. “You said on the show that you’ve never had an Oreo!” Tan accused. Further updates on Heather’s IVF process were recently postponed while Bray recovers from emergency appendectomy surgery, which she detailed on Instagram. Hopefully, though, it sounds like it may not be long before the Oppenheim Group welcomes another member of the family ahead of Selling Sunset’s sixth season. Selling Sunset seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix.