Manchester United have been told they will need to table at least £64million in order to open negotiations with Benfica for Darwin Nunez. The prolific Uruguayan marksman has become the talk of European football this season following a series of stellar displays on the continental stage in the UEFA Champions League. Nunez has also netted 34 times in all competitions, which includes 26 in the Primeira Liga in Portugal. His stock is seemingly on the rise with every game that goes by and United are one of the main names in contention for his signature. Erik ten Hag wants a new No 9 - even though he's expected to keep Cristiano Ronaldo at the club - and there's a sense Nunez ticks all boxes, with some reports even claiming the 22-year-old is the Dutchman's 'dream signing' in attack. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has been taking note of Nunez's value and he believes an offer of at least £64m is the best way to approach negotiations. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag admits Man Utd move 'difficult' in emotional interview after Ajax seal title Speaking on the Wondergoal Podcast, the Italian said: "It will depend on the price because, for example, in January on deadline day, West Ham made a proposal of €45m (£39m) and it was turned down because Benfica wanted €55m (£47m). "Now I think with €55m, you are absolutely not buying him. So, what is needed is around €75-80m (£64m-£68m) million for Darwin Nunez, to open negotiations with Benfica. "He now has a new agent that is really close to Jorge Mendes so it's gonna change the future of the player. "So, everything is absolutely open but I'm sure Darwin will be ready to leave Benfica in the summer and make a big move in the summer." DON'T MISSSeven players watched by Manchester United scouts since March ahead of transfer shake-upSolskjaer 'ready to return and has received Premier League approaches' since Man Utd axeMan Utd rocked with Newcastle to celebrate Prem survival with '£60m Darwin Nunez bid  Express Sport understands United have scouted Nunez upwards of 15 times this season including both Champions League quarter-finals against Liverpool, in which he scored. The club have also reached out to Benfica to gain a greater understanding of the value of the player. Ten Hag is said to be a huge fan of Nunez, who headed home the winner for Benfica to dump Ajax out of the Champions League in March. He has played with a target man in Amsterdam this season in Sebastien Haller and Nunez certainly fits that profile. Newcastle are in the fray though and there has been some suggestion they are prepared to offer up to £60m for the South American attacker. Paris Saint-Germain have also held discussions for Nunez as they potentially prepare for life after Kylian Mbappe. The Frenchman remains in talks with PSG over a new contract with Real Madrid ready to sign the World Cup winner on a free transfer. Atletico Madrid and Arsenal have also shown interest in Nunez.