Racheal Maclean argued households struggling to afford essentials, including those regularly accessing food banks, need to take on more work hours to cope with rocketing prices. The Tory Minister suggested individuals should seek better paid employment and work longer hours in order to generate better income amid the cost of living crisis. Speaking to Sky News, Ms Maclean said: “Over the long term we need to have a plan to grow the economy and make sure that people are able to protect themselves better, whether that is by taking on more hours or moving to a better paid job.  These are long term actions but that is what we’re focused on as a Government.” Sky News host Kay Burley responded: “You say taking on more hours - some people that I’ve been chatting with, Minister, some people are working three jobs. “They’re working every hour that God sends them and they’re still going to food banks to get food because they can’t afford to feed their kids, so it’s not as straightforward as that is it?” Ms Maclean continued: “No, of course it’s not and I’m not suggesting that for one moment. “We have often heard in the past when people are facing problems with their budget that one of the obstacles, and it may not be for everybody, one of the obstacles is about being able to take on more hours or even move to a better paid job.” Ms Maclean suggested families struggling with the current condition of the UK economy should work more hours to create greater disposable income. She added: “Of course, it's an individual situation depending on that particular family situation but that’s why the job centres exist, that’s why the work coaches exist. “That’s why we put the support into those job centres to work with those individuals on their own individual situation. “It may be right for some people, they may be able to access additional hours.” Read more: Turmoil ahead as unions threaten summer of chaos, warns LEO McKINSTRY The Tory MP highlighted the job centre support already available to individuals seeking guidance on their employment. “Of course, it’s not going to work for people who are already working three jobs. “That’s why we need to have the other measures in place such as all the help we’re putting into the schools, the help with the local authorities, the help and support that I’ve already mentioned. “These are where we’re going to target the help where it’s most needed.” Don't miss:Brighter days ARE ahead for UK economy [ANALYSIS]Tory MP defends food bank comments after Leftie outrage meltdown [REPORT]Brexit was NOT a mistake as leaving EU declared ‘best thing’ [INSIGHT] The price of essentials has soared as inflation in the UK rose to a thirty year high. The Government has come under pressure to outline new measures to support households struggling to cope with the cost of living crisis. In a statement to the House of Commons, the Prime Minister suggested new measures would be swiftly introduced to support families across the UK. Shortly after, the Treasury was forced to clarify Boris Johnson’s statement with a confirmation that no emergency budget would be issued.    Ravinder Barn, professor of social policy at Royal Holloway University of London, urged the Government to introduce support to ease the burden on low income families. She said: “Low income households are severely impacted by the cost of living crisis. “Higher inflation rates and the rising cost of fuel hits these families harder due to already low incomes, less disposable income, and less flexibility in their household budget. “The social consequences of this hardship manifest themselves in an array of social problems; and the economic cost for the state is greater in the long-run. “The current government needs to prioritise the cost of living crisis with immediate effect.”   