Stacey Solomon admitted it would be a "nightmare" if any of her Loose Women colleagues got her a stripper for her hen party. It comes after she chatted with fellow panellists Nadia Sawalha, Judi Love and Kaye Adams on Friday's episode of the ITV programme. During the segment, "Could you forgive a stag do slip-up?" the panellists shared their thoughts on the do's and don'ts at a bachelor party. Stacey rejected the idea of a stag do "slip up" or a "final night of freedom". During the conversation, the panel discussed what kind of behaviour people wouldn’t mind if people had "slip-ups" on stag dos, with Kaye bringing up the fact that it’s common for men to go to strip clubs for bachelor parties. Nadia asked: "Is there any leeway for a stag night?" READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog The 32-year-old replied: "No. Absolutely not." Stacey went on: "I mean, go and have fun and be with your mates. But why would you want to be with another woman?" She added: "If you want to be with another woman then don't marry me." Kaye then chimed: "Back in the day it was standard wasn't it? Guys would go to strip clubs.  "Women would have some kind of stripper come round." "If you girls got me a stripper for my hen do I’d be devastated," Stacey remarked, ahead of her wedding to Joe Swash. Nadia immediately went to calm Stacey’s nerves, telling her: "Don’t worry, we won’t. We know you well enough." The mum-of-four went on further and emphasised why she would not appreciate a stripper for her pre-wedding celebrations. DON'T MISS... Anne Robinson hints at move to TalkTV after quitting Countdown[LATEST]Meghan Markle's Netflix series Pearl might have been 'ratings winner'[ROYALS]James Martin's 'low-key' romance with Louise Davies[INSIGHT] "I would be devastated. I would hate that. Why would I… I mean, I don’t want to see anyone naked at the best of times," she said, laughing nervously. Kaye jokingly quipped: "Cancel the plans," as Stacey pleaded: "Please don’t!" Joe proposed to Stacey on Christmas Eve in 2020, having first started dating four years prior. The couple have two children together, three-year-old Rex and seven-month-old Rose. Stacey also has two older sons – 14-year-old Zachary and nine-year-old Leighton – while Joe also has an older son called Harry, 13. The happy couple are due to tie the knot in a sweet wedding ceremony in the back garden at their home in Pickle Cottage. Stacey recently took to Instagram and shared pictures of herself trying on wedding dresses. Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm.