The rise comes as millions of people have been hit with rising gas and electricity costs that have pushed household energy bills to unprecedented levels. The Consumer Prices Index (CPI) showed an increase from March, when the rate was seven percent and February, when it was 6.2 percent. Higher fuel and food prices, driven by the Ukraine war, are also pushing the cost of living up, with inflation expected to continue to rise this year. The escalating prices has also contributed to the rising cost of living, deepening the crisis affecting millions of low and middle-income families. The could fuel demands for the Chancellor to step up help for the most vulnerable people affected. Commenting on the rise, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rishi Sunak said: “Countries around the world are dealing with rising inflation. Today’s inflation numbers are driven by the energy price cap rise in April, which in turn is driven by higher global energy prices. “We cannot protect people completely from these global challenges but are providing significant support where we can, and stand ready to take further action. “We’re saving the average worker £330 a year through reducing National Insurance Contributions, changing Universal Credit to save over a million families around £1,000 a year, and providing millions of families with £350 each this year to help with their energy bills.” Inflation continues to move at fast pace, moving to the highest point seen in decades. Despite the Bank of England increasing interest rates in a bid to address the impact of inflation on the UK economy, their two percent target is no match for the inflation rate. Martin Lawrence, Director of Investments at Wesleyan, the specialist financial services mutual, said: “Inflation has turned into a runaway train, moving to the highest point we’ve seen in decades and further off track from the Bank of England’s two percent target. “We’re likely to see this landscape of high inflation for some time to come, so further interest rate rises are almost inevitable. As a result, there is a growing risk of a potential UK recession on the horizon and, combined with soaring living costs for households, today’s news is unsurprising but unwelcome. “Most families’ budgets are maxed out, but for those able to keep some money aside they need to make sure it is working as hard as possible and not languishing in accounts with low-level interest rates that will fail to keep pace with inflation.” Graham Wells, financial coach at Haddington-based GroWiser Financial Coaching: "The combination of high inflation and historically low interest rates could be seen as good news for borrowers. "The real value of debt is being eroded by inflation, yet interest payments remain relatively low. For savers, though, it's an entirely different story. "The current level of inflation is a horror story for savers. People who view bank deposits as 'safe' are now suffering from very real inflation risk. "The risk of stocks and shares can put people off investing, but savers need to prepare for this for any chance of capital preservation and long term wealth building. "Cash and equities both carry risks, just different types. Too much focus is being placed on the immediate price rises associated with inflation. "It creates anxiety, sure, and that's because we feel the immediate pain of having less money to spend. But it's just as important to plan for the longer term effects of inflation and that means making our money work harder. "Now is the time to review pensions, investments and savings, accepting that it's still wise to keep some cash aside for emergencies and short-term spending." The cost of living crisis is hitting the lowest income households hardest, as they spend a greater proportion of their income on fuel and food. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) revealed that regular pay, excluding bonuses, dropped by 2.9 percent in March when taking CPI inflation into account – the biggest fall since November 2011. The ONS said earnings, when adjusted for inflation, dropped by 1.2 percent in the biggest drop since 2013. Rebecca McDonald, Senior Economist at JRF said:“Inflation has hit a 40-year high. Yet last month, with prices already climbing, the Chancellor chose not to uprate benefits in line with inflation, leaving the basic rate of benefits at its lowest for 35 years. “Cuts and freezes to our social security system over the last decade left millions of families on low incomes struggling with the cost of living long before this crisis hit. Now, as the price of essentials like food and energy continue to soar, the Chancellor’s inaction will make an already desperate situation for many even worse. “The human cost of benefits lagging so far behind inflation is severe: parents skipping meals so their children can eat, families using a single lightbulb to limit electricity use, people cutting back on showers to save water. Allowing this to happen is a choice, and the government can and must choose differently. “For a start, the government can ensure that benefits match the real cost of living by increasing them in line with inflation. The government should then address the fundamental inadequacy of our social security system so that it actually provides the support it should.”