At the start of June, celebrations will be held up and down the British Isles to commemorate Queen Elizabeth II serving as the monarch for 70 years. Britons will be able to enjoy the festivities thanks to an extra-long four day bank holiday weekend, with a number of special events planned to take place at Buckingham Palace. But visitors could now face disruption after strike action was announced on the London Underground. On Friday, June 3 tube staff from the RMT Union threatened to walk out of Euston and Green Park stations. That same day the Queen will attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. Workers have listed bullying allegations and a “toxic working environment” as their reasons for taking the strike action.  READ MORE: David Jason admitted 'disappointment' over being knighted by Queen Lines that will be affected by the strikes include the Victoria, Jubilee and Piccadilly services at both stations. The strikes are planned to last all day but they will not affect National Rail services at Euston. Strike action could create travel chaos for tourists who are expected to flood the capital across the bank holiday period. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: “Staff at Euston and Green Park tube have suffered years of sustained bullying and intimidation by a manager who has created a toxic working environment.  “The union has tried in vain to reason with management, but they now will not let local representatives be part of a review into dismissals at the stations, instigated by the manager in question. “Our strike on June 3 will cause significant disruption to people wishing to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee. “However, if Tube bosses do the right thing, and deal appropriately with the manager in question, we can find a just resolution to this dispute.” The bullying allegations are believed to be under investigation by TFL, who have asked the RMT to call off the strikes as a matter of urgency.  DON'T MISS:  Royal Family: Major first as Queen hands William huge new role [INSIGHT]First photo of rat that tried to eat disabled pensioner as she slep [NEWS]Commons erupts in laughter at Blackford's order to 'sack the Treasury' [WATCH] A spokesperson for TFL said: “Despite the planned strike action, we expect to keep both Green Park and Euston stations open and ensure there is no disruption to our customers – something we know is especially important during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. “The remaining 270 London Underground stations will be unaffected and open as usual. “This industrial action is designed to target a weekend of important celebrations and we’re urging the RMT to call off this action and continue talks instead.” Marking seven decades of the Queen on the throne, the bank holiday weekend will take place from Thursday, June 2 to Sunday, June 5.  Members of the Royal Family will tour different parts of the UK across the four days to mark the celebrations. Among the Royals taking part are Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. The duo will spend some of the bank holiday weekend visiting Wales. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex will take a trip abroad to Northern Ireland. And Princess Anne will head north of the border to visit Scotland. 