On Saturday, May 14, the RAF's only World War II bomber is set to soar above Nottinghamshire. A single Avro Lancaster is set to fly above the Nottinghamshire Country Show at Newark Showground in the afternoon. The flypast is due to take place at around 3:30pm, and will be performed by the RAF Battle of Britain Memorial Flight as a reminder of the show ground's history. Organisers say it should occur at exactly 3:34pm, but specific timings will depend on weather and aircraft serviceability. The Avro Lancaster was made famous by Lincolnshire's Dambuster heroes of Squadron 617. Today's flypast is a reminder of the history of Newark Showground, which previously operated as RAF Winthorpe, and in tribute to the men of Bomber Comand who helps Britain to win the war, as well as the casualties that came as a result. READ MORE: FGM fears as Birmingham police raid unregistered school Pilots were taught how to fly Lancasters at the former training base, before they played a part in bombing raids over Germany during the war. The RAF's last airworthy Lancaster was built just a few days after VE Day in 1945. The aircraft, known as a PA474, was made to be used in the Far East, and now just two in the world remain flying. Instead of being used in combat, the Lancasters went on to be used for reconnaissance in Africa. DON'T MISSYork locals fume as streets overrun with noisy stag and hen parties [INISGHT]Sadiq Khan accused of 'schmoozing' USA as London 'falls apart' [COMMENT]Families fear for future as the cost of living crisis bites [REPORT] Show organiser Elizabeth Halsall said: “We’re thrilled to have been able to secured the appearance of such an iconic aircraft, which has so many strong links with this area and will help us to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in a fitting way. "The theme of the show is showcasing the best that the Nottinghamshire countryside has to offer and we have a brilliant line-up of events, stalls, entertainment and food and drink to keep everyone entertained all day long. “Central to everything will be the events taking place in the showground and I’ve no doubt that all eyes will be on the Lancaster as it passes over at, we’re told, 3.34pm.” This will be the first time the show has opened up to the public in two years. As well as the flypast, Newark Showground will also host livestock displays, rural skills, a family-friendly dog show, a Young Farmers Association lawnmower race and a food festival. Gates open between 9am and 5pm. Admission is free for children aged 6 and under. Adult tickets are £10 and can be bought online in advance.