F1 bosses have thrilled fans by confirming the Netflix series Formula 1: Drive to Survive has been renewed for a fifth and sixth season.The official F1 website made the announcement today, promising both the 2022 and 2023 campaigns will again be covered with exclusive behind the scenes footage.    The first season, covering the 2018 World Championship, premiered in March 2019 and its popularity proved such that three more versions were produced to cover the 2019, 2020, and 2021 campaigns. Since its debut, the series has been credited for helping introduce a new audience to the sport. At the 2021 British Academy Television Craft Awards, it was awarded the 'Best Sound: Factual' honour and then at this year's American Cinema Editors Awards, producers took the Best Edited Non-Scripted Series honour. The latest series is also nominated for two honours at the Sports Emmy Awards. However, it hasn't proved popular with everyone - drivers in particular. Amid accusations on footage deliberately being sensationalised, current world champion Max Verstappen has revealed he does not participate in filming, saying “people get the wrong idea” about what goes on. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton pain eased as Toto Wolff hints at Mercedes upturn with Miami 'experiments' Former world champion Jenson Button has also criticised the series, arguing he's a purist: "This has been my world for so many years, I know what’s fake and what isn’t: when a tyre squeal isn’t a tyre squeal,” he explained. “When the commentary isn’t actually the commentary for the race." However, in Thursday's statement, F1 chiefs pointed to the impressive viewing figures "The series has grown in popularity over time, with Season 4 attracting the biggest audience to date and breaking into the weekly Top 10 in 56 countries," it read.   "Offering unprecedented access, the new season will once again take fans behind the scenes to witness first-hand how the drivers and teams prepare to battle it out for the 2022 and 2023 championships. The series will offer never-before-seen footage and interviews from the sport’s biggest names." The most recent series focussed largely on the tensions between Lewis Hamilton and Verstappen as they battled it out for the title. It also highlighted the ongoing tensions between the team bosses at Mercedes and Red Bull, Toto Wolff and Christian Horner.