Earlier this month, Lady Louise Windsor took part in the first major event taking place to celebrate Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee. The Queen's granddaughter had the leading role in a particularly moving part and the Queen was moved to tears during the 18-year-old's touching tribute to her late grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh. At the event, the teenager led a horse parade while driving a carriage owned by the late Duke. During the performance, the Queen appeared emotional as she looked on from the stands. The Queen beamed throughout the show but was seen wiping away tears as she spotted Lady Louise driving her late husband's carriage during the performance. The 96-year-old monarch was sat near her son, and Louise's father, Prince Edward, and Louise's mother Sophie, the Countess of Wessex. READ MORE: BBC bias row erupts as anti-monarchists ramp up pressure over Queen's Jubilee coverage Sophie also appeared emotional as her daughter performed at the event. The teenager, who is 14th in line to the throne, was introduced as the show was coming to an end. She was followed by some of the Queen's most beautiful and valuable carriages. One of the carriages joining her was the golden state coach used on the Queen's coronation day. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's 'calm and stabilising influence' won over royals and British public The A Gallop Through History event was the second time in the space of a few days that the monarch watched Louise perform. Louise also led a parade during one of the Royal Windsor Horse Show events attended by the Queen in person a few days prior. The event, part of the Royal Windsor Horse Show, featured more than 500 horses and 1000 performers. Lady Louise, who has occasionally joined her parents on royal engagements, is following in her grandfather's footsteps to become an accomplished equestrian after inheriting his love of carriage driving. DON'T MISS At the late Prince Philip's funeral last year, the 18-year-old was spotted wearing a special brooch. The silver brooch represented a carriage, a horse head and a hoof – a touching nod to her grandfather's love of carriage driving. Louise is reportedly close to her grandmother, the Queen, and was close to her late grandfather.