From mulching to mowing, there’s plenty of gardening jobs Britons can be getting on with for National Gardening Week (May 2-8). David Mitchell, horticulture buying manager at Homebase, has shared his advice for Britons looking to get their gardens ready for the seasons ahead. The gardening expert said gardeners can “reduce” the number of weeds on their lawns by not cutting their grass “too short”. David exclusively told Express.co.uk: “If cut really closely, seeds on the surface will be exposed to sunlight and could actually start to grow. “Try mowing more frequently but at a higher setting, leaving more space between the lawnmower blades and the grass, so you’re not removing more than a third of the length.” British gardeners can help wildlife out in their garden by including certain types of plants. READ MORE: Interior design tips: Paint pro on why you should 'avoid white' walls These plants will create a haven for birds, bees and other wildlife. David said: “Fruit trees are a great source of seasonal food, and ivy will supply autumn nectar for insects, as well as late winter fruit for birds. “Bedding plants and shrubs will also provide nectar-rich food for insects such as butterflies and bees.” According to the expert, now is the “best time” to plant summer flowering bulbs. DON'T MISS‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas soil - the soil you need to help your garden plant grow [UPDATE]Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [ANALYSIS] These include favourites like pennies, dahlias and begonias. However, gardeners need to check out their garden soil before they start planting. It’s important gardeners dig and turn their soil to aerate it. David added: “Not only will this make it easier to plant, but it’ll also improve the quality of the soil for your garden plants to grow in.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Growing vegetables is a great family activity where everyone can get stuck in. Gardeners will need to find a good place for a raised bed which needs to be as level as possible. Remove debris and fill the raised bed with compost before planting Some of the “best things” to grow in May include tomatoes from seeds. The gardening expert suggested starting them off on a windowsill or buying a tomato plant to get a “head start”.  The easiest place to grow them is in a spot that gets a lot of sunlight and is sheltered from the weather. David continued: “Radishes are also one of the best vegetables to plant in your garden. “They’re great to do with children because they’re fast-growing and you can expect to harvest them just four weeks after sowing, so the kids can help plant and look after them. “Onions are also really easy to plant – and as they’re a vegetable that is needed for so many recipes, growing them at home will save you money in the long run.”