RIA Novosti, a state-owned domestic news agency in Moscow, alleged Polish citizens were among those being used as agents by the Foreign Intelligence Service of Ukraine. The Kremlin-backed outlet reported an interlocutor from a law enforcement agency as having said: “According to the data received by the Russian security forces from a source in the Ukrainian special services, the Foreign Intelligence Service of Ukraine (SVRU), since 2012, has attracted Polish citizens to confidential cooperation for active work in the Moldovan-Pridnestrovian direction.” RIA Novosti added: “In particular, one of the channels for collecting information on the Moldovan-Pridnestrovian relations was the expert political scientist Martin Kosenkovsky, born in 1981, a native and resident of the city of Lublin, an employee of the Catholic University of Lublin. “In the secret apparatus of the SVRU - since 2012 as an agent under a pseudonym 'Radim', was in touch with an active reserve officer under the pseudonym Nikolaev'.” However, this is not the first time Russia has accused Poland of contemplating an act of espionage. Sergei Naryshkin, the chief of Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service, said earlier this week: “According to the intelligence received by Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service, Washington and Warsaw are working on plans to establish Poland's tight military and political control over its historical possessions in Ukraine.” JUST IN: Putin plot: Kremlin 'targets NATO supply line' in terrifying escalation of war Poland had denied the claim and instead said it was an attempt by Moscow to spread disinformation. Stanislaw Zaryn, a spokesman for Warsaw's special services coordinator, replied: “The lies about Poland's alleged plans to attack western Ukraine have been repeated for several years. “The aim of Russian propaganda is to foster distrust between Ukraine and Poland, to undermine PL-UA cooperation.” Concern about Moldova has also led the European Union to promise military aid to the Moldovan capital Chisinau. Responding to the news, Moldovan Foreign Minister Vitaly Ignatiev said: “Of course such statements, such actions do not add to the calm, but on the contrary contribute to tension and interfere with the normalisation of the situation.” However, the UK's most recent intelligence update suggests the pro-Moscow Belarusians are most active in eastern Europe. The Ministry of Defence said: “Belarusian land forces have been observed deploying from garrison to the field, for exercises. “This is in line with seasonal norms as Belarus enters the culmination of its Winter Training cycle in the month of May. DON'T MISS:Durham Police should reopen Keir Starmer beer probe – POLL (POLL)Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ (INSIGHT)London Crossrail opening date confirmed after delays (REVEAL)