The Prince of Wales was in high spirits during a visit in London with Chancellor Sunak today, May 11. During a walkabout through East Street Market in Walworth Road, Prince Charles was asked how this more relaxed engagement compared with his appearance in Parliament on Tuesday. The heir to the throne chuckled to himself and replied: "Slightly different!" Prince Charles and Mr Sunak smiled and exchanged a few words with some of the people who stopped for them after they were seen leaving a JD Sports, where the pair had met young people employed by the company through the Prince's Trust Kickstart project. The Prince of Wales was hugely welcomed by the crowd, with one person shouting "God bless you" while another asked him how the monarch is doing. On the other hand, one woman appeared critic of the Chancellor, as she shouted: "Where is the help for the cost of the living?" Prior to the walkabout, the Prince of Wales heard how The Prince's Trust Kickstart scheme has helped more than 4000 young people find jobs in organisations including Marks & Spencer, Tesco and LADBible. The scheme was announced by the UK Government in the summer of 2020 in response to rising youth unemployment and the impact of the coronavirus pandemic. It provides financial support for employers who offer a six-month paid work placement to people aged between 16 and 24 at risk of long-term unemployment. READ MORE: Prince Harry slammed over 'ludicrous' attempt to claim key royal role This engagement came after the Prince of Wales stepped in for his mother on Tuesday and delivered the Queen's Speech in the Houses of Parliament for the first time. Prince Charles replaced Her Majesty after Buckingham Palace announced the monarch would have to pull out of one of her most important constitutional duties due to mobility issues. A statement shared on Monday evening read: "The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament tomorrow. "At Her Majesty's request, and with the agreement of the relevant authorities, The Prince of Wales will read The Queen's Speech on Her Majesty's behalf, with The Duke of Cambridge also in attendance." The Prince of Wales delivered the speech in his role of Counsellor of State, and was accompanied to Whitehall by another Counsellor, Prince William, and his wife the Duchess of Cornwall. To stress he was carrying out the speech on behalf of the Queen, the monarch's throne had been removed from the chamber. The 96-year-old sovereign was represented by the presence of the Imperial Crown. Her Majesty had only missed this key ceremony two other times during her seven-decade-long reign - first, in 1959, while she was pregnant with Prince Andrew and once again in 1963 while expecting Prince Edward. On both occasions, the speech was read by the incumbent Lord Chancellor. Yesterday marked a highly significant moment for the Prince of Wales and provided a glimpse into the future of the monarchy. However, it was not the first time the heir to the throne attended an event in lieu of his mother in recent months. Last November, he led the royal charm offensive in Glasgow when the Queen decided to no longer attend the evening reception at COP26. In March, the Prince of Wales represented the Queen at the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey, after it was announced the monarch would not attend it in person. And last month, for the first time, he attended the Maundy Thursday service at St George, stepping in for his mother.