BBC's Deborah James, 40, shared to her Instagram followers that she had been able to arrive at her book launch "at the crack of dawn" due to her loving husband, Sebastien Bowen. The Bowel Babe broadcaster gushed over her "rock" Sebastien and how they are able to "swallow the tears" and enjoy the last part of her life together. Deborah shared a picture of herself in a wheelchair with Sebastien kneeling down next to her outside RHS Garden before the crowds arrived. The brave star wrote a heartfelt message to her followers as she gushed over his help as her new book launched. She penned in view of her 756,000 Instagram followers: "Seb whisked me ( bit of a mission but worth it!) at the crack of dawn to @rhswisley before all the crowds., to say we'll be done for the book launch, and it was just perfect for an hour. "I haven’t left the house in 10 days as I have been too weak, and whilst I’m now going to snooze for most of the day (in the sun like a cat!) - I love this picture that reminds me of vibrant green life all around, despite the sadness of knowing the state of my body inside. READ MORE: Jane Fonda cheekily spills who her 'favourite ex-husband' is "But Seb is an utter rock for me and together we seem to be able to squeeze our hands, swallow the tears and laugh instead. She continued: "I’m blown away and utterly grateful by the response to the book pre-launch and the sheer numbers of you who have kindly ordered it. "Not only contributing to the @bowelbabefund but also making it number one in the best sellers Amazon list. "It’s always been my pipe dream to write a bestseller. My first book just missed out, so maybe just maybe I’ll never know about this one, but I’m sure I’ll be celebrating somewhere!!"  Many social media users rushed to the comments to compliment Deborah on the lovely picture. Davina McCall said: "How lovely! Ordered my book x so proud of you." Kirstyadele added: "Beautiful enjoy the little moments they mean the world xx." Linda.milestone commented: "You look fabulous as always. What a mega effort for your book. Well done.x." DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [INSIGHT] Jonnie Irwin grabs on to co-star Danni Menzies' thigh [PICS] Deborah James praises husband for 'swallowing tears' during book event [COMMENT] This comes as Deborah admitted yesterday that she was "gutted" that she will not see the publication of her second book. Her new book, How To Live When You Could Be Dead, was set to be published in January 2023 but is now set to be released in August. However, despite the efforts of her publishers, Penguin, Deborah does not believe she will be alive to see the release. This comes as she revealed last week that she was going to be receiving end-of-life care at her parents home in Woking as her body can no longer fight the disease. She announced a fundraising page, BowelBabe, to raise money for Cancer Research UK, with the fundraiser so far reaching over £6 million in donations. Due to her amazing campaign work, she was awarded a damehood. She then had Prince William round for afternoon tea and champagne as he presented her with the honour for her tireless fundraising efforts. Deborah was diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in December 2016, and was told early on that she might not live beyond five years, a milestone that she passed in the autumn of 2021.