Manchester United know they need a new striker this summer to ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo’s shoulders. And Erik ten Hag has identified Darwin Nunez as his top transfer target, with the Benfica star shining last season. Fortunately for the Dutchman, the Red Devils have already received a helping hand from Edinson Cavani - despite the veteran being poised to leave Old Trafford behind. Manchester United are set to lose Cavani on a free transfer. Anthony Martial is also expected to leave, with the France international regressing alarmingly over the past two years. And the future of Mason Greenwood remains up in the air, with the England international still suspended by the club following allegations made in January. Now, when it comes to landing a new forward, United are firmly in the race to secure the signing of Nunez. Few had heard of the Benfica star 12 months ago but, after netting 34 goals from 41 matches across all competition, the 22-year-old is now on track to become a household name. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And The Sun reported last month that United were getting a helping hand from Cavani when it comes to snapping up his fellow Uruguayan. It’s claimed the outgoing striker had given Nunez a ‘favourable reference’ about a move to Old Trafford. And that has boosted United’s chances when it comes to bringing the 22-year-old to the club this summer. Over the weekend, more details of Ten Hag’s interest in Nunez emerged. United will have to break the bank in order to land the Benfica star, with his current side looking for a fee in the region of £80million. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag That would make him one of the costliest signings in the Red Devils’ long history. But United are determined to back Ten Hag and are likely to bide their time as they look to haggle a fee. Nunez’s future lies in the hands of Jorge Mendes, who also represents Cristiano Ronaldo. And that’s something that’s worth noting given that, if Nunez arrives, Ronaldo could even end up playing second fiddle to him as he enters the twilight years of his career. Nunez, with his 34 goals, outscored all of United’s current forwards this term. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ronaldo netted 24 times, with the Portugal international returning to the club from Juventus last summer after 12 years away. And Martial, Greenwood and Cavani could only find the net nine times between them. Nunez isn’t the only player in United’s sights as they strive for an improved campaign next time out. They’re interested in defenders Jurrien Timber and Pau Torres, who have impressed for Ajax and Villarreal respectively. And they’re also keen on prising Frenkie de Jong away from Barcelona, even if the finances involved make a deal tricky. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, former United star Diego Forlan has urged his old team to land Nunez this summer. “I think that he is a very good player, a good kid who is doing really well at Benfica and is enjoying a strong season,” he said recently. “It is not just the Portuguese league where he is doing well but in the Champions League too. “He is a player who has a lot of potential and he could fit in at Manchester United. “But obviously, everyone needs to have patience, although he is getting better with more and more experience.”