As of Sunday 20 cases of the disease had been found in the UK. Cases of monkeypox have been reported in 14 countries, according to epidemiologists at Harvard University who are tracking the spread. The disease is usually mild but can cause severe illness in some cases. Symptoms include fever, headache, muscle aches, backache, swollen lymph nodes, chills and exhaustion. A rash can develop, often beginning on the face, which then spreads to other parts of the body including the genitals. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said today that the Government was "taking precautionary steps" following the outbreak. READ MORE: What does monkeypox look like? Six graphic skin changes to watch for  Those at the highest risk of contracting the disease are being asked to self-isolate at home for 21 days, with others warned to be on the lookout for symptoms. Mr Johnson's spokesman said: "The UK Health and Security Agency are monitoring this extremely carefully. "The facts, we know, is Monkeypox is not usually spread easily between people and the risk to others remains low. "A notable proportion of early cases detected have been in gay and bisexual men, so the UK Health and Security Agency is urging this community to be particularly alert. "It's true to say that most people usually recover within a few weeks and there is existing guidance already in place, that has been in place since 2018, which is regularly reviewed." He added: "Obviously we're taking a number of precautionary steps in light of some of these cases." DON'T MISS:Monkeypox Horror: EU nation begins mandatory quarantine [INSIGHT]Monkeypox: UK could see 'significant numbers' of cases soon - signs [UPDATE]Monkeypox outbreak now Europe's biggest EVER - more than 100 cases [LATEST]  Mr Johnson has not met with chief medical officer Professor Sir Chris Whitty on the disease but is "receiving regular updates on it", the official added. Monkeypox produces similar symptoms to those seen in someone who has smallpox, although it is often much milder. Routine smallpox vaccination ended in 1971 after it was eradicated in the UK. However, the NHS has stocks of the jab and a vaccine is being offered to very close contacts of those who have been affected.  Urging Britons not to panic about the rise in cases of Monkeypox in the UK, Chief secretary to the Treasury Simon Clarke told Sky News this morning that the disease is not a "repeat of" COVID-19. "We are cautious but we are certainly not in a position where I would in anyway worry the public that this is some repeat of Covid, because it certainly does not appear to be anywhere near the same platform of seriousness," he said. I am cautious but I am certainly not concerned about our ability to handle the situation. "There is a vaccine which is available and works for monkeypox, and all the evidence is that it is spread by physical contact. "That being the case, the risk of community transmission is much lower, we have a working vaccine, if people present with symptoms or have very close contact, then we are advising that they quarantine for three weeks but the threshold for that is quite high." 