Football icon Zinedine Zidane has picked Rafael Nadal to go on and win the French Open. The Frenchman is a fan of the game and way back in 2005 he presented Rafael Nadal with the La Coupe des Mousquetaires. That was the first of the Spaniard’s 13 titles in the French capital and the 1998 world cup winner believes he is the favourite to add to his impressive tally next Sunday. "The new generation is great, but I am from the older one. We'll try and keep pushing Rafael Nadal [as the favourite for the French Open] if he can,” said Zidane in an interview with Roland-Garros. “He's still here, so it would be great. But it's true that the new generation with Carlos Alcaraz will eventually take over," he added before he chuckled: "He’s won a lot of cups since,” in reference to Nadal, who won the last of his French Open titles in 2020. The 21-time grand slam champion has only lost three matches in his career at Roland Garros and may have to overcome the likes of great rival Novak Djokovic and Carlos Alcaraz if he wants to win a record-extending 22nd grand slam title. In the last few years, Roland Garros has undergone some refurbishments. The Court des Serres, renamed Court Simonne Mathieu, was opened in March 2019 ready for the 2019 tournament, as was the rebuilt Court Philippe Chatrier, with the retractable roof completed in time for the 2020 tournament. JUST IN: French Open home star accuses crowd of 'abuse' after injury retirement on centre stage   In 2021, the redevelopment of courts 2 and 3 and the renovation work at the Place des Mousquetaires were finished. This included the inauguration of statues to Nadal, Roland Garros, and the "Four Musketeers" (Borotra, Brugnon, Cochet, and Lacoste). Commenting on the changes to the tennis complex, Zidane said: “Even inside, it’s not just the stadium. Everything’s changed. Things evolve, which is good. “It's always a pleasure to be here and share moments like this in such a relaxed atmosphere and watch great athletes do their thing. "Roland Garros is such a legendary place, so whenever we have the chance to come here, we seize it." On Friday, ‘Zizou’ was in the stands to watch Nadal defeat Botic van de Zandschulp in straight sets to progress to the fourth round. DON'T MISS He will take on Canada's Felix Auger Aliassime in the last 16, and this will mark their first-ever meeting. The youngster is now coached by Nadal's Uncle Toni, and revealed he will not be watching on from his box or giving him advice. “We had the discussion, you know, it was black and white from the first time we started working together we knew it was a possibility that eventually I would play Rafa when I'm working with Toni,” this year’s Montpellier champion said of his match with the 13-time French Open winner. “And actually now he's present here in this Grand Slam. But I think Toni will watch from a neutral place and enjoy the match.  I don't think Toni will, you know, tell me anything new about how Rafa plays.” 