In the 2022 local elections, Labour won 264 councillors for a total of 2,980 seats across the UK. The party won an estimated 35 percent of the vote share, five points ahead of the Conservatives. However, its largest gains were in London and in the south, with Labour failing to make headway in Leave-voting seats in the north of England. Tom Slater, editor of Spiked magazine, said the results showed “Labour is as lost as ever”, due to the disparity between their performances in London and the rest of the country. He said: “By all accounts, Labour had a great night in London at the local elections. “We awoke to news this morning that Keir Starmer’s party had won Westminster council for the first time ever, Barnet council for the first time in 20 years, and Wandsworth council for the first time since 1978. “But bar the symbolic value of some of these gains – Wandsworth was Thatcher’s favourite – Labour doing well in London should not surprise us at this point. “It has been the party of London for some time, as the thinly veiled glee shown by our London-based media at these results amply demonstrates. “No, the real story of last night is the one Keir Starmer really doesn’t want to hear – that in the Red Wall, in Labour’s former heartlands, his party is either struggling or going backwards.”   Mr Slater, writing for Spiked, continued to note that Sir Keir Starmer’s Labour “is piling up support where it doesn’t really need it - in big cities like London” as it had been for several elections. He added that while the country is facing energy and cost-of-living crises, with fears of a recession looming, Starmer has little if anything to offer. The writer notes that the Labour leader's key selling point seems to be steadiness, but pointed out that this does not constitute a political programme. Labour's policy on Brexit - widely seen as a key factor in the party losing the Red Wall - is branded a "betrayal" in the scathing attack. READ MORE: Starmer humiliated as key London borough flips Prof Sir John Curtice, Professor of Politics at Strathclyde University, told the BBC “the loss of support for the Conservatives did not simply translate into Labour advance”. He noted Labour’s projected vote share “is no better than what the party achieved in 2018 when Jeremy Corbyn was still party leader”. Prof. Curtice then said: “The party did no more than maintain its 2018 vote in London, secure a small increase in the South of England, but was down three points in the north of England. “Its tally of just over 50 net gains of seats (most of them in London) is a reflection of the decline in Conservative support rather than of any electoral advance by Labour themselves since 2018.” DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Putin’s defence minister tipped as successor Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing McCanns dealt horror blow as Germans slap down 'total nonsense' claim In the local elections, Labour won control of both Cumberland and Rossendale councils, making a dent in the Red Wall. Prof Jonathan Tonge of Liverpool university told the Guardian: “It’s not an electoral performance that would get me rushing to the bookmakers to back Keir Starmer as the next prime minister. “But the Conservatives have got a lot to do to preserve an overall majority – and if they don’t get an overall majority, they’re in deep trouble.” The Tory vote on Leave-voting areas had failed by 3 percent, while Labour’s rose only by one point. Prof. Tonge said the party was “treading water” rather than making the gains that might be expected at this point in the electoral cycle. Despite this, Jo Stevens, shadow secretary of state for Wales, said the Labour Party is ready for government. She told Times Radio: “What the results this week have shown is that we have regained the trust of the British public. “For example, taking control of Barnet Council in London, which has a substantial Jewish population, demonstrates both to our party and to the country at large that Labour has changed under the leadership of Keir Starmer in the last two years and that we are ready for government. Taking control of Barnet Council is an obvious example. “We will continue to try to prove to the British public that the Labour Party is a party that is ready for government.”