Ken (played by William Roache) has been living at No.1 Coronation Street for most of his life but when he moved to Still Waters retirement home for a few short weeks, he handed over the deeds of the house to Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford). The ITV soap veteran eventually got them back but allowed his daughter and her family, including Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) and Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney), to continue living there. In recent weeks, the latter has moved out to live with her boyfriend, Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan), but as they end up back in the Barlow household, the reformed villain could be the reason the home comes to wrack and ruin. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Jacob and Amy continue to have difficulty living in their flat as they struggle to pay for electricity and gas. As they are still in the midst of the beginnings of their relationship, it isn't the dream start either of them had hoped for. For a few weeks, they've been hanging on to their pride and they haven't fallen back on the Barlows for any help or monetary support. When the couple sits down with Tracy and Steve in upcoming scenes, they agree they will move into the Barlow household. It has been hard for Amy's parents to accept their daughter is dating a former drug dealer but she tells them they are a package deal. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay involved in Underworld takeover It seems the Barlows are going to be spending a lot more time with Jacob and Amy, including Ken who doesn't seem to turn his nose up to anyone. When the youngsters drop their bags around at No.1 ahead of their first night staying there, Jacob notices some of the roof tiles need fixing. Keen to impress and to show he is not going to mess the family around, Jacob offers to message his friend who could fix up the roof. Having no connections to roofers of their own, it seems Steve and Ken would be pleased to have the teenager's support. However, this could prove to be a big mistake and one Jacob might not have seen coming either, although he is likely to get the blame. What could transpire is Jacob's friend could make a right mess of fixing the roof tiles and actually cause more damage to the structure of the house. This could then cause the home to become unsafe to live in as the damage could include water leakage, making the frame of the building weaker. Upon noticing their house is falling apart, Steve and Ken could instruct someone to come and have a look at the problem. They could explain the whole place would need to be gutted and reworked to make the structure a lot stronger than it is after the damage. Everyone could point the finger of blame at Jacob but the construction worker could explain because the building is so old, this is why it needs to be revamped. DON'T MISS...Sally Dynevor says she could ‘leave’ Coronation Street after 36 years [COMMENT]Kym Marsh health: Star on her 'horrendous' hernia recovery [COMMENT]Corrie's Antony Cotton accidentally lets HUGE soap spoiler slip [COMMENT] The Barlow family would offer their apologies to Jacob for blaming him but they would still be heartbroken over losing the home they once knew. Although the construction workers could say they would get the interior as close to the original as possible, they might not be able to get it 100 percent accurate. Therefore, the classic set of the cobbles-based drama could be transformed for the first time in over six decades. Ken would oversee the change of the home he has lived in since birth and it would mark the crossing over of the generations. With the completion of the set revamp more in time with a younger household, it seems this could become the permanent residence for Tracy, Steve, Amy and Jacob. Whether or not the Barlow residence gets a revamp, it seems some of Ken's past storylines could be getting a rejig as well. Most recently, his son Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) has been locked in a feud with David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) over his troublesome step-son, Max Turner (Paddy Bever). The two men, who used to get on well as neighbours, are now sworn enemies and it seems this storyline won't be ending anytime soon. Executive producer, Iain MacLeod, spoke with Express.co.uk and other media and explained how Ken is a fundamental part of the plot. Iain said: "I was struck with Daniel and David in many scenes – I asked if they’d had many scenes and Jack quipped that he maybe passed him a beer mat." "Having these two actors in really big angry and emotional scenes – both quite witty, it’s just dynamite," the soap boss added. "The moment I saw them going at it, I just knew. Why didn’t we do this before? "I don’t want to jinx it by saying it’s like Ken and Mike [Baldwin] but it has the potential to go on a long time. I hope it works." Is a new generation of characters and homeowners going to change the face of the cobbles forever? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.