In total 44 percent of respondents to an exclusive TECHNEUK poll for this website believe it likely or highly likely that the UK will not exist in its current form. Of those surveyed, 37 percent thought it unlikely or highly unlikely the union would break up. The worrying findings come after Irish nationalists Sinn Fein was elected as the largest party to the Stormont Assembly last week. It is the first time a party that advocates Northern Ireland leaving the UK has held the most seats. Separatist parties now lead two of the UK's four nations, with Nicola Sturgeon's Scottish National Party having governed in Scotland since 2007. Ms Sturgeon has vowed to hold an independence referendum by the end of 2023. READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon accused of operating Holyrood 'culture of secrecy' Meanwhile, Sinn Fein has said it believes a vote on a united Ireland could take place within five years. In light of the disturbing growth in support of separatist parties, TECHNEUK asked 1,634 UK adults: "After the success of Sinn Fein and the Scottish nationalists, how likely is it that the UK will break up and Nicola Sturgeon's dream come true?" Broken down, 10 percent said they believed it was "highly likely" the UK would split, with 35 percent saying it was "likely". Just eight percent said it was "highly unlikely" the UK would be broken up, while a further 29 percent said "unlikely". Boris Johnson has pledged to strengthen the United Kingdom as Prime Minister. When he first entered Downing street he appointed himself the role of "minister for the union" in a bid to strengthen support for the UK. DON'T MISS:Nicola Sturgeon's civil servants spent 4,000 hours on indyref2 plan [INSIGHT]Furious Sturgeon rages at 'massive' Tory plot as she BACKS Starmer [REACTION]Scots turn against Sturgeon's 2023 IndyRef plan, according to poll [UPDATE] Since then he has sought to hold off Ms Sturgeon's push for a second independence referendum saying "now is not the time" for a new vote. He has repeatedly pushed the importance of the four nations of the UK focusing on tacking issues caused by the Covid pandemic and the current cost of living crisis. Meanwhile, Mr Johnson intends to visit Northern Ireland on Monday to meet with parties in the province after last week's election results and to reiterate his support for the Assembly. In a statement released shortly after Sinn Fein's victory, Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis said: "The people of Northern Ireland deserve a stable and accountable local government that delivers on the issues that matter most to them. "The electorate delivered a number of messages on Thursday. "They were clear that they want a fully functioning devolved government in Northern Ireland." He added: "The Government remains committed to the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement and will continue to work with the Northern Ireland Parties and the Irish Government to deliver its vision for reconciliation, equality, respect for rights and parity of esteem. "Together, we must move forward towards a brighter future - that means delivering for all the people of Northern Ireland."