But a court heard yesterday that she sent a text to her ex, Kieran Hayler, in January this year, in which she called Michelle foul names. The message read: “Tell your c*****g wh*re piece of s*** girlfriend not to start on me... “She doesn’t need people knowing she was having an affair with you behind my back, gutter sl*g.” Dressed in black, Price spoke only to confirm her name and to reply “guilty” when the charge was read out at Lewes Crown Court. The mum of five, who was accompanied by her fiancé Carl Woods, 33, previously denied the offence. She asked for a full jury trial when she appeared at Crawley magistrates’ court last month. Yesterday the court heard that she had been banned from contacting Michelle directly or indirectly under the terms of a restraining order imposed at Horsham magistrates’ court in June 2019. She was also fined £415 after hurling abuse at Michelle and another woman in a school playground in Shipley, West Sussex, in 2018. In January this year she was arrested at her home in nearby Horsham, after sending the abusive message to Kieran. Jonathan Karani, prosecuting, told an earlier hearing: “When she was arrested she made comments suggesting she had done nothing wrong and said she had not contacted the victim directly and did not have her number. “She later said, ‘I sent that message to Kieran, lol [laugh out loud]’.” Yesterday Price’s lawyer Nicholas Hamblin said that she should avoid jail because only the words “tell your” were a breach of the restraining order. He added: “Were it not for those two words, this would not be a breach.” Judge Stephen Mooney adjourned sentencing to June 24 for a probation report to be prepared. But he told Price: “You have pleaded guilty and you are aware that you committed that offence while you were subject to a suspended sentence and you are at risk of going to prison. “Your lawyer says there is a lot of information relating to the background of this offence. I will need to know about the relevant parts. “Be under no illusions, I am adjourning for a pre-sentence report but you do run the risk of receiving a custodial sentence.” In a separate case, Price was due at another court on Tuesday for speeding but this was pushed back until July 5 at Crawley magistrates’ court.