Since Russia invaded Ukraine almost three months ago, Baltic states such as Lithuania - a former Soviet Union member turned NATO ally - have become increasingly concerned they could be next to face Russian aggression. The UK said the declaration would build on the defence cooperation the countries share as NATO allies.  However, it would also increase resistance to threats, including from Russia and China. The Foreign Office gave no further details of the exact nature of the defence agreement, but said it "helps further the UK's global network of liberty". Britain and Lithuania have been one of several countries to lead the international response to Putin's invasion of Ukraine, and both have supplied the country's armed forces with defensive weaponry. Speaking at the signing of the accord alongside her Lithuanian counterpart Gabrielius Landsbergis, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: "The UK and Lithuania are two countries which believe in freedom and sovereignty, and who stand up to authoritarian regimes in Europe and across the world.  "We stand together with Ukraine in the face of Russia's illegal, barbaric war." The signing of the document marked 100 years of bilateral relations between the two countries, the Foreign Office said. The threat for Lithuania is acute: as well as angering Russia with its support for Ukraine, it shares borders with Kaliningrad - a Russian enclave in Europe - and Belarus, whose leader Alexander Lukashenko is a close ally of Putin's. It is believed that some Russian troops entered Ukraine from Belarus during the initial invasion.  The Foreign Office added that the joint declaration was signed "in the face of growing aggression from malign regimes". As well as threats close to home, the Government hopes it will strengthen resistance to China. Ms Truss praised Lithuania for resisting "coercion" from the asian nation as she signed the accord. She also highlighted the speech she made at Mansion House last month, in which she accused the Chinese Government of trying to bully Vilnius economically.  Her comments came after Lithuania announced a new representative office for Taiwan would be opened in its capital - something which caused diplomatic outrage in China, which counts the island nation as a breakaway region and will not trade with countries that recognise it. The EU says China has since blocked imports from Lithuania, something which Beijing has denied. The UK has welcomed Lithuania's decision to cut off all Russian oil and gas in a bid to drain Putin's war machine of funding. Lithuania is also one of four Baltic states expected to call for Russian assets to be seized to rebuild Ukraine.   It will also host NATO's parliamentary assembly Spring session, due to start on Friday, which was originally supposed to be held in Kyiv. It is expected that recent applications to join the military alliance, including from Ukraine and Finland, will be discussed. In a statement, the Foreign Office said the new agreement with Lithuania will also seek to build closer trade and crime-fighting links, as well as tackling climate change. It follows recent mutual security agreements between the UK and Sweden and Finland, which Prime Minister Boris Johnson signed earlier in the month. 