Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Finn Houlihan, Managing Director of ATC Tax about how Britons can “develop good tax-led financial planning”, which can set them up for the future. This is “key to taking care of your wealth for the long term and for future generations,” he said. Mr Houlihan explained that Britons should be comfortable with the idea of investing. With inflation at seven percent, and interest rates on savings accounts not even earning half of this, money in banks are losing value and as a result people are getting less for their money. By considering investments, Britons may be able to beat inflation and make the most out of their buck. Mr Houlihan advises his clients that invest to do it on a long-term basis - more than 10, 15, 20 years. READ MORE: PIP: How to make a successful claim and receive over £600 a month  Despite cash losing savings in the bank, he suggested that people have easily accessible cash for hard times. Experts usually say that an emergency fund should be three to six months worth of expenses - this includes bills and food so if something were to happen, people will be okay for a few months. If people have more than six months worth of expenses in the bank, they may wish to consider putting the excess money into investments. For first time investors, a Stocks and Shares individual Savings Account (ISA) may be a great place to get started. A stocks and shares ISA is a wrapper that sits around a portfolio of investments. This wrapper means people have no tax to pay on any dividends, growth, interest or income they get from the investments. If people are happy to invest for at least six years, a stocks and shares ISA could help them beat inflation and build a nest egg for the future. The value of investments can fall as well as rise and people could get back less than you invest. If someone is not sure about investing, they are advised to seek independent advice. In order to ensure this wealth is passed onto children and grandchildren individuals should seek an adviser's guidance on the allowances and gifts they can use to reduce inheritance tax, Mr Houlihan explained. He said:  “A combination of setting up formal trusts, gifts and using protection as whole of life cover can provide a comprehensive approach to reducing inheritance tax on an estate transferred across to family members. “However, it is often about finding the right combination of solutions for your specific circumstances. “With good tax led financial planning you can often make sure the inheritance tax bill is reduced to zero.” Inheritance Tax is a tax on the estate (the property, money and possessions) of someone who has died. There is normally no Inheritance Tax to pay if either: