The Duke of Sussex's skit was made for his travel company, Travalyst, and aims to encourage people to consider sustainable options when planning their next holiday. Harry announced the campaign on Maori TV, saying: "The Maori culture inherently understands sustainable practices and how to take better care of our life-giving land, which are critical lessons we can all learn. For our first campaign, we're encouraging people to flip the script. We're always being asked for our feedback on our trips and experiences. and what would happen if our holiday rated us? It's an important question to ask, and we want all of you to help us answer it." No further details about the campaign are known, but the Travayst website contains a survey which gives users a rating based on how they answer five questions about their holidays. This helps the company to better understand consumer attitudes towards sustainable travel. Harry took part in a video which sees him jogging through a New Zealand woodland wearing a grey t-shirt with the words "Girl Dad" printed on it. He is followed by "rating agents" who ask him questions, including if he dropped a lollipop wrapper. Harry speaks a little Maori in the video and, according to body language expert Judi James, his acting skills are good. She said: "Harry’s acting is really rather good in these videos. "Acting as though you’re not acting is a skill that even leading thespians struggle to pull off. "It’s the kind of thing Ricky Gervais and his cast did perfectly in The Office but it’s rare to find someone who can work from a script and still look convincing." DON'T MISS: Camilla's green tartan outfit gives nod to future role [PICTURES]Prince Andrew set to lose out to William and Kate [INSIDER]'Workaholic' Prince Charles could refuse 'delegating' to William [COMMENT] The body language expert continued: "Harry’s straight-guy act heightens the comedy value here and there are also the side-jokes like being called ‘Hazza’ and wearing a t-shirt with ‘Girl Dad’ on it. "There will probably be fans believing it was a genuine prank on the Prince, although of course his well-advertised demands for security mean those two guys stopping him in the woods would have been thrown to the ground and frisked to within an inch of their lives very quickly." Judi claimed this part in the video left a "sour" taste in the mouth, as well as the part where "the guy reaches for his walkie talkie and Harry puts his hands up and backs away as though he thinks it’s a gun". "This is an odd choice of joke from the Prince who clearly understands the need for stringent security in real life." Judi went on to note: "There is something of the Harry who helped with the film for the Olympics with his grandmother here, but he also seems to draw on his experience with James Corden. "He pushes the boundaries even further to create more of a celebrity appearance, like the coffee ads with Clooney where he plays himself and shows his self-effacing side as the hub of the joke, or like the comedy appearance Meghan made last year where she allowed herself to be pranked on TV." The "ratings agent" went on to "rate" Harry's holiday, telling him he rated three stars out of five the last time he visited New Zealand in 2018. Harry is jokey in the video and speaks like himself, telling the ratings agent that it's "really weird" that he knew everything he got up to on his latest trip, such as using only one towel, buying honey, and turning the tap off when he brushed his teeth. Harry was also seen in a segment for the programme Te Ao with Moana. Speaking from his home in California, the Duke said: "I've been to Aotearoa (New Zealand) a number of times throughout my life, and I've always felt a deep connection and respect towards the Maori people who make me feel so welcome every time. "Most recently, when I visited with my wife, we were touched by the connections we built and the incredible memories we have from a time there. "We were particularly honoured to meet with young people who were dedicated to the Maori culture and dedicated to giving back to their communities and their culture."