Antiques Road Trip experts Tim Medhurst and Izzie Balmer were continuing their trip around Wales as they searched for treasures and relics which would push them into the lead during the BBC competition. Whilst on their hunt, Tim ended up falling in love with an elephant doorstop which had a brass and silver colouring. Deciding to take a chance on the item, Tim ended up "chuffed" as it made a larger profit than he had anticipated. The theme for Tim during the episode seemed to be centred around animals, as he had already found a lion pincushion which had an intricate design. Moving on to the next location, Tim decided he didn't want to make any brash decisions when buying items, however, he immediately fell for the doorstop. Picking up the elephant, he exclaimed: "Now that is the cutest doorstop I have ever seen, look at him! "There are a lot of doorstop collectors, but there are also a lot of people who love elephants, in fact, I don't know anyone who doesn't like an elephant. READ MORE: 'It was a big risk' Steph McGovern opens up on viewing figures "I love elephants, and look at him, he is a cheeky one, this doorstop cast iron dates to the first half of the 20th century with the original paint as well, which does make him different. "Now I found a soft spot for this doorstop, but it all depends on the price doesn't it," he admitted. Turning the item upside down, it had been priced at £45, pleasing Tim: "I am slightly pleasantly pleased because I thought that might be a little bit more money. "I think maybe if I took this to an auction, it might do quite well," before he went and found the store owner John to haggle a cheaper price. Approaching John, Tim said: "Well, I found Nellie the elephant. Charming, isn't she?" to which he agreed: "Yeah, she has got a great look." Taking his shot, Tim asked: "But I am just wondering what your best price would be?" John explained to Tim the lowest he would go was £35, but the expert wasn't ready to part ways with his unique find. He continued: "OK, also upstairs, there is a teacup and saucer, the saucer has quite a bit of damage, but it is still a lovely old thing, isn't it? There is no ticket on that, so what is the price?" DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert Roo Irvine shares concern over landing job [INSIGHT]Antiques Road Trip's Roo Irvine on warning to bosses ahead of filming [LATEST]Antiques Road Trip's Roo Irvine recalls father’s sudden death [WATCH] "Best on that would be £10," John revealed. Knowing how to land a sale, Tim finally asked: "How about John, would you take £30 for the two?" Hesitantly, John agreed, and the elephant doorstop was finally Tim's to take to the auction. As Izzie and Tim prepared for the doorstop to be auctioned, Izzie exclaimed: "I love doorstops, and I love elephants." Agreeing, Tim added: "It's just got the charm, and I hope somebody wants it in their house!" Kicking off the event, the auctioneer stunned Tim and revealed the auction for the elephant began at £70. The pair exclaimed: "Yes!" before Tim celebrated: "I have doubled up!" With the total still climbing, the auctioneer shouted: "It must be worth £110, £100 are we sure, £110, looking for £120?" Still amazed at how much money the item had already made, Tim said: "I don't know whether that is very good for me, I have broken £100 profit!" Pleased for her co-star, Izzie exclaimed: "This is incredible!" The doorstop was eventually sold for £140 and left both Izzie and Tim stunned at the large profit he had made. Tim laughed: "I am chuffed with that," to which Izzie replied: "I am not surprised, I am so pleased for you, Tim began the day with £221.66 in his pot, and despite his £100 profit from the elephant, only managed to end the day with £291.66. Izzie, however, began the day with £308.46 and, after a successful auction, ended with £869.00 and stormed into the lead, leaving Tim trailing behind. Antiques Road Trip airs Monday from 4:15pm on BBC One.