Danni Menzies, 32, had uploaded a raunchy selfie which she shared via her Instagram Story as she cuddled up to her two dogs. The A Place In The Sun host was glad to be back home after appearing at the Ideal Home Show in her native Scotland.  She typed: “Back home to stinkas.”(sic) The star pulled the duvet up to her face as she appeared to go topless underneath while in bed with her two dogs. It comes as Danni attended one of Scotland's “biggest home and garden exhibits”, the Ideal Home Show as organisers hailed it "the best yet". It kicked off on Thursday, May 26 and lasted four days, with the final day ending yesterday. READ MORE: 'Said never again' Frankie Bridge in I'm A Celebrity All-Stars U-turn Hosted at the SEC in Glasgow, it took over four separate show areas and is packed out with ideas and hundreds of brands. It is the ideal event for people looking to make home improvements or those moving to a new house. And one of the best parts about the event is its celebrity guests which included Danni, John Amabile, Rosemary Shrager, and Martin Roberts. The former A Place in the Sun host made an appearance each day as she delivered three sessions a day about finding the perfect home. Listed as a property expert on the show's site, Danni spoke to attendees about helping others to find the best properties money can buy for those looking to relocate and in search of their forever home in the sun. And she gave fans a little insight into her weekend as she shared snaps enjoying the show on social media. She posted a series of clips on her Instagram story with her loyal 99,700 followers. In one video, Danni is seen lying on a vibrating bed with her friend Kelly during one of her breaks as they joked that the "frisky" bed would "change your life". DONT MISS:Claudia Winkleman compares herself to 'flawless' Tess Daly (PHOTOS)Caitriona Balfe's nude scene sparked warning to Outlander co-stars (NEWS)Britney Spears' fiancé Sam Asghari says wedding date set (LATEST) In the clip, she turned to her friend and says: "It's break time and we're on a bed. “What's happening right now?" Kelly replied: "This will change your life. It's the frisky bed." Danni added: "It's vibrating underneath us".  She then added a snap on her story captioned: "Can confirm the 'Pure-Ex' beds might get you going" with emojis of eyes and a laughing face. It comes as Danni looked incredible as she showed off her tattoos in a skimpy bikini in Mykonos. The property expert - who has been a familiar face on the Channel 4 show since 2016 - showcased her trim physique in a turquoise two-piece swimsuit.