The walkers were stunned to see a car submerged in a canal. According to reports, no one was hurt and an onlooker who witnessed the incident in Marple, Stockport, said they did not believe emergency services attended the scene. The car was pictured submerged in a stretch of the Peak Forest Canal at Marple Locks in Manchester. The affected stretch of the canal had to be drained due to the incident. A photograph taken at the scene showed a silver hatchback stuck in the mud on the canal bed. One onlooker who was out for a walk described what happened. READ MORE: Furious BMW driver causes £4,000 in damages after being charged £4 They said that water must have shorted the car's electrics, as its windscreen wipers and hazard lights were still on. The witness explained: "We were out for a family walk and it just happened - we were walking along and just saw the car in the canal. "It had only just happened apparently when we passed by. “We do not know whether anyone was in the water. DON'T MISSThe car brands that hold their value best [REVEAL] Scrapping MOT could lead to 2.9million dangerous cars on UK roads [WARNING] Drivers react to tales of charging woe [INSIGHT] “There were some lock-keepers about doing work on the locks nearby and one of them came down and drained the canal. "That stretch of the canal was drained and you could see the car in the mud. “We are not sure how it came to be in the canal but nobody was hurt or injured." The onlooker added that they did not believe emergency services attended the scene. They said: "It was a bit of a pantomime on a Bank Holiday Monday - it was all a bit odd. "I did not see any of the emergency services but there was no one hurt. “The car is a Toyota of some description I believe, but it is hard to tell. “The water must have shorted all the electrics because the windscreen wipers were going and its hazard lights were flashing. "It was all a bit bizarre really. It was causing quite a scene as you can imagine and there were people taking photographs." The “bizarre” news comes after a driver solved an “unusual” mystery after he received multiple unknown parking fines in the post. While driving through Cardiff, Wales the motorist spotted a Ford Fiesta displaying his own car’s registration number. He immediately informed the police who descended on the scene and arrested the Fiesta driver. The Fiesta driver was arrested in the Riverside area of Cardiff but denied any knowledge of the fraudulent plate. He claimed that he had bought the car three days earlier from "some guy I met on Ninian Park Road".