Jude Bellingham has told Manchester City that they are "lucky" to have Erling Haaland after the Borussia Dortmund hotshot's move to the Etihad was confirmed earlier this week. The Premier League champions have snared the 21-year-old after activating the £51million release clause that was in Haaland's contract. Haaland had attracted a host of big-name suitors across Europe after his remarkable goalscoring exploits with Dortmund. The ex-RB Salzburg starlet has notched 85 goals in just 88 games but was always expected to quit the Bundesliga club this summer. And after Haaland's exit was confirmed, his Dortmund co-star Bellingham has given his verdict on the striker's Premier League switch, with the teenage midfielder admitting that he'll miss his pal. Bellingham told Ruhr Nachrichten: “I told him that I am very happy for him [and] that he can take the next step on his path as a footballer. He's a brilliant player, a brilliant guy. I will miss that the most. He's a really good character. I think Manchester City are very lucky to have such a [good] player." READ MORE: Man Utd 'working on second deal as well as De Jong' in Ten Hag boost The capture of Haaland brings Manchester City's extensive search for an elite striker to a close. The Premier League champions tried - and failed - to prise England captain Harry Kane away from Tottenham last summer after his exploits at Euro 2020. But Pep Guardiola and the City hierarchy decided against making another move for Kane and instead targeted a deal for Haaland. City are believed to have beaten off the likes of Barcelona and Real Madrid to clinch the sought-after striker's signature. After giving his verdict on Haaland's departure, Bellingham also moved to clear up his own long-term future; the teenage prodigy is another player who has been persistently linked with a move away from Dortmund. DON'T MISS The 18-year-old has dazzled since making the jump to the Bundesliga in a £25m move from Birmingham back in the summer of 2020. The likes of Liverpool and Manchester United have been credited with an interest in the midfield maestro, who was handed his senior England debut by Gareth Southgate just months after moving to Germany. But Bellingham has insisted that he has plans to follow Haaland and another Dortmund alumni, Jadon Sancho, in making a big-money transfer to the Premier League just yet. He added: “The only future I think about is the next game for Dortmund. I'm really looking forward to next season. I can't wait for it to finally start. But yes, I will be here next season and I will be ready."