The UK is gearing up to celebrate the historic event, with millions visiting street parties and Union Jack flags on show throughout the country - including in Regent Street, London. But rows have erupted over the Union Jack flag and what it stands for, sparking fury from passionate Britons intent on celebrating the Platinum Jubilee. Some commentators have taken to social media to criticise the display and claimed the decision to decorate Regent Street with Union flags reminds them of the “fascist” display of nationalism in Nazi Germany. One commentator also claimed the Union Jack “represents blatant fascism and people are getting the wrong end of the stick about all the flags on Regent Street”. But these blistering attacks have sparked a furious reaction from Nile Gardiner, a foreign policy analyst who was an aide to former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. He claimed there are some on the left who will "take every opportunity to try and attack their own country to tear Britain down", accusing them of taking a "self-loathing approach". Mr Gardiner, a passionate supporter of the Royal Family, told Express.co.uk: "The Union Jack represents the greatness of the British nation and is also a symbol of liberty, freedom and everything that Great Britain represents. "The flag should be a source of tremendous pride for everyone in the UK. "It is absolutely astonishing that some on the far-left are choosing to attack the British flag during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. "There are some on the left who will take every opportunity to try and attack their own country to tear Britain down. "This self-loathing approach is very common on the left." Brexiteer Mr Gardiner also claimed this group "hate Britain, hate Brexit" and would "much rather the EU flag flying over London than the British flag". He continued: "The vast majority of Britons are extremely proud of their country and rightly so. "The British people have done so much for the world, and the world is a far better place thanks to Britain's huge role over the course of hundreds of years. "This is the self-loathing mindset of the left - they hate Britain, they hate Brexit and they also associate the Union Jack with the UK leaving the European Union. "They would much rather the EU flag flying over London than the British flag." Earlier this week, Mr Gardiner took to Twitter to shut down "blatant fascism" jibes at the Union flag from a prominent Remainer and political activist. Femi Oluwole launched a furious attack on the Union flags on Regent Street, claiming while there is nothing wrong with flag decorations, it represents "blatant fascism". He posted screengrabs of headlines from several reports, including from Sky News which said: "Race report commissioned by Government an attempt to normalise 'white supremacy', UN human rights experts claim". The political activist wrote: "People are getting the wrong end of the stick about all the flags on Regent Street. "There's nothing wrong with flag decorations, no matter how 'excessive'. The issue is what the flag represents. "Right now, it represents blatant fascism. It's our job to fix that." But a furious Mr Gardiner hit back: "Disgraceful comments. "A stupid insult to the Union Jack and everything it represents for a truly great nation that has given so much to the world."