Liverpool legend Steve Nicol has told Jurgen Klopp to cut complaining about the fixture schedule. Klopp spoke in length at his press conference on Monday about the timing of the Premier League match at Southampton. Liverpool visit St Mary's this evening, three days after their FA Cup final victory over Chelsea. Klopp claimed the match could have been played on Thursday instead due to the possibility the final went to extra-time - which proved to be the case. But Nicol says the German is "not a special case" and shouldn't be complaining about the scheduling. The former full-back, who won four league titles and a European Cup with Liverpool in the 1980s, says Klopp should take the Saints job if he doesn't want a fixture pile-up. Nicol said on ESPN FC: "Jurgen, your next job, take the Southampton job and then you won't have to worry about complaining about fixtures. Come on. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag’s likely response as Man Utd board ‘want decision made over three players’  "Does he really want to turn round and ask the FA to help Liverpool? You'd hear every other man and his dog complaining that they're going out of their way. "Look, if you're as good as they are and as successful as they are, you're going to have a heavy schedule. So I find it a little bit... he's saying nothing that successful teams' managers have not been saying since I was playing in the 80s. "It was the exact same in the 80s. You're not a special case because you do well, you shouldn't expect anybody to look after you, so I don't know why you go complaining. "And he didn't have to. Stop complaining. I'll tell you what, how many fans around the country, around Europe, would love to have the problem that he's got? So, come on, don't complain about it." DON'T MISSFour signings Chelsea can make to bridge Liverpool gap despite Tuchel comments [TRANSFERS]Newcastle try to 'tempt' Jose Mourinho into leaving Roma despite Eddie Howe heroics [GOSSIP]Arsenal handed major blow in Paulo Dybala pursuit due to Juventus star's demands [TRANSFERS]  Nicol was reacting to Klopp's comments that he made earlier on Monday. The 54-year-old boss said there was not enough time between the final and the match at Southampton. Klopp said: "I know it's better if you moan and argue when you have won something, [rather] than when you lose. There are two more match days in this week, obviously, we played Saturday and it was possible that we play 120 minutes, and they thought the best day for us to play the next game is the Tuesday. "So, you could have given us the Wednesday, theoretically. I think that's not possible because of the Europa League final... so, and then, Thursday maybe? So, then we would've played on Thursday a 90-minute game and on Sunday, which is the last matchday, which is [a] normal rhythm from when you play Europa League, you play Thursday, Sunday. "Nobody thought we could give them a day more rest, so that's now the whole time like this and I have to sit here and say it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here