The Prince of Wales headed to Westminster Abbey on Tuesday, May 24, to lead the ceremony of the Oath and Installation of Knights and Dames Grand Cross of The Most Honourable Order of the Bath. Prince Charles attended the event as the Order's Grandmaster - as well as the representative of the sovereign. The solemn ceremony takes place every four years and the monarch is expected to attend every other service, as explained by royal blogger Gert's Royals on Twitter. She wrote: "The Monarch attends every other service (so every eight years), with the Order’s Grandmaster (currently Charles) presiding over the alternate years. "This year was supposed to be the monarch’s year but Prince Charles, as Grandmaster, is filling in for her." To attend the event, the heir to the throne donned the Order's red and white ceremonial robe. The Order of the Bath is the fourth-most senior among the British Orders of Chivalry. It was established as a military order by letters patent of King George I in May 1725. Other key orders in the British honour system regularly hold ceremonies to celebrate their new members. The Royal Victorian Order's service takes place every four years at St George's Chapel in Windsor. Similarly, knights and dames of the Order of the British Empire gather every four years at St Paul's Cathedral in London. The Order of the Thistle, an order of chivalry associated with Scotland and founded in 1687, gathers at St Giles' Cathedral every two years. The country's oldest and most senior order of chivalry is the Order of the Garter, whose knights and dames come together every year in June at St George's Chapel. Garter Day normally involves a ceremony in the Garter throne room, a lunch in the Waterloo Chamber followed by a procession to the chapel, where the service then takes place. Among its members there are Prince Charles, Prince William and Princess Anne. The Queen named Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, a dame of this order on New Year's Eve. The next Garter Day will take place on June 13, and it isn't known yet if the monarch will be in attendance. The Queen has missed a number of in-person visits outside of her residences since October due to episodic mobility issues. Most recently, she has tasked members of her family to represent her at the traditional garden parties taking place at Buckingham Palace every year. In March, Prince Charles stepped in for the Queen as he represented her at the yearly Commonwealth Day service. Earlier this month, he delivered for the first time the Queen's Speech in lieu of his mother, who could not attend it due to her mobility problems. Sitting on the consort's throne rather than on the seat of the monarch, the Prince of Wales represented the Queen as one of her counsellors of state. While she has missed a few key events in the royal calendar this year, the monarch has recently made a few public appearances. On May 13, she attended the second day of events at the Royal Windsor Horse Show, watching a few events and Lady Louise Windsor's exhibition on a carriage previously owned by Prince Philip. Two days later, she attended the final night of A Gallop Through History, the first major event marking her Platinum Jubilee. And on May 17 she surprised royal fans by heading to Paddington Station in London to officially open the rail line named after her - Elizabeth Line. On May 23, she toured the Chelsea Flower Show on its preview day aboard of a golf buggy.