Stacey Dooley, 35, has taken to Instagram to tease her former Strictly Come Dancing pro partner, Kevin Clifton, 39, over his lack of attire ahead of the launch of ITV show, The Games. Stacey will be on TV this evening as she helps families reunite on DNA Family Secrets. Stacey took to her Instagram story earlier this week in view of her one million Instagram followers to announce Kevin's comeback to TV. She shared a picture of her partner wearing a vest and shorts ahead of The Games launch, to give her followers a preview of what's to come. She captioned the post: "My angel. Kev's on tele all next week pretending to be an Olympian. "And for all the Margaret's who miss him on Strictly, he dives in Speedos too. Go get 'em King Kev." READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care Kevin approved of the tongue in cheek post, sharing it to his own profile. Stacey's Instagram post comes after she already made fun of Kevin's "budgie smugglers" while he was training for the show. In view of his 361,000 followers, Kevin revealed that he's taking part in a new ITV show called The Games. Standing in a changing room, Kevin only wore a pair of swimming trunks as he showcased his incredibly toned body. Looking unimpressed at the situation, he prepared to head out to the pool area. The West End star captioned the snap: "@thegamestv Let’s go! Coming soon to @itv," followed by a flexed arm emoji. Referring to Olympic diving champion Tom, Kevin's girlfriend Stacey, penned: "Tom is SHAKING," cheekily followed by two budgie emojis. Kevin's former Strictly colleague Aljaz Skorjanec even drew a comparison between Kevin and the gold-medallist, writing: "Like a young Tom Daley!" DON'T MISS... Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [HEALTH] Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [BREAKING] Jane Fonda, 84, shows off drastic new look while filming in Rome [PICTURES] Strictly pro Neil Jones added: "See that’s the body all strictly fans wanted to see all these years." While BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker penned: "Wowsers… no trousers," alongside a laughing face. The pair were previously partnered together on BBC's Strictly Come Dancing in 2018 and months after lifting the Glitterball Trophy, the couple embarked on a romance. They made their first red carpet appearance together last month at The Olivier Awards 2022. The documentary filmmaker was the epitome of chic as she sported a floor-length black gown as she took to the red carpet alongside her beau. Kevin looked equally dapper in a black suit as the couple posed for pictures. This is their first public appearance together at a major event since sharing they were in a relationship. You can watch Stacey on DNA Family Secrets tonight at 9pm on BBC Two