The Hollywood actress and her husband, Michael Douglas, flew Dylan's uncle, Lyndon, out, and it was clear that a close bond was shared as the youngster was immediately in tears as soon as he sighted his family member. "You're my boy, my pride my joy," Lyndon sang, as Dylan got up from the gathering of his friends to embrace him. Dylan attempted to get words out to explain how he felt, but he was left speechless by the surprise and unable to do so. Lyndon then introduced himself to Dylan's assembled friends, as he exclaimed: "I've got to catch my breath!" In her caption, Catherine explained: "Surprise! Surprise! Pre-graduation dinner when my son Dylan sees his Uncle who came all the way from Wales to celebrate this amazing milestone. READ MORE: James Martin issues apology after tears for 'father figure' on TV "It was tough keeping this a secret but it was priceless." Fans also loved the sweet moment, as Holly_In_Hamilton shared: "Beautiful!!! What a sweet guy to react like that!" Freeasabirdy1 wrote: "Aw!! That is such a beautiful moment and so heartfelt, congratulations." Lyndon is Catherine's younger brother, but he's not her only sibling, as she also has an older brother, David. Alongside Dylan, Catherine is also a mother to daughter, Carys, and last month she marked her daughter's 19th birthday with some beautiful photos. Catherine herself looked radiant in the photograph as well, and shared a special message for her daughter, writing: "Happy 19th Birthday to my beautiful daughter (inside and out) Carys, every day is a joy because of you. "I love you with all my heart [heart emoji] Mama." The family has a glorious residence in Westchester County, New York which Architectural Digest have reported that they acquired for £3.6million ($4.5million) back in 2019. DONT MISS:'Said never again' Frankie Bridge in I'm A Celebrity All-Stars U-turn (PHOTOS)Carol Vorderman pours jaw-dropping curves into white jumpsuit (NEWS)Amanda Holden flaunts curves in skin-tight crimson jumpsuit (LATEST) When Carys moved away to college last year, her mother shared an emotional post. "Carys is packing her bags and I am looking at old videos, don't tell her I posted this," she wrote alongside a crying face emoji. When Carys graduated high school both parents remarked on how proud they were of her. Catherine wrote: "Carys!!! What a proud day as our daughter Carys graduates with honours for her International Baccalaureate! 'You rock and we love you." Meanwhile, Michael gushed: "Congratulations to Carys and the entire class of 2021! Your Mom and I are so proud of you! We love you so much and we are so excited for your future as the best is yet to come! Dad." Michael and Catherine have been married for more than two decades. In a 2021 interview with WSJ Magazine, the actress said the secret to making their 21-year marriage last is having lots of fun together. She also shared that "constant love and respect" and maintaining a "sense of humour" are key to marital success.