It comes as a Sunday Express poll today reveals almost three quarters of British people believe PrinceWilliam should not help bring Harry back into the family fold. The poll, carried out by market research company Techne UK, who interviewed 1,633 adults, asked, "Should Prince William help bring Prince Harry back into the family fold?". The responses were: Yes - 18 percent; No - 73 percent; Don't know - nine percent. These setbacks follow a week in which the couple have been publicly attacked by former President Trump as well as Meghan's estranged father and half-sister, and accused of sharing a "mutual addiction to drama" in a new book. Yesterday, a senior film studio production executive said: "They should be aware that all this negative publicity will not only lose them fans, it will also deter people from wanting to watch whatever material they produce. "Folks here are watching all their private and family dramas unfold like episodes from a Kardashian reality series. Is it any wonder that their cachet is fast losing its lustre?" The royal couple's popularity in the US was already on the wane before former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown's explosive The Palace Papers: Inside the House ofWindsor - the Truth and the Turmoil was published last week. Ms Brown - whose book quotes a senior palace aide as describing Harry and Meghan as having a "mutual addiction to drama" - said in a magazine interview that when they came to Hollywood, "they both completely underestimated what it was going to be like without the Palace platform". "Meghan doesn't really have a brand - you feel that she is grasping at the 'Twitter caring' of the moment: vaccinations; Ukraine; women's rights; my 40th birthday; let's have a mentoring scheme. Nothing is really going anywhere for Meghan," she said. "And the whole problem with entertainment deals is you have to produce.They've signed with Netflix but what have we seen? Nothing.  "Are they going to renew that contract? Their Spotify podcast is going nowhere." And in an article in Newsweek - under the headline "Americans No Longer Protective of Harry and Meghan" - Ian Lloyd, author of The Queen: 70 Chapters in the Life of Elizabeth II, warned Harry that American fans will be further upset if he snubs any Platinum Jubilee invitations to be at his grandmother's side. Mr Lloyd added: "His failure to attend the memorial service for Prince Philip was quite a notable absence when you think he was the only one of eight grandchildren not to make it. "In America they quite like family values and so he would need to be aware if he apparently snubs the Queen by not visiting, I don't think it would go down well." Last week, former President Trump said in a TV interview the Queen should strip the royal couple of all their titles and added Harry "is whipped like no person I think I've ever seen". Meghan's estranged father Thomas said in another interview he intends to visit Britain to celebrate the Jubilee, even if she and Harry do not. This follows her estranged half-sister, Samantha Markle, slamming Harry for "hypocrisy" in a radio interview for his claim to be "protecting" the Queen. 