The former Commander-in-Chief of Russia's Airborne Troops has openly discussed Vladimir Putin's horrific plans for Ukraine, including moves to create a "war crime" tribunal against the country's military, business, and political leadership. Vladimir Shamanov stated that Moscow had already held talks with China's Xi Jinping to prepare the ground for the "international" trials after the war. Shamanov told the Russian channel: "When the war ends, Ukraine will be left with nothing." "We see cities, like Mariupol, which were levelled," pressed the presenter. "Who will be restoring all of that?" Shamanov argued: "We'll help with Mariupol "We'll also get to their billionaires, together with their political leadership." He continued: "Like our commander-in-chief said all of them will be held accountable. "We have the preliminary components to form an international tribunal. "We're holding discussions with China about that, along with other BRICS  "There will be an international tribunal 100 percent." Russian troops have entered the outskirts of the Ukrainian city of Sievierodonetsk, the regional governor said on Monday, describing "very fierce" fighting in the ruins of a city that has become the focus of Moscow's offensive. Russia has concentrated its firepower on the last major population centre still held by Ukrainian forces in the eastern Luhansk province, in a push to achieve one of President Vladimir Putin's stated objectives after three months of war. Incessant shelling has left Ukrainian forces defending ruins in Sievierodonetsk, but their refusal to withdraw has slowed the massive Russian offensive across the Donbas region. DON'T MISS: Putin’s terrifying ‘superweapon’ can be placed ‘in range' of UK [REPORT]How to protect yourself after the deployment of biological weapons Hea [EXPLAINER]‘Own goal’ Too dangerous for Putin to launch a cyberattack [REPORT] Luhansk region governor Serhiy Gaidai said Russian troops had advanced into the city's southeastern and northeastern fringes. But he said Ukrainian forces had driven the Russians out of the village of Toshkivka to the south, potentially frustrating Moscow's push to encircle the area. "Capturing Sievierodonetsk is a fundamental task for the occupiers ... We do all we can to hold this advance," Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said in a televised speech. "Some 90 of buildings are damaged. More than two-thirds of the city's housing stock has been completely destroyed." 