The European Broadcasting Union (EBU) has issued a statement confirming it has detected patterns of vote swapping in this year's Eurovision Song Contest. It previously announced it would be investigating after irregularities "appeared" in jury votes of six countries in the second semi-final. Those countries included Romania, San Marino, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Poland and Montenegro. The details come after it emerged the UK could have been placed third if it was not for the matter. The UK's entry Sam Ryder did the nation proud with his performance of Space Man which earned him second place in the competition. A statement from the EBU said: "In the second semi-final, it was observed that four of the six juries all placed five of the other countries in their top five (taking into account they could not vote for themselves). "One jury voted for the same five countries in their top six, and the last of the six juries placed four of the others in the top four and the fifth in their top seven. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist Four of the six received at least one set of 12 points which is the maximum that can be awarded. It added: "The pattern in question was detected as irregular by the pan-European Voting Partner and acknowledged by the Independent Voting Monitor, as five of these six countries were ranked outside the top eight by the juries in the 15 other countries voting in the same semi-final (which included three of the Big Five: Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom). Additionally, four of the six countries were ranked in the bottom six of the other 15 countries voting in this semi-final. "A jury voting pattern irregularity of such a scale is unprecedented," it continued.  It went on to say the rules for the contest state if votes by national juries present irregular voting patterns, the contest's executive supervisor has the right to remove the votes concerned. They have the right to replace them with a "substitute aggregated result calculated automatically to determine the final county result of these countries" in the second semi-final. "Given the unprecedented nature of the irregularity detected in the second semi-final, the EBU in consultation with the pan-European Voting Partner and the Independent Voting Monitor decided, in accordance with the Voting Instructions of the Contest, to exercise its right to remove the votes cast by the six juries in question from the ranking allocation in the grand final to preserve the integrity of the voting system," it added. It went on to say the EBU has "discussed the jury patterns with the relevant broadcasters" and given them the opportunity to investigate further. DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022: Norway’s entry’s true identity exposed  [LATEST]Ukraine MP: Host Eurovision Song Contest in Crimea [UPDATE]Britain is now leading power in Europe, blasts TIM NEWARK [COMMENT] Many Eurovision fans thought the UK's entry was "robbed" of the crown after missing out on the win to Ukraine's Kalush Orchestra with their folk-rap hit Stefania. Shay Corrigan tweeted: "Unpopular opinion. In any other year, Ukraine would have placed mid-table at best. It’s fantastic the public voted with them and showed their support for obvious reasons, but Sam Ryder was robbed. He should be coming home with that trophy. Done the country proud." (sic) Hayley added: "To finish second is absolutely outstanding but Sam Ryder was robbed. #Eurovision" Matthew Wainwright said: "The UK was robbed, unreal effort from @SamRyderMusic, you’ve won that hands down!" 