Dr Alona Pulde from Lifesum explained some women are changing how they eat due to the current HRT shortage to ease some of the unwelcome symptoms associated with the menopause, including weight gain. The doctor exclusively told Express.co.uk the best foods to prevent this and easily lose weight. Dr Alona Pulde explained: "To prevent weight gain during the menopause, choose foods high in fibre, water, and nutrients, and low in fat, sugar and salt. "Choosing whole plant-based foods is a good start." She also advised to "get rid of liquid calories". "This is particularly so for soda and juices that are high in sugar and low in fibre and nutrients. READ MORE: Tom Kerridge shares post exercise breakfast smoothie recipe  "If you want to indulge, choose fibre-rich smoothies that use the whole fruit, not just the juice," she recommended. Dr Alona Pulde also advised women to "add whole plant foods such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains and legumes". She explained: "These foods are rich in vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and phytochemicals that optimise your health and appropriately regulate your hunger signals." The doctor said women should also eliminate highly processed foods, junk foods, and fast foods in order to stay in shape during menopause and avoid weight gain.  She said: "These foods are calorically dense and high in fat, sugar, and salt. "Not only do they contribute to chronic diseases such as heart disease, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, and diabetes; but they confuse our hunger signals resulting in over-consumption and weight gain." She also said it is essential women lower or eliminate their salt intake. The doctor explained: "The weight loss contributed here is mostly water weight. "However, decreasing high salt foods also reduces consumption of foods packed with it, e.g., processed, junk, and fast foods, which ultimately results in losing fat." Finally, Dr Alona said women should "reduce the caloric density but don’t restrict". She explained how: "One of the most vicious and unsuccessful traps for dieters results from yo-yoing between restriction, deprivation, and bingeing. We require calories to survive which means we need to eat. "When we restrict, our body gets the message that it is starving and it fights back to protect its survival. As a result, we can only restrict for so long, regardless of willpower. Instead of restricting, choose the foods that support optimal health and encourage weight loss. These are your fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and legumes." She recommended the health and weight loss app Lifesum which can show women how to incorporate these ingredients into "healthy and delicious recipes, including alternate versions of classic favourites". Dr Alona also explained certain foods can help ease menopause symptoms such as mood swings. She advised: "Ensure that you eat enough protein-rich foods that contain tryptophan, an essential amino acid. "Tryptophan helps to manufacture the neurotransmitter serotonin that plays an important role in mood regulation, which is particularly important during the menopause. "Good sources of tryptophan include tofu, nuts and seeds (particularly peanuts), oats and legumes (particularly soy). Fruit is also a good source of tryptophan, including apples, prunes, pineapples, bananas, kiwis and plums."