The future king was emotional while he visited a cathedral in Ottawa and the people spoke of the “great honour” Philip gave to the Orthodox Christian community. The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall have embarked on their royal tour of Canada where they both visited the Blessed Virgin Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral.  During their visit, the royal couple heard prayers and thanks given to the Royal Family for their support for the Ukrainians enduring the war. During the trip, the Prince was approached by an 85 year-old woman who told him she was moved to tears after she heard the Russian Kontakion of the Departed, translated by William John Birkbeck. The moving tune was played at St George’s Chapel in April 2021 for the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral service. Dr Jennie Dutchak said: “I thank you personally. His soul rests in peace.”  In response, Charles took her by the arm and was visibly moved as he thanked her for her kind words. Dr Dutchak spoke after the visit saying: “A year ago, at his funeral, his father chose a special hymn. “Our choir sing it here and it moved me to tears to have a choir sing it at a royal funeral. It was jubilation.” She added: “It is a great honour on every Orthodox Christian that he recognised its sacred beauty. “We are all proud”. The late-Prince’s funeral also featured the Kyiv Melody which was arranged by Sir Walter Parratt. READ MORE: Putin has ‘surgery to remove fluid from his abdomen’  The royals also spoke to a Ukrainian refugee family, a mother and her two sons who had recently fled the war to join her sister in Ottawa. Olha Rudenko left her home in Lutsk with her two sons Stanislav, 16, and Lukian, 9, as her husband stayed behind to fight. The Duchess asked: “Are you coping? It must be so very hard.” After hearing the story, she then replied: “We are so behind you. We do worry about you so much.” The couple were then introduced to traditions that are part of Ukrainian culture and food as the Duchess attempted to paint eggs and both herself and Charles tried to make pierogi. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Netflix push Meghan and Harry for content? (POLL)Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers (INSIGHT)How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods (REVEAL)  During a church service on the second day of their trip, the couple joined members of the Canadian-Ukrainian community to pray and light candles. The dean of the St Sophie Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral in Montreal, the Very Reverend Volodymyr Kouchnir told the royals: “Today, your country is truly a friend to Ukraine. “Having extended a helping hand to our military but also as fellow citizens of our plant. We shall never never never forget that. “We are sincerely grateful to the Royal Family, to Her Majesty, and to you personally for your help and support for the Ukraine which today is fighting for democratic values and the chance to live as part of the European family.” He concluded: “God grant you many, many blessed years.” 