Want to instantly look younger? Forget face creams and beauty treatments, hairdresser to the stars Chris Appleton has shared an easy hairstyle that only takes a few minutes and offers an instant “facelift”. It’s a look Kate Middleton has been wearing recently, and the celebrity hairstylist revealed a hack or two to create a sleek fin Speaking about the Duchess of Cambridge wearing her hair straight and down her back, instead of her signature bouncy blowdry, Chris said this hairstyle is “the most modern Kate”. “She’s wearing a very sleeked, tucked behind the ears look. “People are saying this is the ‘facelift’ hairstyle, I’ll tell you why, when you just the hair behind the ears, it’s all about showing off the cheekbones and also the jaw. “It’s very youthful, it’s very flattering, it opens the face up. READ MORE: 'Amazing' essential vitamin prevents dark spots and fine lines “Sometimes when the hair is down, it can hang around the face and drag the face down,” he added. Appearing on ITV’s This Morning, the hairdresser continued: “I’m going to share with you a little hair hack. “Once the hair is tucked behind the ears, usually, it tends to fall forward, so there’s a lot of retucking it, and retucking it. “What I like to do is take a little elastic and tie the hair underneath, right at the nape of the neck, and this is going to keep it in place all day long, so you’re not going to have to retuck it, and then you pull the hair down over the top.” DON'T MISS...How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [EXCLUSIVE]How to lose belly fat: 5 foods to turn body into ‘fat-burning machine' [STUDY]Food recall: Tesco recalls popular pastry product - full details [UPDATE] Chris took around an inch to two inches worth of hair, that was tucked behind the ears, and pulled them to the nape of the neck where he secured it in a small ponytail with a small hairband. “You get this nice clean elegant hairstyle,” he commented. Presenter Phillip Schofield asked: “Is this better for medium and long hair?” Chris replied: “All lengths you can do it, even a bob, as long as you have enough to pull into a ponytail, if not you can use a bobby pin. “Last but not least, this is another hack, to get that sleek, polished, no-hair-out-of-place look. “I’m just going to use a little hairspray, and this is a regular toothbrush. “And all I’m going to do is comb it down over the top, and this settles the fly-aways.” For anyone in need of drawing the face upwards, they can try a snatched pony. When creating a high ponty, it’s all about following bone structure. Gather the hair up in a high ponytail, and make sure it’s smooth. Follow the natural, gradual upward line of the cheekbones and this will give the perfect lift, and also prevent the skin from being pulled too low or high. Keeping the ponytail at this level will create the illusion of longer and more chiselled cheekbones. It will also give the skin around your eyes and forehead a gentle lift. When securing the ponytail, make sure it’s tight so it stays in place but not too tight to damage the hair. Secure any flyaways with a toothbrush by spraying some hairspray onto the bristles and running it from the hairline backwards.