  Kate Garraway insisted that “no one was buying” that Gemma Atkinson had to leave her show early after it was announced that the remaining participants would have to stand in ice cold water live on TV. The Hits Radio presenter told Kate she had to catch a train, but the presenter was not convinced, teasing that the star had instead “run away”.      Gemma, 37, appeared on Garraway’s Good Stuff this morning, where she spoke about her new exercise programme to help new mums get back into shape without piling on the pressure. The star appeared alongside Irish presenter, Angela Scanlon, 38, and took it in turns to talk to Kate, 55. In the last five minutes of the show, however, Gemma seemed to have suddenly disappeared. Her departure came shortly after an expert from Freeze the Fear came to introduce the women to the Wim Hof method, which involved plenty of ice. READ MORE: Brian McFadden cheated on Kerry Katona with a stripper at his stag do     Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof is a new ITV reality show that sees celebrities push themselves beyond their limits in sub-zero temperatures. The Wim Hof method is designed to help people retake control of their bodies through a combination of breathing, cold therapy, and meditative techniques. Kate made a cheeky joke about Gemma’s early departure, as she left shortly before the women were left grimacing as they dunked their feet in buckets of ice. As the camera panned back to Kate, she told her audience: “I should say that Gemma has had to run away to get back home to catch a train…     “Allegedly. No one’s buying it by the way, Gemma, if you’re watching on your phone all the way to the train station. Turning to the show’s resident chef, Shivi Ramoutar, Kate broke the news that she would be taking Gemma’s place. “Shivi, unfortunately that means you’ve been dragged into it,” Kate grinned. Shivi didn’t hold back, replying: “This is my idea of absolute hell. I’m sorry, I want to believe but I don’t know…” READ MORE... Jamie Oliver sparks fury over Eton Mess - 'Attack on working class!' [LATEST] Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home [UPDATE] James Martin full of regret over opening up about ex Barbara Broccoli [INSIGHT]      From there, Shivi and Angela were asked to put their feet in icy water, while Kate had to stand in a large, freezing cold tub in the middle. Kate launched her new Saturday morning show on ITV last month. The star is probably best known for presenting Good Morning Britain on weekday mornings and also for her documentaries following the struggles of her husband Derek Draper, who was seriously affected by Covid. Introducing her brand new show on April 16, Kate said: “The idea is that every Saturday morning all the way through the summer, I am going to be here for an hour where we can just forget the bad stuff and give ourselves a big dollop of positivity.      "With some great guests who will share with us what makes them feel good, we have some tasty and delicious food for your Saturday night TV dinner as well. "And we are going to be diving into the often hilariously weird but always wonderful world of wellbeing, with some simple ideas that we can use in our real lives and bring some joy into our world. "So the idea is to give ourselves a great start to the weekend and hopefully a happier and healthier week ahead." Garraway’s Good Stuff airs every Saturday at 8.30am on ITV.   