The bloc has now agreed on a common purchasing of a jab and antiviral treatment to control the outbreak of the disease with a 10 percent mortality rate. The EU will buy Danish company Bavarian Nordic's Imvanex vaccine, which is the only company with an approved monkeypox jab.  While Imvanex is used as a vaccine used against smallpox, it can protect against monkeypox too as the viruses are close relatives. The EU will also purchase Siga Technologies' Tecovirimat antiviral treatment to help curb the spread as the outbreak rips through the continent. The announcement was made by Sweden's vaccine coordinator Richard Bergstrom on Friday (May 27). He told Swedish outlet Dagens Nyheter: "After several meetings, it has been decided that we will buy both vaccine and an antiviral treatment." While he warned that no contracts have been drawn up yet, Mr Bergstrom stressed that the situation will be addressed fast. Mr Bergstrom said: "But it will go quickly. "We should have a contract ready in a week or so and maybe some limited deliveries in June." The UK has also been stockpiling vaccines after 90 confirmed cases of monkeypox (as of May 26) sparked concern for the UK health authorities. As of May 24, the UK had already administered 1,000 vaccine doses to high-risk close contacts of cases and health workers caring for people with the virus. READ MORE: End of the world: Musk sends doomsday warning over 'biggest threat ... The UK Health and Security Agency (UKHSA) purchased over 200,000 additional Imvanex vaccines after getting alerted about the rising cases. It comes after there was a warning over a "significant rise" in monkeypox cases over the next two to three weeks. Doctor Susan Hopkins, the chief medical advisor of UKHSA, said: "We are continuing to promptly identify further Monkeypox cases in England." She added: "If anyone suspects they might have rashes or lesions on any part of their body, particularly if they have recently had a new sexual partner, they should limit their contact with others." DON'T MISS NASA warns underwater volcano full of SHARKS has erupted [REVEAL] Ukraine: ESA astronaut details how he watched the Ukraine war from spa [REPORT] Sturgeon faces Indyref nightmare as Scots want nuclear deterrent [INSIGHT] Monkeypox has now reportedly spread to over 20 countries. Other symptoms of the virus include fever, headache, muscle ache, exhaustion, swollen lymph nodes and more. The virus, which has spread from West Africa not just to Europe but also to the US and Canada, has "stunned" experts. Oyewale Tomori, a virologist who sits on several advisory boards for the World Health Organisation, told The Associated Press: “I’m stunned by this. "Every day I wake up and there are more countries infected.” 