Several motorists on the border of Birmingham and Worcestershire have been caught out by the pothole that is longer than a car. Local residents have now hit out at Birmingham City Council for failing to deal with the issue. The pothole is located at the junction between Gannow Green Lane and Boleyn Road. The huge pothole is 2.5 inches deep and 137 inches long, making it longer than a Smart Fortwo car. The Smart Fortwo only measures 106.1 inches. Drivers now fear that the pothole can damage their suspension and shred their tyres. READ MORE: Elderly drivers adapt quicker to EVs than younger motorists Parents have also said that they are often unable to cross the road with pushchairs. Birmingham City Council said that there is no immediate solution at hand as the pothole could take 12 weeks to repair. That is despite the road on which the pothole is located being very busy. Birmingham Live reported that local residents said the pothole had been there for some time and they were losing patience with the council. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to look out for thieves targeting cars this weekend [WARNING] Drivers could face huge fines for showing rude hand gestures [REVEAL] Drivers will regret choosing hybrids over electric cars [INSIGHT] Dad Gheis Nabhani, known as Ace, from New Frankley, told the newspaper that he was concerned. He said: “I have three children aged four months, three and five and have a double pushchair, but crossing the road with that pothole doesn't make it easy. "I walk across the road every day on a walk and think how bad it is. “Something needs doing about it urgently." Another local resident added: “It is terrible. “When I walk the dogs, I worry about them injuring themselves on it or falling on the pothole." Driver Andy Knowles said: "I dread to think the amount of damage that pothole is doing to cars in the area. “It could cause tyre punctures, suspension damage, even crack a rim. “The council need to fix it now." Birmingham City Council's Highways team, which uses contractor Kier for road repairs, said it was aware of the damage to Gannow Green Lane and planned to repair it within the next 12 weeks. A Birmingham City Council spokesperson said: "The area highlighted does fall within Birmingham’s boundary and the reported ‘pothole’ is surface wear of the carriageway, which was last assessed by a Highway Inspector on March 27, 2022. "The inspector has scheduled a repair for the area which we expect to be completed within the next 12 weeks and are satisfied the carriageway is considered safe for motorists. "We are working hard to improve the condition of the city’s roads as part of a significant investment programme."