Nico Rosberg has been assured that Lewis Hamilton is ‘extremely motivated’ and expects to see a better version of the Mercedes ace for the remainder of the season. Hamilton has endured a frustrating year and already appears to be sidelined in the race for the world championship.   The seven-times world champion has struggled in the new W13 car and has largely been outperformed by new team-mate George Russell. Hamilton appeared more comfortable at last week’s Spanish Grand Prix but suffered a tough time in practice ahead of Monaco on Friday. He was sixth fastest and complained of the car bouncing on a ‘bumpy’ track. But former Mercedes colleague Rosberg has insisted that people within Mercedes believe Hamilton is ‘extremely motivated’ to overcome his difficult start to 2022. The German told Sky Sports: "He's in good form this year. He has had bad luck compared to George [Russell]. I have also spoken to people within Mercedes who say he is extremely motivated. JUST IN: Lando Norris 'sleeps eight hours across four days' ahead of Monaco GP "It was interesting to hear. Now that the car seems to be getting better, we will see a good Hamilton for the rest of the season." Hamilton struggled for performance in Monaco on Friday. It was a slight setback after an excellent Spanish Grand Prix performance that saw him finish fifth. He might have finished on the podium in Barcelona had it not been for an early collision with Kevin Magnussen. The Brit has not finished in the top three since the first event of the season in Bahrain. And Hamilton is keen to manage expectations ahead of Sunday’s Grand Prix, insisting Mercedes’ job is to stay ahead of McLaren. He has conceded that he is not comfortable with the track. DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton felt 'eyeballs coming out of sockets' in MonacoLewis Hamilton calls out Red Bull's music tasteHorner weighs in on Hamilton row as Mercedes star could be penalised "It's the bumpiest the track's ever been. It's probably the bumpiest track I've ever driven," Hamilton said after Friday’s practice sessions. "That makes it difficult but in general our car bounces a lot. It's different bouncing to what we've experienced in the past because it's in the low speed [corners] also, but it's not aero. The bumps are making it worse. "Putting a lap together is, wow, whole new ground. I don't remember experiencing that before. "The grip doesn't feel terrible but it's just eyeballs coming out of the sockets. As anticipated, I didn't think we would be as quick as the Ferraris and Red Bulls. Our battle is to try and stay ahead of the McLarens."