A new nemesis for team leader G Callen (played by Chris O’Donnell) emerged in the latest seasons of the CBS spin-off but was finally defeated in the latest episode, Down the Rabbit Hole. It appears Katya (Sasha Clements) won’t be a problem for the NCIS: Los Angeles team anymore, and the guest star has taken to Instagram to celebrate her final days on the series. NCIS fans have been sending heartfelt thank you messages to guest star Sasha after she posted a number of new behind-the-scenes snaps from her time as Katya. After terrorising Callen with deepfake phone calls and videos in an attempt to ruin his life, Katya was finally taken care of by his CIA friend Joelle Taylor (Elizabeth Bogush). She finally got her hands on the agent in Sunday night’s episode, but, thankfully, his torture was cut short by a bullet through the head, leaving Callen’s partner Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) to take him to safety. Sasha has now taken to her social media page to give fans a closer look at Katya’s gory demise. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan “Who is she?!” she wrote. “Thank you everyone who watched @ncisla! “Coming in as a guest star can feel like being the new kid in school but the cast and crew were SO welcoming! “Such a fun set and an honour getting to work with and learn from the experts! Swipe for some bts of Katya’s downfall.” The actress posted several selfies of herself as Katya covered with fake blood and bullet holes, as well as snaps with Anna Kolcheck star Bar Paly. This is the first time Sasha has made a credited appearance as Katya, who has been working to take down Callen and the team from afar this past season. As fans don’t truly know whether or not Sasha was portraying the real Katya, could one of Callen’s biggest foes come back with a vengeance at some point in the next season? Down in the comments, several fans posted their appreciation for Sasha’s short-lived yet memorable guest role in the popular NCIS series. @hurricaneisaac23 posted: “Awesome and perfect pictures post of y’all. At least you got behind-the-scenes of NCIS: Los Angeles!” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul star pays tribute to ‘master actor’ Tony Dalton [COMMENT]Big Bang Theory star returns in Young Sheldon for new role [NEWS]Bling Empire’s Chèrie Chan speaks out on exit [INSIGHT] “No matter what, you are always looking beautiful and awesome. I hope next time I see you, please be a good [character]!” @barbara_da_dalt replied: “You do great gore! Happy for you honey!” @purgingpoetically said: “Loving that head wound. You’re so gorgeous.” “You do great gore!” @barbara_da_dalt added. “Happy for you honey!” And @sonyreivers simply commented: “Sasha you were amazing!!!!!” In her previous posts, Sasha has been open about living with chronic pain due to autoimmune disease, which flared up during her time filming her NCIS role. Thankfully, in a recent update, she said: “And of course, as the universe would have it, I booked an action-packed role right in the middle of it all to remind me that I can overcome anything. “With major rest, a change in treatment, visualisation, and daily gentle movement, I’ve gotten it under control again.” After landing such a vital role as an NCIS villain, fans can be sure this won’t be the last they’ve seen of Sasha on their screens. NCIS Los Angeles continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.