The Yorkshire Vet recently returned to Channel 5 for a new series of the heartwarming programme which is filmed at Grace Lane Surgery in Kirkbymoorside. During Tuesday night's instalment, Peter Wright had to operate on an old dog with a swollen eye. The 65-year-old admitted the procedure made him think about his own "vulnerability" and the "ageing process".   During the episode, Peter was introduced to a black Labrador called Lexi who had a swollen eye which needed to be removed. He had to work his way around the eye muscles and into the eye using special clamps. The vet had to be careful not to touch the optic nerve as the eyeball was an extremely sensitive area to operate on. With the help of a nurse, he continued with the procedure to try and stop the swelling. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry Netflix doc slammed for Jubilee presence by Ferrari  During the operation, Peter emotionally told the camera: "I've seen lots of dogs where they have come into the world and sadly I have seen them die of old age as well. "It's the circle of life and it starts to make you think about your own vulnerability and the ageing process." He paused and added: "But Lexi is still here and I am still here." He continued with the intricate operation on the poorly pooch by stitching around the swollen area.  After the operation, he said to the dog: "That will be better Lexi when that has healed up. "You will be glad we have got rid of that nasty pain." Peter went to check on Lexi later on and asked the nurse to give her some medication to help ease any pain. "She's getting on quite nicely," one of the nurses told Peter while she was checking over Lexi. DON'T MISS...The Yorkshire Vet Peter Wright shares big 'fear' over puppy boom  [LATEST]The Yorkshire Vet Peter Wright addresses show's future  [UPDATE]The Yorkshire Vet Peter Wright on exciting progress 'Moving forward'  [INTERVIEW]   "She's sitting up now and she's looking very bright, and from just looking at her face - and this may be wishful thinking - but she looks more comfortable already," Peter added. Later on in the episode, Peter visited the pub where Lexi lived with her owner to take out her stitches and check on her. The dog was very well behaved while he cut the stitches out one by one and he thought she had healed well. Her owner said she was acting like a "different dog" who could now play with other canines without a problem.    Peter added: "All that pain has gone and I am sure she is thinking 'yippee let's enjoy life'." Peter has been qualified for more than four decades and he said a lot had changed in the industry since he started. He admitted he had become softer in his older years and found it hard to give clients bad news. The Yorkshire Vet continues on Tuesdays at 8pm on Channel 5.  