Virgin Media is shaking up the UK broadband market with a swathe of offers that are making blisteringly quick downloads much more affordable. The UK Internet Service Provider (ISP) has just launched a sale that's slashed the cost of a number of premium broadband-only plans to £28 per month. That ludicrously low price is available for anyone signing up for Virgin's speedy M200, M350 and M500 packages ...but that's not even the best part. Anyone wanting the ultimate 1Gbps service – which allows them to download a full HD movie in under 40 seconds – can also sign up and pay just £28 a month, that's a saving of over £32 compared to the standard price! As a quick comparison, BT also has a sale on right now with the ISP offering 36Mbps speeds for £26.99 and 50Mbps for £27.99. That means those signing up for Virgin Media's Gig1 plan will get speeds that are around 20 times faster for almost the same price. Virgin Media's plans also include unlimited downloads, a Wi-Fi Hub and access to the firm's new Stream box which lets owners watch TV via their broadband connection. Here are all the deals from Virgin Media Virgin Media M200 • £28 per month (first 6 months)INCLUDES: 213Mbps average download speed, free Wi-Fi hub, unlimited downloadsEXTRA COSTS: £35 set-up feeSEE THE DEAL HERE Virgin Media M350 • £28 per month (first 6 months)INCLUDES: 362Mbps average download speed, free Wi-Fi hub, unlimited downloadsEXTRA COSTS: £35 set-up feeSEE THE DEAL HERE Virgin Media M500 • £28 per month (first 6 months)INCLUDES: 516Mbps average download speed, free Wi-Fi hub, unlimited downloadsEXTRA COSTS: £35 set-up feeSEE THE DEAL HERE Virgin Media GIG1 • £28 per month (first 6 months)INCLUDES: 1,000Mbps average download speed, free Wi-Fi hub, unlimited downloadsEXTRA COSTS: £35 set-up feeSEE THE DEAL HERE Now, you might be wondering that this all sounds way too good to be true and there has to be a catch. Virgin Media says that its latest deals will last for the first six months of the contract, with prices then reverting back to the standard monthly fee. That means anyone signing up for Virgin's Gig1 option will pay £28 per month for 6 months then £62 for the remaining 18 months. Although users don't get that £28 price for the whole contract this is still a pretty good offer and will save someone signing up for Gig1 a total of over £200 compared to paying the standard price for the whole contract. If you want to see how the latest limited-time deal compares to the other offers from Virgin Media, check out our in-depth guide to the best Virgin Media broadband deals. We all want faster broadband but do you really those blisteringly quick downloads? The faster your package the more you'll pay each month so it's worth checking to see if your home would cope with a slower connection. If all you do is watch a bit of Netflix and send the odd email you won't need a premium plan. Here's a quick guide to help you choose 36Mbps - 75Mbps • Perfect for web browsing and streaming in HD 100Mbps - 250Mbps • Perfect for web browsing, streaming in 4K and casual gaming 300Mbps - 500Mbps • Perfect for very busy homes where lots of people are using the web, streaming films and making video calls at the same time 1Gbps • Perfect for gamers who download endless new titles and don't want to spend hours waiting for files to arrive on their consoles. Gig1 will also suit homes with lots of people streaming and watching TV in 4K/8K quality. MORE LIKE THIS