The latest Rightmove housing market index showed the property market is continuing to boom, despite the economic woes Brits have been facing in recent months. Average sold house prices across the UK have been rising almost continuously for over a year now, leaving prospective buyers paying considerably more now than they were pre-coronavirus pandemic. What is the average sold price where you live? The area with the lowest asking average price is the North East, where buyers can look to pay around £180,081 for the average property. Despite having the lowest prices in the UK, the area has still been subjected to enormous rises over the last year, rising 9.8 percent in the past 12 months. Scotland is similarly inexpensive, with average asking prices coming in at £182,389, but rising less in the last year than North East England at 6.9 percent. Wales, which has seen its housing market boom considerably in the last year, has seen average sold prices rise by 14.5 percent. The average sold price in Wales last month was £257,732, up two percent from March. The South East unsurprisingly has the largest average sold price in the UK outside of London at £488,287, rising 10.7 percent in the last year. Tim Bannister, Rightmove’s Director of Property Science said: “People may be wondering why the housing market is seemingly running in the opposite direction to the wider economy at the moment. Wales, which has seen its housing market boom considerably in the last year, has seen average sold prices rise by 14.5 percent. The average sold price in Wales last month was £257,732, up two percent from March. The South East unsurprisingly has the largest average sold price in the UK outside of London at £488,287, rising 10.7 percent in the last year. Tim Bannister, Rightmove’s Director of Property Science said: “People may be wondering why the housing market is seemingly running in the opposite direction to the wider economy at the moment. DON'T MISSThe 10 areas in England with the best annual house price growth [ANALYSIS]Property tips: ‘Potential issues’ to look out for on house viewings [INSIGHT]Cost of living tips: Save £3,120-a-year straight away JULIAN HOUSE [COMMENT] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea John O’Malley, CEO at Pacitti Jones in Glasgow, said: “It appears we are reaching a steady plateau in the housing market following the pandemic property boom. “Whilst frenzied buyer activity has calmed down, the market is definitely holding strong and we are now seeing higher volumes of vendors feeling more comfortable about putting their property on the market before making an offer on another. “Pricing remains very robust with substantial offers being made across the whole market, and in most cases are still significantly in excess of Home Report value. “It appears that people are more comfortable with a new normal, and whilst we should not forget the economic challenges ahead, for now we are taking the view that the market has stabilised.” Aled Ellis, Director at Aled Ellis & Co. in Aberystwyth said: “The property market is still buoyant in our area despite inflationary pressures and higher interest rates.” Mr Ellis said it was unlikely there would be a downward turn for the market, given that supply issues are still pervasive throughout the UK. “The trend is set to continue as there is very little coming on the market, and when it does we agree a sale very quickly. “Since Covid, we’re still seeing a lot more people are able to work from home, and wish to live in rural areas as long as the broadband connection enables them to do so.”