    Boris Johnson has hinted he could press ahead with a windfall tax on oil and gas companies to help struggling households deal with the rising cost of living, writes Martyn Brown – Daily Express Senior Political Correspondent The Prime Minister said “no option is off the table” as he faced increasing pressure from MPs, including some Tories, to bring in the one-off levy to help households cope with food and energy bills. Chancellor Rishi Sunak is crunching the numbers on the possible tax, which was used by George Osborne and Margaret Thatcher. A YouGov poll showed that more than seven in 10 Tory voters support such a move. Mr Johnson, when pressed on the matter yesterday, said: “No option is off the table, let’s be clear about that. “I’m not attracted, intrinsically, to new taxes – but we’ve got to do what we can, and we will, to look after people through the aftershocks of Covid, through the pressures on energy prices and with what’s going on in Russia.” Chief Secretary to the Treasury Simon Clarke also suggested: “The sector is realising enormous profits. If those profits are not directed in a way which is productive for the real economy, we can’t rule out a windfall tax.”  A summer of union strikes could lead to blackouts, empty supermarket shelves and dry petrol pumps, warn industry insiders, writes Sam Lister – Daily Express Deputy Political Editor. Union barons could cause “irreparable damage” if 40,000 Rail, Maritime and Transport union members back action. If Network Rail’s signallers strike, services are expected to only run for part of the day, such as from 7am to 7pm – and only on main lines. Journeys could be reduced to around 20 percent of the normal weekday timetable. Drax, which keeps lights on in millions of homes, Puma Energy, a major forecourt supplier, and Tesco have said supplies may be affected. Yesterday the RMT also announced a 24-hour London Underground walkout for the Monday after the Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  Bank of England chief Andrew Bailey has hit back at claims that the institution allowed inflation to skyrocket.A fall in the size of the UK workforce is to blame, the Governor declared at a Vienna conference, writes Macer Hall – Daily Express Political Editor. He made a speech as tensions between the bank and Government grow – as a result of the annual inflation rate reaching a 40-year high of nine percent last month. He said : “What I reject is…that in our response to Covid, the Bank’s Monetary Policy Committee let demand get out of hand and…stoked inflation.” He pointed out that the national GDP in March was only 0.6 percent above its pre-Covid level, substantially below the path it was expected to follow prior to Covid. He went on: “What we do have is a very tight labour market.“But…the labour force has shrunk by around one percent since the onset of Covid. It looks much more like an impact from the supply of labour.” Highlighting “very large economic shocks”, such as the war in Ukraine, he added: “It is domestic actions that have to get us back to price stability. For monetary policy, the choice of policy actions is influenced by the nature of the shocks we face. “We are facing a very big negative impact on real incomes caused by the rise in prices of things we import [to the UK].”  Police  are gearing up for public disorder this summer with fears that the soaring cost of living could trigger riots across the country, writes Ciaran McGrath. The claim, issued by a senior police source, comes after inflation hit nine percent last week. The source said: “Police are braced for frustrations tipping over. It’s clear with the cost of living, availability of some foodstuffs and the economy tanking – when that starts to hit people in the pocket, that frustration grows. “We know historically that when the economy suffers, acquisitive crime goes up and there is more potential for unrest. ”Former Tory Party leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith has called for benefits to rise in line with inflation to provide a “shield” for the vulnerable. While E.ON energy chief executive Michael Lewis has warned that 40 percent of families could be plunged into fuel poverty this winter unless the Government acts. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Restoring the £20-per-week uplift to universal credit has been ruled out by the Government as a way to ease the cost-of-living crisis, writes Martyn Brown – Daily Express Senior Political Correspondent Simon Clarke, the chief secretary to the Treasury, said the measure was only temporary because of the Covid-19 pandemic. He said the Government is urgently mulling ways to help people ahead of “what will likely be a challenging autumn and winter ahead”. The return of the uplift, withdrawn in October, has been seen as a way by some Tory MPs of targeting help at the poorest with inflation at a 40-year high and rocketing energy bills. Conservative MPs, including the chair of the Northern Research Group, Jake Berry, want more done to help the most vulnerable. Michael Lewis, chief executive of energy giant E.ON UK, has said increasing benefits would ease the pressure on those dealing with ballooning energy bills. The UK is on the brink of a bottled beer shortage as stocks plummet and production costs soar, a wholesaler warns. Prices have jumped by 80 percent in the past 12 months due to rising energy costs. Julie Dunn, from one of Scotland’s largest wholesalers Dunns Food and Drinks, said: “It won’t be long before glassware shortages hit UK consumers. “Our wine and spirits suppliers from around the globe are facing ongoing struggles that will have a knock-on effect. “While some breweries will convert to cans to ensure supply, others will see this as devaluing the brand so will pass on the additional cost to drinkers.” 