While the votes were coming in for the Eurovision Song Contest 2022, Mika performed a medley of his greatest hits including Grace Kelly. The crowds in the Pala Olimpico in Turin were loving the performance as they danced and cheered along. However, fans at home were less than impressed with the singer and quickly voiced their disapproval on Twitter.  One viewer called Jake tweeted: “Mika miming the f*k out of this. #Eurovision #bbceurovison.” User Incognito posted: “Mika get nul points for miming.  #BBCEurovision #Eurovision.” Another called @turntheboxon shared: “Somebody tell Mika to stop miming. Thanks #Eurovision.” A third @LandOfPod raged: “Waiting for Mika to perform all night only for him to be miming #Eurovision.” READ MORE: Why do singers wear earpieces in Eurovision? “FFS Mika why you miming was so looking forward to listening to you #Eurovision,” Lazz asked. Charlie tweeted: “Miming? That's disappointing Mika #EUROVISION.” Part of the reason for the disdain from fans came as UK commentator Graham Norton praised Mika's performance and promised viewers a real treat. While it's unclear whether Mika was indeed miming, a little-known rule at Eurovision means performers can't play instruments live.   So, the rules stipulate all instrumentation must be pre-recorded and artists are essentially miming their instruments. This means reigning champions and Italian rock band Måneskin would have not been able to play their instruments at the contest last year when they stormed to victory. However, it's not clear if this rule also applies to the entertainment or simply the competitors. Along with performing this evening, Mika served as one of the Eurovision hosts alongside Italian stars Alessandro Cattelan and Laura Pausini. DON'T MISS...How much do Amanda and Clive Owen get paid for Our Yorkshire Farm? [EXPLAINER]Laila Rouass on Ronnie O'Sullivan 'feeling flat' after world title win [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes revenge [ANALYSIS]  Some viewers were wondering why Mika was hosting the show as he wasn't Italian. Mika has become better known on the international stage in continental Europe. He has served as a judge on The X Factor Italia and also a coach on The Voice France. Speaking on The One Show recently, he explained how he had earned a place on the Eurovision hosting panel: "I learnt to speak Italian just because I got this opportunity to go and do The X Factor in Italy."  He revealed it had taken him a couple of months and his Italian is much better now. The star noted the irony of Eurovision being the biggest show for the nation and it was being broadcast in English. Mika will be returning to The X Factor Italia for another season. The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 will be available on the BBC iPlayer following the broadcast