Some might argue this shows you what tidy minds they have (although others might question whether they have any minds at all). One thing is certain: they learn nothing from experience. The Winter of Discontent in 1978-79 halved their membership when Margaret Thatcher got to work on their abuse of power. Nor has it recovered much. It is still only around 6.5m, concentrated in the public services - all the better to milk the taxpayer. And so we have threats of strikes on the railways with the RMT forecasting the biggest refusal to work in living memory over proposed job cuts and pay. And to hell with the travelling public. With the same cavalier approach to their responsibilities Civil Servants are filling the air with threats of a withdrawal of labour over the right to work at home (or even abroad) and against a plan for 91,000 job cuts to get back to the 385,000 total in 2016. Never mind that the Covid pandemic has substantially been beaten, though Vladimir Putin’s invasion of the Ukraine will not ease overall manning requirements. The Civil Service unions seem oblivious to the queries in many letters to the press as to how we shall know the difference whether they are working or not. It is a reasonable question given the problems with the issue of vehicle and driving licences, passports, powers of attorney, the processing of Ukrainian applications for asylum and tax queries. But this isn’t the end of it. The British Medical Association, representing GPs, is in a filthy mood and was at one stage demanding a 9am-5pm day, even though the pandemic has left a huge backlog of diagnosis and their decidedly patchy willingness to see their patients face-to-face is putting an intolerable burden on the ambulance service and A&E departments. And to think this lot have taken the Hippocratic oath to protect life at all times. Only at their convenience, it seems. Tube workers have made a habit of quitting the Underground to raise their already handsome pay at the first opportunity as distinct from provocation. University lecturers are cutting up rough and we have even had the threat of a barristers’ strike, which perhaps goes to show how the professions have been infiltrated by political discontents. We know how dedicated - I jest - the teachers’ unions were to continuing education in the class during the pandemic. Universities are still giving lectures online instead of in the lecture hall, regardless of the fact that undergraduates are being charged £9,250 a year for the privilege. What does all this tell us? First, the unions’ preoccupation throughout their record of abuse from the 1950s-1980s with prosecuting the class war did not end with the defeat of Arthur Scargill’s private army in 1985. Mysteriously, they still seem to think the working class is best served in a cost-of living crisis by giving inflation a twist through pay demands, possibly leading to job cuts. No doubt some of these union bigwigs were “educated” in universities that are now a bastion of Corbynite delusion.   Second, the concept of responsibility and duty to provide their paymasters - the taxpayers - with efficient public services has largely flown out of the window, notwithstanding the heroic response of the medical front line during the pandemic. Almost anywhere you look these days you find people obsessed with themselves and their ideas and a determination to inflict them on everyone else. In short, it will be amazing if this is NOT a summer of disruption given prevalent attitudes and rising inflation, interest rates, public debt and the economic consequences of the pandemic and the invasion of the Ukraine. If it is many will see it as the ultimate denial of individual responsibility to help restore the economy and defend freedom. The fact that we have a Tory Government is no excuse. A summer of discontent will do nothing for Labour since it will be caused by its paymasters, the unions. And, to repeat, the interests of the ordinary citizen are best served by a sound economy. That is best achieved by disciplined shoulders to the wheel, not by strikes. 