Jen Needham, also known as the Cleaning Fairy Godmother, is a cleaning guru with a huge 800k followers on TikTok. She posts cleaning advice to @clean_with_jen on Instagram. Now she has detailed how she cleans her carpet and removes stains to leave it looking good as new. "Now you all know me as Clean with Jen, but I am also a very clumsy Jen, like serious butterfingers," she told her followers. "Now, this doesn’t always mean great things for my carpet." However, she told followers "stains on (her) carpet don’t stand a chance" thanks to her carpet cleaner. Jen demonsrated how to use the Bissell ProHeat 2X Revolution Pet Pro. READ MORE: Cleaning tip: Lynsey Queen of Clean on getting bloodstains out of carpet - 'never' heat it She shared her top tips for getting tough stains out of your carpet. These include cleaning up stains immediately and pre-treating the stain. Jen said: "As soon as a stain happens get to it right away - wet stains are much easier to tackle than dried ones. "Soak up any excess, but be careful not to rub, you just want to gently lift away any excess. "I find it the easiest to use the long hose upholstery attachments for this as I can get right to the stained spot." DON'T MISS'A huge mistake': Urgent warning to avoid ruining your surfaces [CLEANING] Popular tip to clean the floor can result in 'chemical stains' [WARNING] 'Make grout white again': Cleaner's sonic tool to clean grout [HELP] When it comes to pre-treating the stain, Jen described how she does it. She said: "Now it’s time to pre-treat the stain. I let the water cool down from the kettle first – before adding water to the tank. "For almost all stains I use Bissell’s Wash and Protect Formula, using the spray nozzle I soak the affected spot in my carpet and then let that sit for five minutes, this really helps to break down the stain. "After the stain has been pre-treated, this is when I will go over it using the Revolution Pet Pro. "To get those stains out the first time, pass over the stain slowly as this allows the brushes to get deep into the carpet and slowly pull back to reveal perfectly clean carpets. "I won’t tell you how many times this carpet cleaner has saved my bacon, and more importantly my carpets." Another homes expert recently detailed a huge mistake some cleaners make when cleaning the floor. It could result in damaging your home. The Founder of Luxury Flooring & Furnishings, warned against this particular trend because it could really damage your floors. He said: "While it’s good to get creative with your cleaning, it’s important to pay attention to what you are adding to the mix to create your solution. "Many cleaning TikTokers are showing their use of laundry detergent tablets, dishwasher tablets, and powdered detergent to create their mix." However, this can be a risky combination, the expert said.