Jurrien Timber’s agency have fuelled talk of an imminent move to Manchester United. The Ajax star is admired by Erik ten Hag, having spent the last few years playing under the 52-year-old. And, now, a reunion at Old Trafford may take place. Manchester United want a new centre-back this summer. Phil Jones, Eric Bailly and Axel Tuanzebe are all likely to depart, while Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof have been infuriatingly inconsistent this term. And Timber has been heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford in recent weeks, ever since it was confirmed Ten Hag would be the club’s new manager. The Ajax star is represented by the Forza Sports Group. And the company have now dropped a hint a transfer is on the cards by posting a picture that appears to be at an airport. They accompanied it with the caption: “Deal closing time…” Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings If United are able to sign Timber at speed, it will bode well for a busy summer transfer window ahead. The Red Devils are determined to improve their squad to give Ten Hag the best possible chance of succeeding at Old Trafford. And a defender isn’t the only signing expected to be made as the Red Devils look to reel in the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. In goal, Dean Henderson appears to be edging closer to joining Newcastle. And while United have Tom Heaton ready to deputise, they could pursue a new shot-stopper to fill the void left by a potential departure. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag The Red Devils are open to landing a full-back this summer at a time where Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Diogo Dalot and Alex Telles have struggled for consistency. In midfield, United plan on bolstering their ranks amid the imminent departures of Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba. Declan Rice, Kalvin Phillips and Frenkie de Jong have been linked amid uncertainty over their futures at West Ham, Leeds and Barcelona respectively. And, up top, Darwin Nunez is one of the names on the table to ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo. Timber is contracted to Ajax until 2024. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But history suggests United will be able to get this deal over the line due to the fact the Eredivisie regularly sell their best players for big profit. United have raided Ajax twice since the departure of Sir Alex Ferguson nine years ago. Daley Blind touched down in the summer transfer window of 2014, back when Louis van Gaal was manager. And Ole Gunnar Solskjaer recruited Donny van de Beek two years ago, though the Netherlands international has struggled for form since. Meanwhile, regarding Timber, Ten Hag recently hailed the 22-year-old. "I think all top clubs in Europe have Timber in their sights,” he said. "But I think that currently applies to a lot of Ajax players." United are next in action against Crystal Palace on Sunday in their final match of the Premier League season. And a win or draw would see them qualify for the Europa League ahead of West Ham. However, if they fail to achieve a positive result and the Hammers beat Brighton, then the UEFA Conference League will loom.