Mick Carter (played by Danny Dyer) and Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) are now an item. The unlikely EastEnders couple hit it off when Janine started working at The Queen Vic as the Carters' marriage was on the rocks, and she manipulated Linda (Kellie Bright) into drinking again and giving up on her marriage. Official spoilers from the BBC soap confirm Janine is set to become jealous as Mick and Linda unite to take care of their son, Ollie (Harry Farr). As Linda hits the booze again, could Janine decide to get rid of Linda for good and make her death seem like an accident?  In future episodes, Mick is distracted by Linda, who has received a phone call from Ollie's school. A dejected Janine feels pushed away, but Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy) explains to her that Mick's priority will always be his children. Later, Janine overhears Jada Lennox (Kelsey Calladine-Smith) sharing her concerns with Zack Hudson (James Farrar) about Linda being drunk around the children. Never one to miss an opportunity for revenge, a meddling Janine encourages Jada to stand her ground and speak to Martin Fowler (James Bye). Martin understands Jada’s concerns and discusses the situation with Zack, who says Linda has one more chance otherwise she’s out of the house. READ MORE: The Blacklist: Kurt Perez title card leaves NBC viewers emotional Zack gives Linda the ultimatum – reduce the drinking or she’s out, which leaves both her and Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) stunned. As Nancy reels, Mick suggests they throw a Jubilee party in the Square and Janine offers to step in and help. In The Vic, Mick mentions the party and Royal Family fan Linda interjects, sharing her enthusiasm. However, as the two share some laughs, Mick catches himself and stops. This leaves his ex-wife feeling pushed out and upset, and has her tempted to hit the bottle. Later, she searches through Mick’s phone and sees that he has been researching intimacy issues. After some harsh words from Janine, Linda returns to Sharon Watt's (Letitia Dean) ready to drink, leaving Jada furious. Mick and Janine go on a date night but run into a very drunk Linda. It's likely Jada threw her out of the house and, knowing about the couple's intimacy issues, Linda is probably hoping to embarrass Mick and Janine. It could be that Linda drunkenly stirs things up and humiliates the pair, which would leave Janine particularly furious. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Jean Slater becomes killer in hospital plot [THEORY]Phil Spencer explains appeal of Location, Location, Location [EXCLUSIVE]BGT judges sent into panic as risky ice act results in injury [VIDEO] Linda has been the main thing standing between Janine and Mick's relationship, and Janine isn't the type to patiently wait for things to blow over. Furthermore, Linda is increasing the tension between them by causing a scene at their expense every time she's drunk. Could a fed-up Janine form an evil plan? The classic Walford character has been involved in her fair share of "deaths" in the past, so it wouldn't be out of character. Rather than murdering Linda in a fit of rage, Janine might set the vulnerable woman up for a fatal accident and stage it as a drunken tragedy. When Janine was trying to break Linda and Mick up last year, she visited the latter, who didn't know who she was. Janine ended up encouraging a sober Linda to have a drink and suggested she leave her husband. Unfortunately, it seems Janine knows what buttons to press with Linda while she's in a state of addiction. If she gets her to drink heavily again, she might be able to ensure Linda "has a trip" somewhere she won't be found for a while. Janine pulled a similar stunt with her husband Barry in 2004, marrying him before pushing him off a cliff to stage an accident before taking his money. Although Janine has insisted she has reformed since her younger days, her main focus is always on getting what she wants. With Linda trying to sabotage her relationship with Mick and leaving them both humiliated, she isn't likely to be forgiving. Will Janine once again become a cold-blooded killer? Perhaps she will lure Linda away from the Square and entice her to drink before pushing her to become violent. A heavily intoxicated Linda might be pushed by Janine during the altercation, and she could end up leaving the injured woman to die. Will the villain return to her old tricks, with Linda as her next victim? EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.