Harry and Meghan’s son, Archie Harrison, celebrates his third birthday today. The milestone has left royal watchers hoping for a photograph of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s first born to be released. However, since stepping down from their roles in the Royal Family two years ago, Meghan and Harry have had more control over their children’s media presence, and have gone against the royal tradition of birthday portraits. Birthdays make a good time to show how the youngest generation of royals are growing up. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge recently shared photos of her youngest son, Prince Louis, and daughter, Princess Charlotte, who celebrated their birthdays on April 23 and May 2. As an amateur photographer, the Duchess is often behind the camera, giving a more personal insight into her life as a mother. Similarly, the Queen, who celebrated her 96th birthday last month, was photographed in Windsor with two ponies to mark her monumental milestone. While Meghan and Harry have not followed the birthday portrait custom, there have been photos released of the Sussex children. There has only been one picture of Lilibet Diana, who was born in June last year. The Sussexes’ posed for a 2021 Christmas card, which saw Meghan holding baby Lilibet and gave a rare glimpse of Archie as a toddler. Notably, the world’s first sight of the Sussexes’ daughter was six months into her life. Typically, royal babies are shown in their parents’ arms within days or even hours of the birth. Archie, who was born in 2019, was photographed as a newborn at Windsor Castle, a few months after at a polo game and later on a tour of southern Africa with his parents. But official portraits have become rarities since the Sussexes’ exit from the Firm, the couple preferring to opt for more arty photographs, often showing only their children’s feet or backs, rather than their face. Historically, royal children have been photographed by the media themselves either at royal events or at the request of family members. DON'T MISSPrincess Anne had press scared to ask simple question on outing [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry 'need to keep royal branding' to ensure 'relevance' [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [INSIGHT] Last month, Prince George and Charlotte were pictured with their parents at the Easter Sunday service at St George’s Chapel, and a few weeks before at Prince Philip’s Service of Thanksgiving at Westminster Abbey. However, as Harry and Meghan are no longer working royals, their children do not typically accompany them to work events and therefore do not appear in front of the camera. Neither of them accompanied the Duke and Duchess in their recent visit to the UK and the Netherlands. In previous years, the Sussexes have marked their son’s birthday online. Last year, the couple released a photograph of Archie with his back to the camera, holding a bunch of balloons, on the Archewell website. It came alongside a plea for donations to help poorer nations access Covid vaccinations. In 2020, Archie’s first birthday was marked with a video posted on social media. Meghan read the story 'Duck Rabbit' to Archie while Harry was behind the camera filming the sweet family moment. The video was in support of the Save The Children coronavirus fund and it was shared on the charity's social media pages. The Royal Family also paid tribute to Archie on his first and second birthday on Twitter, with posts including pictures of Archie as a baby. Royal fans are hoping the Sussexes follow precedent and are optimistically awaiting a birthday sighting of Meghan and Harry’s son. Harry did recently share some insight into Archie, particularly his many dream jobs. During his speech at the Invictus Games opening ceremony, the Duke revealed that his son has dreams of being an “astronaut”, a “helicopter pilot” or “Kwazii, from Octonauts” — one of the main characters in one of Archie’s most-loved Netflix shows. Harry continued: “But what I remind him is that no matter what you want to be when you grow up, it’s your character that matters most, and nothing would make his mum and me prouder than to see him have the character of what we see before us today.” Meghan and Harry’s recent visit to the UK has brought into question whether they will join the Royal Family during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. While no decision has been publicly made, it has been reported that they have been invited to appear on Buckingham Palace balcony. It’s understood that the Queen is keen to see the Sussexes’ children, particularly because she has not yet met Lilibet. When asked about the Jubilee, Harry said that he did not know whether he and his family would be in attendance. He told NBC’S Hoda Kotb last month: "I don’t know yet, there’s lots of things – security issues and everything else. “So this is what I’m trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her [the Queen]."