Mercedes star Lewis Hamilton believes he has suffered from ‘bad luck’ and is hoping for rain at the Monaco Grand Prix to help turn his faltering 2022 season around. The Brit will start the iconic race from P8 on the grid as he chases points to make up ground in the Drivers’ Championship. At the Spanish Grand Prix, Hamilton's excellent comeback drive following a first lap collision secured fifth in Barcelona last weekend to provide the seven-time world champion with some hope and confidence as he looks to haul himself back into the title mix. The Brit finds himself 64 points behind championship leader Max Verstappen heading into the seventh round of the season. As Ferrari star Charles Leclerc secured his third pole position in as many races during Saturday’s qualifying, Hamilton could only take eighth - two places behind Mercedes teammate George Russell. While the principality has bathed in sizzling sun so far this weekend, there is a chance that rain could impact Sunday's race, which is something Hamilton is hoping for. “I am not doing any dancing but I do want it to rain so I am not just driving around in the dry in eighth,” said Hamilton. “You cannot overtake so I am hoping that the weather plays up and maybe we can do a different strategy. READ MORE: George Russell praying for rain in Monaco as he outlines Mercedes woes “We were not very good in the low-speed corners at the last race so I anticipated it would be difficult, but it is worse than we anticipated because it is super-bouncy. It would be nice to have some luck for once. “I have been having bad luck all year so it is bound to stop at some stage.” The 37-year-old was alluding to the dramatic conclusion to qualifying on Saturday, which was red flagged with around 30 seconds remaining. Red Bull driver Sergio Perez crashed into the wall on the entrance to the tunnel with Ferrari’s Carlos Sainz colliding into the Mexican’s helpless car. Neither driver was injured in the slow-speed crash, but with a Red Bull and Ferrari blocking the track, the session was suspended and it was decided it would not be restarted. It was particularly frustrating for Hamilton, as he was setting personal bests at the time. DON'T MISSRosberg accuses Hamilton of 'losing way' amid Mercedes strugglesVerstappen plans for leaving F1 months after inking £40m Red Bull dealRosberg explains Hamilton position after chat with Mercedes insiders It is unlikely Hamilton would have been able to overhaul Russell, though, who qualified four tenths faster than his more illustrious teammate. Russell, who is 28 points ahead of Hamilton in the standings, said: “Sixth is not a result to be celebrating but when you look at it objectively, there was no reason for us to be any higher. “We have really struggled with the compliance of the car. Following Barcelona, our strengths were straight-line speed and the high-speed corners and there are none of those high-speed corners here, so I was really pleased with the lap. “Obviously there was a red flag but I was still four-tenths up on Lewis so that was promising.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Monaco Grand Prix in Monte-Carlo on May 29.