The air aces of the RAF’s legendary 617 Squadron will be immortalised in a new stained glass window at Scampton Church. Modest St John The Baptist Church was where Wing Commander Guy Gibson, who led the daring raid on the Ruhr Valley in 1943, said a quiet prayer before the Second World War’s most remarkable mission. The Squadron will be recognised with the installation on March 23 next year - exactly 80 years to the day since its formation. Operation Chastise, as the Dambuster raid was known, was a mission to hasten the end of the war. Few thought it would succeed, but Barnes Wallis’s revolutionary bouncing bombs, released from 60ft above ground, destroyed the Ruhr Valley dams, flooding Hitler’s industrial heartland. The Lancaster picture - taken over Beachy Head in East Sussex - is the star lot. The picture has been framed using lenticular printing to produce an image which has the ability to move as it is viewed from different angles. It features signatories of 617 veterans, including Squadron Leader Johnny Johnson, 100, the sole survivor of the Dambusters raid, Group Captain Leonard Cheshire, Squadron Leader Lawrence “Benny” Goodman, Squadron Leader Tony Ivesen and Wing Commander John Bell. It is being auctioned at the Royal Air Force Club in London’s Piccadilly on June 5. The winning bidder will be invited to attend the 80th anniversary celebratory dinner of 617 Squadron and will also receive a personalised plaque with an engrossed Guy Gibson signature. Bomber Command fundraiser and seventies pop star Jim Dooley, 75, who took the airbourne snap, said: ”The freedom we enjoy today was earned by the outstanding bravery of individuals such as Guy Gibson and his like in the forces of our Second World War generation. "It is a pleasure to donate for auction my totally unique living picture of a Lancaster Bomber, the type immortalised by 617 Squadron on the famous dams raid.” The death of flying ace Guy Gibson was kept quiet for two months to preserve morale. A top secret telegram announcing he was killed in action was sent to the officers’ mess of 617 Squadron by Air Marshal Arthur “Bomber” Harris on November 19, 1944. It confirmed the RAF poster boy was shot down during a daring raid over Germany. The message was read out to senior officers but kept from rank and file airmen. It was not until January the following year that his death was made public, hitherto hushed up so as not to damage the morale of RAF crews and the public at a crucial time of the war. Wing Cmdr Gibson won a Victoria Cross for leading the bouncing bomb raids but perished aged 26 when his plane mysteriously crashed 16-months later. It was thought the legendary airman - immortalised by Richard Todd in the 1955 film The Dam Busters - hit the ground after running out of fuel or flying too low. The Germans, Dutch locals and a priest held a funeral for the two airmen, marking the grave with names they found on an identity tag and a laundry tag in Wing Cmdr Gibson’s sock. But in a sensational taped confession a Lancaster Bomber gunner claims he shot down Wing Cmdr Gibson’s twin-engine Mosquito by mistake. Sergeant Bernard McCormack was in Wing Cdr Gibson’s formation of 227 Lancaster bombers and 10 Mosquitoes during the nighttime raid. As they returned to RAF Woodall in Lincs., Sgt McCormack thought he saw a German Junkers 88, which looked like a Mosquito, so fired 600 rounds, bringing it down over the Dutch town of Steenbergen. He only realised he had killed the hero pilot and his navigator Jim Warwick during a debrief by RAF intelligence officers. Wracked by guilt, he taped a confession, which he entrusted to his wife Eunice when he died in 1992. The sepia coloured telegram was found in a book about the Dambusters in a house in Banbury, Oxon. Air Marshal Harris’s telegram from the Air Ministry read: “Regret to inform the mess that W/C Gibson and S/L Warwick now confirmed killed as a result of air operations over Germany on night of 19 Sept. “I have informed the Prime Minister and NOK (next of kin).” A handwritten note at the foot of the message penned by Group Captain James Tait added: “Read out to the mess but did not inform men.” Wing Cmdr Gibson was officially listed as missing in action on November 29 - 10 days after the RAF confirmed he had been killed - and the announcement of his death was made on January 8, 1945. When the hammer falls it is hoped a significant sum will have been raised towards the £18,000 target needed to complete the chapel renovation. RAF Scampton in Lincolnshire is the base from which the Dambusters took off. The chapel is not on Ministry of Defence property so there is no state obligation to meet repair and maintenance costs. However, it has played a significant role in the spiritual needs of 617 Squadron combatants and its successors over the years. The Squadron is now based at RAF Marham, Norfolk.