Reece James would be a perfect replacement for Dani Carvajal at Real Madrid, according to former Chelsea right-back Glen Johnson. However, Johnson believes a deal will not happen because neither Chelsea or James will want it to. The England international has been linked with a move to the Bernabeu but still has over three years remaining on his contract at Stamford Bridge. He has had a fine season for Chelsea in-between a number of injury issues. James has five goals and six assists in his 22 Premier League appearances this term and has been used at both wing-back and right centre-back by boss Thomas Tuchel. Johnson is a big fan of the 22-year-old but believes Chelsea would block a move to Real and says the player won't want to leave his boyhood club. Johnson told GGRecon: "He would absolutely be a perfect long-term replacement for Dani Carvajal, but I can’t imagine that Chelsea would let him go and I doubt that Reece would want to leave the club anyway. But yes, if Real Madrid could land him then he would be a fantastic long-term replacement." READ MORE: Man City boss Pep Guardiola shares theory behind last-gasp meltdown vs Real Madrid  Marca recently claimed that James 'likes the idea of joining Madrid'. However, the Spanish side do not believe they have the financial capabilities this summer to strike a deal despite Chelsea's takeover uncertainty. Carvajal, 30, meanwhile, has been at Real for the whole of his professional career besides a year at Bayer Leverkusen. The Spaniard helped Carlo Ancelotti's side overcome Manchester City in the Champions League semi-final on Wednesday, providing the cross which led to Rodrygo's second goal to take the match to extra-time. Elsewhere, Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand spoke of his admiration for Chelsea's James earlier this week. Speaking on his Vibe with Five YouTube channel, he picked James as his young player of the season. DON'T MISSMarcus Rashford's price tag at Man Utd has changed by £90m as two rivals eye deal [TRANSFERS]Ten Hag may approve four shirt number changes at Man Utd including Fernandes [OPINION]Man City mocked by Spartak Moscow after Real Madrid's dramatic Champions League win [SOCIAL]  Ferdinand said: “I’m going to go Reece James [for Premier League young player of the season]. I just think the importance that he has in this team, when he doesn’t play in that team now they miss him massively. "He has a massive impact in that team. I watched him at Old Trafford the other day… he was treating some Man United players like boys. That’s how good he is, how comfortable he looks now. “I’ve seen him on loan at Wigan playing centre-back, playing in midfield. He’s so versatile. His passing range is off the charts. Just his all-round general play, the composure, the physicality, his defending one-v-one. I think he’s got everything.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 