Thierry Henry has detailed why he ignored Liverpool star Virgil van Dijk after their pulsating 3-2 win over Villarreal on Tuesday evening - claiming he no longer has the Dutchman's number. Van Dijk starred in the win which saw Liverpool reach their third Champions League final in five years under Jurgen Klopp. He was on post-match interview duties when CBS talked to him about the game. But after finding out Henry was in the studio, the former Southampton star grilled the Frenchman over why he has yet to text him back. And the Frenchman was quick to defend himself over his actions. "Who is in your studio, then?" Van Dijk asked. And after being told that Jamie Carragher, Micah Richards and Henry were the ones analysing the game, the Dutchman revealed Henry had blanked him. READ MORE: Virgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback "Thierry? I texted him, but he didn't text me back," the Liverpool star continued. But the Arsenal legend quickly defended himself by stating that he did not have Van Dijk's number. "I actually don't have his number anymore," Henry stated on CBS's coverage of the Champions League. "So text me, I'll go for someone else to get his number. "I changed my number at the same time, and put all my numbers on my new phone and his number isn't there now," Carragher argued on behalf of the centre-back, joking that Henry was being rude. DON'T MISSLiverpool striker Divock Origi's AC Milan transfer placed on hold due to takeover talksLiverpool ratings: Luis Diaz gets 9 as Villarreal win seals Champions League final spotVirgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback "I mean to be fair, there's been a lack of respect from Thierry to Virgil van Dijk," Carragher said. "On CBS not wearing a tie, not texting him back, there's a little bit of a theme here! He's a top guy, he's showing you that respect and you aren't getting back in touch." But Henry refused to back down, stating that the star "didn't text the right number" with a smirk on his face. "You're actually upset because he's texting me!" the Arsenal hero added. The Reds will face the winners of Real Madrid and Manchester City's crunch clash in Madrid on Wednesday evening.