The GB News Presenter said if Sir Keir Starmer was “riding in on a valiant steed to save Labour” the party would be “taking a lot more” seats than just in London. Sir Keir’s party further strengthened its grip on the capital in the local elections 2022, taking the totemic Tory authority in Wandsworth, winning Westminster for the first time since its creation in 1964 and clinching victory in Barnet.  Mr Grimes tweeted: “Let's not forget that the Conservatives have been in power since 2010. “If Sir Keir Starmer was the man riding in on a valiant steed to save Labour they ought to be taking a lot more than London.” Prime Minister Boris Johnson's Conservative Party lost control of traditional strongholds in London as voters punished his government over a series of scandals and Brexit. Mr Johnson's party was ousted in Wandsworth, a low-tax Conservative stronghold since 1978, part of a trend in the capital where voters used the elections to express anger over a cost-of-living crisis and fines imposed on the prime minister for breaking his own COVID-19 lockdown rules. For the first time, the Labour Party won the council of Westminster, a district where most government institutions are located. The Tories also lost control of the borough of Barnet, which has been held by the party in all but two elections since 1964.  READ MORE: POLL: Should Boris Johnson resign over local election results? Sir Keir told party supporters in London: “Fantastic result, absolutely fantastic. Believe you me, this is a big turning point for us from the depths of 2019 general election.” He said Labour's gain from the Conservatives had "sent a message" to Mr Johnson. He thanked his teams for working hard across the capital and the country for helping the party achieve its gains.  DON'T MISS  Have your say: Was local elections a nightmare for Boris? Or Keir? [POLL]Furious Tory councillor demands Boris Johnson quit [OPINION]Keir Starmer snubs GMB reporter as viewers slam 'car crash' interview [VIDEO] Sir Keir told Labour supporters in Barnet, north London, on Friday morning: "We've sent a message to the Prime Minister: Britain deserves better."But outside the capital the Conservatives lost overall control of councils in Southampton, Worcester and West Oxfordshire. This means the party has not done as badly as some polls had predicted. One poll in the run-up to the elections said the Conservatives could lose about 800 council seats.  John Curtice, a professor of politics at the University of Strathclyde, said early trends suggested the Conservatives were on course to lose about 250 seats. He said the results suggested Labour may not emerge as the largest party at the next election.  Oliver Dowden, the chairman of the Conservatives, said the party "had some difficult results", but that Labour was not on course to win the next general election. He told Sky News: “Labour are certainly not on the path to power and I believe that Boris Johnson does have the leadership skills, in particular the energy and the dynamism that we need during this difficult period of time.”