During the speech, the PM outlined 38 proposed laws, saying: “We need to grow our way out of it, by creating hundreds of thousands of new high-wage, high-skilled jobs across the country.” Among those present at the speech was Sir Keir, who accused the government of whacking up taxes at the worst possible moment.  But Boris was not having any of it, as he poked fun at the beergate scandal that surfaced in April 2021. The Labour leader was pictured drinking a beer with fellow Labour workers during an office party on April 30 2021. Initially, the scandal was used as a Tory attack line, but has now developed further after Durham police reopened the investigation into whether the Labour leader broke Covid lockdown rules. Mr Starmer argued that there was no scandal, as he had a drink whilst sharing a takeaway meal with his colleagues and that indoor gatherings were allowed for ‘work purposes’.  Despite this defence, Tory MPs have claimed that this was a social gathering and not work, and have been adding more evidence to reinforce the case. It was later revealed that the takeaway bill had come to £200, with Angela Rayner – Shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster – present at the event. This only added to the claims that the event was in fact a social gathering and not for work purposes as previously argued by Mr Starmer. The Mail on Sunday also leaked a Labour party planning note on May 8, showing that Mr Starmer was scheduled to have dinner with the local Durham MP – Mary Foy.  READ MORE: Keir doesn't grasp why he has to resign, says ALAN LYCAS Since the scandal, people have asked for Sir Keir Starmer to resign following the claims, with Boris Johnson using the event as ammunition to gag the leader during his speech. The speech on 10 May left many disappointed, after Boris failed to mention any plans to help the already struggling families immediately. Desperate MPs begged Mr Johnson to cut taxes now to save the country from a toxic mix of low growth, high inflation and high unemployment. Mr Starmer said: “This government’s failure to grow the economy over a decade, combined with its inertia in the face of spiralling bills, means that we are staring down the barrel of something we haven’t seen in decades – a stagflation crisis.  DON'T MISS: Labour and Tory MPs in furious clash as they fight to defend leaders [INSIGHT]Labour MP lambasted over Queen 'work from home' jibe at Boris [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan 'damaging the Crown' as Queen given 'little option' [COMMENT] “Taxes today are too high. We need to get some fundamentals right. High taxes don’t deliver growth – they stifle it. “Low taxes deliver high productivity therefore low taxes is the pre-emptive answer to stagflation which is the biggest threat on our horizon in the coming year.” The Queen’s speech also vowed to help renters, rejuvenate high streets, improve Britain’s schools, and offer residents the chance to vote on new housing in their area. 