A special extended bank holiday weekend will provide an opportunity for communities and people throughout the United Kingdom to come together to celebrate the historic milestone. To celebrate this unprecedented anniversary, events and initiatives will take place throughout the year, culminating in a four day UK bank holiday weekend from Thursday 2 to Sunday 5 June. However, with many Britons opting to decorate their property for this event it could lead to some accidental harm. With the celebrations just weeks away, many will be decorating their homes and gardens. Although it’s important that you decorate the exterior of your property safely so that any visitors don't come to face any accidental harm, otherwise, you might end up paying for it. Property gurus at Barratt Homes have put together a helpful guide to help homeowners decorate their property as safely as possible for the Platinum Jubilee this year. As a homeowner or occupier of a property you owe a duty of care to visitors, and you may find yourself liable if any accidents are caused by the dangerous condition of your property or the decorations that have been installed. READ MORE: Are garden fences covered by insurance? Why you should read fine print This duty of care means households should make sure their property is reasonably safe including any driveway or steps. If you are aware of a specific hazard, you must take measures to highlight the hazard to those approaching the property. To ensure that no one is hurt during a street or private Jubilee party, set up decorations that will keep the house well-lit, and always double-check that the lights and their wires will not create a hazard for visitors. Using fireworks to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee can also see a fine of up to £5,000 and imprisonment for up to six months for selling or using fireworks illegally. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove ‘awful’ smells from washing machines [COMMENT]Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [EXPERT]Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [TIPS] Households could also be subject to an on-the-spot fine of £90. It is also important to make sure that driveway, steps or any other entry points to a home are free from items that could cause people to trip on or walk into. If someone does have an accident because of the way a property has been decorated, the owner could be dealt with a fine of up to £5,000 too. Bunting, balloons, and banners are all fire hazards. Make sure you avoid slips, trips, and falls whilst children are running around by ensuring these decorations are up high. Also, ensure these decorations are out of the way of candles and not to tie them so close to lights and naked flames. Lights and candles should be used to a minimum and should be kept out of the way of curtains, blinds, and other decorations. Where possible, LED lights should be used instead of candles to avoid fire disruption. Keep drinks away from wires. A knocked-over drink can quickly become a fire hazard. Keep all wires in sight and keep an eye on children running around. The law in the UK is governed by the Occupier’s Liability Act 1957 (Lawful Visitors) and Occupier’s Liability Act 1984 (Persons other than Visitors). Homeowners do not have a duty to prevent all accidents, but they are obliged to deliver reasonable care for the safety of visitors to their property. Ensuring everything is safe covers home insurance and any unwanted liabilities.