The presenter visited a family in Bolton, Greater Manchester, who were overwhelmed by a mountain of mess which was taking up a considerable amount of space in their home. Nicky, who lives with her husband Chris and daughter Lucy, had their cluttered home completely transformed by Nick's team on the Channel 5 show. During the emotional episode, Nicky started sobbing when a "beautiful" photograph of her grandmother was placed in her newly refurbished bedroom.  The presenter also left the couple stunned when he revealed their home was worth £40,000 more than its initial value, meaning it could now sell for up to £250,000. Since moving in 12 years ago the chaotic and damp master bedroom had never been touched and had been piling up with Nicky and Chris' belongings. The kitchen, spare bedroom and living room were also full of clutter and Nicky, Chris, Lucy and Nicky's son Sam, who lives away at university, were tasked with throwing out items which they no longer needed. Once the items were taken out of the home, Nick's team of experts got to work revamping the home from top to toe. At the end of the episode, Nicky and her family were brought back into their house to see the final result. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Andrea Tate returns as she's Gabby's stalker After being shown her new clutter-free family lounge a gobsmacked Nicky said: "I absolutely love it." Her son Sam added: "It's a completely different room, it is so different to what it ever was before. "There is so much more light coming in the room now as well." Nick noticed Nicky was starting to cry as she was taking in the transformation and he politely asked her if she was okay.  While wiping away her tears, she explained: "Yeah, I'm just having a moment, but yeah I am all right." A concerned Nick asked: "Are they happy tears?" The mum-of-two nodded: "Definitely, I just can't believe it. That fireplace is just amazing, I love that because it is lovely and modern now. "It was just awful [before] and it just really impacted how the room looked."  DON'T MISS...Nick Knowles, 59, slams critics of age gap relationship with partner [LATEST]Big House Clear Out's Nick Knowles cries over death of stars husband [INSIGHT]Nick Knowles health: Presenter on secret '10-month' long Covid battle [EXPLAINER] Nicky and Chris were then taken upstairs to see how Nick's team had transformed the master bedroom into a tranquil and relaxing space. They painted the walls a calming grey and added gold mirrors to make the room look more spacious. A stunned Nicky said: "The whole thing just looks like a magazine, it's like how other people live." A reassuring Nick told her: "No, this is how you live now and the reason you can live like this is because you made all the difficult decisions to move all the stuff out so you have room in your house to live rather than to just exist."  She was soon brought to tears again when she came across a black and white photograph on her new dressing table of her grandmother as an 18-year-old while she was working in a warehouse. "That's beautiful, thank you," she told Nick while welling up over the image which was mounted inside a gold frame to match the mirrors. When Nick asked her why her grandmother meant a lot to her she said: "I was always really close to my nan when I was growing up." Nick Knowles' Big House Clear Out airs Thursdays at 8pm on Channel 5 and episodes are available to watch on My5. 