Limiting beliefs about yourself are preventing you from finding true happiness. Don’t keep telling yourself you aren’t good enough, smart enough or experienced enough to take up an offer or opportunity. Change the pattern by acting opposite to what you would normally do and push past these mental obstacles. Accept the chance to play a leading role in a team event or community venture. Your determination to get results will inspire others, too, to make some worthwhile achievements. Work you are doing on behalf of a charity will be highly rewarding. Keep up the good work. You have a number of serious obligations ahead. One thing in your favour is the positive and assertive approach you are taking to all you have taken on. It’s unlikely anything will be too much for you. Important matters can be dealt with swiftly and efficiently.  Projects launched now stand a good chance of meeting with success. There will be stumbling blocks ahead and you are prepared for this. Your determination to overcome anything blocking your initial progress will take you far. There are aspects of life that bring you contentment but also areas that bring cause for concern. No matter how hard it might sound, try to keep your thoughts positive. A financial problem is not going to go away if you ignore it. Some issues would benefit from serious discussion. The care you have put into an important project is starting to pay off and already you sense the bountiful rewards coming your way. The end is in sight and you will want to show appreciation of all the support, help and advice you have received to get this far.  It can seem at times that no matter what you do or say, you can’t put a foot right. Such a feeling won’t last too long. An important meeting or interview needs your full attention and by the end of this you will be in a happier frame of mind. It’s hard not to feel put out by having to wait for other people to make up their minds about what they are going to do. A question mark hangs over some of your own plans for you cannot proceed without knowing the intentions of others and what options are before you due to their decisions. A hectic schedule keeps you rushed off your feet. A last-minute request from your boss or a senior colleague will have everyone in a dither. If this is a test of strength, patience or willpower you will be showing a side to your nature others have never seen before.  Any work or financial opportunities that are presented to you now will need some careful thought. It doesn’t matter how excited you may be about such offers, tread with care. There could be strings attached which will not make this such an attractive offer. Someone in a high position will be asking some really tough questions. Someone you loaned some money too should have paid you back by now. You’re starting to wonder if they have been taking advantage of your kindness. Very soon, they will offer to repay the sum they owe in full. This could make you feel a little guilty about having doubted they would keep to their promise. Although it won’t be settled instantly, you will soon get to see the conclusion to what has been a difficult and complicated matter. This may have caused some friction over money but from this, you will feel you have more control over your personal finances which is no bad thing. 