Deborah James recently said goodbye to her huge online following as she explained the sad news her bowel cancer was no longer treatable. She has been supported by her husband Sebastien Bowen, and the pair actually reconciled from a near-divorce, shortly before her diagnosis. In 2015, Deborah and Sebastien made the decision to split up after walking down the aisle in 2008. They began divorce proceedings, which Deborah described as “acrimonious”. Both parties hired lawyers and even went on “hideous” Tinder dates with other people. But after embarking on some counselling sessions in a bid to make their breakup easier on their two children, Eloise and Hugo, Deborah and Sebastien realised they were still very much in love. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post They went for drinks and dinner together after their appointments, and eventually decided to make another go of things in November 2016, with Sebastien moving back into the family home. Tragically, Deborah would receive her bowel cancer diagnosis the following month. In 2018, the BBC podcast host wrote: “Two kids, three house moves, ten job promotions, one career switch, many fab trips, countless raging arguments, beautiful memories, family illness, one dog, and cancer - and we are still standing. "It's taken two years of separation, nearly divorcing, hideous Tinder experiences, lots of marriage counselling, a hell of a lot of effort on both sides, and cancer to make us both realise no marriage is perfect. "We've come to realise what we have really is worth fighting for,” she added in her column for The Sun. Deborah recently revealed she doesn’t know how long she has left, as she has moved to hospice at home care. She explained she is too weak to move her legs, and her loved ones must carry her everywhere, including to the toilet. Appearing on BBC Radio 5 Live, the star bravely spoke about the things that are "giving her peace" as she spends her last days at home. DON'T MISS...BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [UPDATE]Jane Fonda, 84, shows off drastic new look while filming in Rome [PICTURES]Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [INSIGHT] Deborah said: "I've got a big to-do list that I'm working my way through. "I'm worried when I get to the end I think that's like, 'ok, game over, I'm going to die now'. "But obviously my priority is spending time with my family," she added. The presenter went on: "We're all together, I'm at my parents, it's always where I've wanted to die, if you want to say that. "My husband, my kids are around, my parents, my brother, my sister. "We've been having sleepovers, they've been talking and I've been listening. "I've been lying on the sofa, I've been doing a lot of sleeping but we are just out in the sunshine in the moment. "What I desire is simple things which is holding my husband's hand, curling up and watching movies with my daughter, telling them both that I love them."