The Tyre Extinguishers have vowed to make owning an SUV “impossible” after a series of incidents involving deflating vehicle tyres. The protest group say they are doing this for the sake of the climate, health and public safety, specifically targeting SUVs in urban areas. They have recently targeted larger vehicles in London, Edinburgh and even internationally, as seen in Gothenburg in Sweden and Zurich in Switzerland. The climate activists have described people who own an SUV as “immoral” and say they plan to continue their actions. One person targeted recently, an NHS worker, was late for work in the morning after finding her tyres had been deflated. Another motorist in Leith asked the police to intervene "before someone is injured or killed". READ MORE:Maximum driving age plans for elderly motorists are 'unfair' Notes are often left on the vehicle after having their tyres deflated, saying: “Attention - your gas guzzler kills”. One of the notes claims that driving around an SUV has “huge consequences for others” and that “emergency action” was necessary. A member of the group who lives in Edinburgh said they would never target working-class areas. They continued, saying: “But our actions will continue, in this city and beyond. Until we see SUVs put on the scrapheap - by politicians or people learning that buying one means it will likely have its tyres deflated - we will continue our action. DON'T MISSDriver loses licence and livelihood after going 6mph over speed limit [SHOCKING]Van driver handed £275 fine after London ULEZ mistake [OUTRAGEOUS]Electric car charger downtime could cost businesses over £90k a year [INSIGHT] "We have been compelled to act because asking politely for safe streets, clean air and climate action has failed. “If governments and politicians won't protect us, we will protect ourselves by making it impossible to own a huge polluting vehicle in Edinburgh. “We are people from all walks of life. Many of us have never done anything like this. “We have been forced into this position. "Right now there is a deadly heatwave in South Asia. In this context, owning a huge unnecessary vehicle that causes much more emissions than smaller cars is immoral, and it must be stopped,” they told Edinburgh Evening News. They claim to have “disarmed” nearly 2,000 SUVs across the UK in recent months as they urge people to use their website to see how they can help with their mission. Recent research shows SUV sales increase 10 percent between 2020 and 2021, despite their emissions output. According to the International Energy Agency, SUVs were the second largest contributor to the increase in global carbon emissions from 2010 to 2018. Each year, globally, SUVs release 700 megatonnes of CO2, about the entire output of the UK and Netherlands combined, according to the Guardian. If all SUV drivers banded together to form their own country, it would rank as the seventh largest emitter in the world. A Police Scotland spokesperson said: “Police are aware that a number of vehicles in the North East of Edinburgh have had their tyres deflated and activist group leaflets placed on them. Officers are currently investigating. “If you discover your tyres have been deliberately deflated or if you have any information about this, please contact police on 101.”