Consumer expert and money saving blogger Jane Hawkes has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about how people can save summer. She has come up with 10 ways people can make big savings so they can still enjoy some of the good things in life. As Ofgem has said it expects energy bills will rise again another £800 by October, there has never been a more important time to make savings. While people will have to cut back on things to make ends meet, there are some simple things they can do to save hundreds of pounds. Experts like Jane Hawkes have been sharing their tips for years but even they are now having to think outside the box. Two ways to save money people may not have thought of are by haggling for a better price and complaining if a service or product is not up to standard. READ MORE: Virgin Money launches new prize draw where customers can go on safari  Jane has never had a problem complaining and even describes herself as “a smiling assassin” who gets the results she wants by being direct but not rude. She has saved thousands of pounds by knowing her rights, sticking up for herself and delivering constructive feedback when asked. She told Express.co.uk: “I’ve had more than £900 worth of free spa packages for complaining and a free £699 service plan for my car. “I’ve also had £59.85 back from my broadband provider and £250 back from my insurance. It pays to complain!”  DON'T MISSRishi Sunak announces pensioners to get £300 payment [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak announcement: Full list of handouts for Britons [ALERT]What are legacy benefits? Each benefit boosted by Sunak spending [INSIGHT] The consumer expert also advocates haggling and her top tip is “be prepared to walk away”. Jane said: “Just ask them, 'Is there any leverage on that price?’ “Go at the end of the day and don’t pick someone who doesn’t look like they have the authority. “Don’t choose the manager either - they’re probably too busy. "We’re not even talking just big-ticket items here."   "In order to be super savvy and ensure that you always get the best for your money, you need to scrutinise every single purchase you make. "We work harder than ever for the pennies we earn so what we spend them on should be 100 percent worth it!" The one thing Jane swears by is the 30 day rule which she says can stop impulse buying in its tracks. She added: “It’s only a saving if you were going to buy it anyway - impulse buys are never money saving." People could go one step further and have a weekly “no spend day” and a weekly “money making afternoon”. The blogger who runs ladyjaney.co.uk shared 10 great easy to save money this summer. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea 10 ways to save hundreds of pounds this summer:  