Coronation Street fans will say goodbye to Cathy Matthews (played by Melanie Hill) in the near future as the actress has announced her departure from the cobbles. The ITV soap star revealed the Covid pandemic made her think about “what the priorities are in [her] life”. Melanie hopes to take on more roles away from Coronation Street following her departure. The ITV actress explained: “It’s not been an easy thing to decide. “My family has been important but the pandemic has made a lot of people think about the future. “It has changed a lot of things in my head. You’ve just got to see what’s important to you.” “I absolutely love everybody but it’s made me think about my family a lot and what the priorities are in my life,” she told The Mirror. Read more: Coronation Street theory: Jacob arrested after Eileen mistake John Whiston, head of ITV in the north, said “Cathy has been a fantastic Corrie character, whether that’s leaving us in fits of laughter or breaking our hearts as, yet again, Brian doesn’t live up to her romantic expectations. "We’re sad Melanie is taking time away – she is such a skilled actress that she can deliver sadness and laughter, drama and comedy often in the same scene. We will all miss her hugely.” Express.co.uk have contacted a representative for Melanie for comment. The actress explained she wants to take on roles that will mean she can “work around [her] family”. Melanie has been in Sunderland for the past two weeks to look after her 88-year-old mother Sylvia. She revealed her sister usually looks after Sylvia but has been prevented from doing so due to an injury. “It’s lucky that I finished shooting just over two weeks ago so I’m here the whole time,” she continued. “If I was still working on Corrie, I would have been going out of my mind with worry. “I cannot stand letting people down – and even if I’ve been ill, I would turn up for work. Now I don’t have to worry as much. “If you get a drama series, you know your commitment has got an end to it.” DON'T MISSCoronation Street theory: Imran Habeeb kills Ben in Abi blackmail plot [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow homeless by Ken [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Peter to exit as he claims first victim [SPOILER] “I’m hoping I can do jobs now that I’ll be able to work around my family.” Fans of the actress may get to see Melanie back on the cobbles one day as she’s confirmed her character has not been killed off. The Mirror reports ITV has left the door open for Melanie to return. Melanie first joined the soap in 2015 as a new love interest for Roy Cropper (David Neilson). She did enjoy a romance with the soap stalwart but later moved on with Brian Packman (Peter Gunn). Last year, Cathy was caught up in a trolling storyline that saw her be ostracised by her neighbours for comments she made about Steve McDonald’s (Simon Gregson) charity campaign. She was also involved with Yasmeen Nazir's (Shelley King) coercive control storyline as her abusive husband Geoff Metcalfe (Ian Bartholomew) convinced Cathy into believing the Speed Daal chef was an alcoholic. Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.