In 1393 Richard II made it law for all pubs to display a sign identifying themselves as drinking establishments. From that moment on many of the symbols and names chosen would have royal connections. It's the reason some 400 are still called The White Hart, after the stag wearing a gold crown as a collar was Richard's personal heraldic badge. Today The Red Lion is the most common, with 600 pubs out of 50,000 in the country bearing the name. Many date to 1603 when the crowns of Scotland and England were unified under James I, who ordered his personal emblem - the red lion of Scotland - to be displayed on public buildings. The King And Tinker in Enfield, Essex, recalls a legendary visit of the king to the pub and a workman who had no idea he was drinking with his sovereign. The familiar White Boar derives its name from the badge of Richard III. He stayed at a Leicester inn of this very name, even bringing his own bed with him, the night before his defeat and death at the Battle of Bosworth in "5. The White Lion was the heraldic symbol of Edward IV, The Golden Lion that of Henry I, while The Rose And Crown stems from the reign of the first Tudor king, Henry VII. Pubs known as The Feathers tend to date back to the plume of three ostrich feathers used by the Prince of Wales since the Black Prince in the 14th century, while The Star And Garter, another common name, comes from the order of knights set up by his father Edward III. Nottingham can boast one of Britain's oldest pubs, Ye Olde Trip To Jerusalem, dating back to 1189.That was the year Richard I, known as Richard the Lionheart, ascended to the throne. Its name echoes the crusades which the king led.  Hundreds of pubs were called The Royal Oak to commemorate the thrilling escape of Charles II, after the Royalist defeat at the Battle of Worcester in 1651 during the Civil War. He hid in a tree at Boscobel House, Shropshire, to escape the pursuing Roundheads. The Crown, Britain's second most popular pub name, took off after the Restoration of the monarchy in 1660. Even Charles's infamous mistress, Nell Gwyn, had alehouses named after her. Pubs named the Unicorn come from the Royal coat of arms and many Swans are named after the birds historically owned by the sovereign. Those called The George mostly hark back to Hanoverian kings as do many White Horses, their symbol. But Royals haven't just lent their names to pubs, they have been frequent visitors too. For centuries monarchs would stay at inns, many of which still exist today, during their travels around the nation. The Angel And Royal in Grantham lays claim to having hosted King John in 1213 as well as Edward III, George IV, Edward VII, Richard III and Charles I. Probably Britain's most royal-visited pub, it even boasts a King's Room.  Many former hostels of monasteries became inns after Henry VIII's Reformation, while others tactfully changed their titles from The Pope's Head to The King's Head. And while he may have brought in laws to close alehouses if they interfered with archery practice, that didn't stop many drinking haunts being named The Bull And Mouth, a corruption of Boulogne Mouth, after Henry's victory over the French fleet at Boulogne Harbour in 1544. The King is said to have narrowly escaped death flee- ing in just a shirt at The Sun Hotel coaching inn in the centre of Hitchin, Herts, when it caught fire during a stay. And it's claimed he visited The King's Head in Aylesbury while wooing second wife Anne Boleyn. He stayed at The Crown Inn, Rochester, when he went to have an early peek at his future wife,Anne of Cleves, in 1540, describing her unflatteringly as a "Flander's Mare". Incidentally, some think the pub name Cat And Fiddle originates with his first wife's Catherine of Aragon's nickname, Catherine la Fidèle. Lady Jane Grey, who would rule for nine days before being executed, was proclaimed Queen from the gallery of The New Inn at Gloucester. While Mary Queen of Scots was kept for a time as a prisoner at the Bull Inn, Coventry, before her beheading at Fotheringhay Castle. Her ghost is said to haunt the nearby Talbot Hotel in Oundle, Northants.  Queen Elizabeth I gave rise to many a Queen's Head, even though she was apparently displeased by some of the likenesses used on signs. She often stayed at inns during her "progresses" around the country and is known to have stopped off at the likes of The Bear at Hungerford, Berkshire, and The Maid's Head in Norwich. When released from the Tower of London in May 1554, during Catholic Mary I's reign, Elizabeth went straight to the nearby King's Head in Fenchurch Street and ordered a dinner of boiled pork and pease pudding. Queen Victoria also realised the key role pubs played, saying: "Give my people plenty of beer, good beer and cheap beer, and you will have no revolution among them." The nation still has more than 400 hostelries named after her. In the Second World War the Queen Mother toured the East End during the Blitz. She returned in 1987 and was photographed pulling a pint at The Queen's Head in Limehouse. Known to enjoy a tipple, she declared that the beer "tasted better than champagne". Her visit was echoed with a visit by the current Queen to the bar of the iconic QueenVic, on the set of soap EastEnders in 2001. The Queen and her husband dropped into The Sheep Heid Inn, Edinburgh, with an hour's notice in 2016. The pub got its name from a ram's head snuff box donated by James I. After Princess Diana's death in 1997, several pubs were renamed the Princess of Wales including the former Prince Of Wales in Morden, south London. And in 2016 the Duchess Of Cornwall pub opened in Poundbury, Dorset, named on request of Prince Charles who owns the land where the new town is built. 