Ukraine's military spy chief Major General Kyrylo Budanov has revealed that a coup to remove Vladimir Putin is "already underway". The 36-year-old intelligence chief said that the Kremlin leader could be gone by August as Russian troops suffer setbacks in Ukraine. Russian troops were forced to retreat from Kharkiv this week and some battalions have been forced within just nine miles of the border between Russia and Ukraine. During an interview with Sky News, General Budanov said a defeat in Ukraine would lead to the removal of Russia's leader and the country's disintegration. He said: "It will eventually lead to the change of leadership of the Russian Federation. "This process has already been launched and they are moving into that way." The intel chief was pressed on whether that meant "a coup is already underway". JUST IN: Putin humiliated as Ukraine drone drops missiles on enemy site  General Budanov responded bluntly: "Yes. They are moving in this way and it is impossible to stop it." He also said the turning point in the conflict will come in "the second part of August". The Ukraine military spy chief added: "Most of the active combat will have finished by the end of this year. "As a result, we will renew Ukrainian power in all our territories." The intelligence chief also revealed that he is well-informed that Vladimir Putin is "very sick" with a number of illnesses, including blood cancer.  He described President Putin as suffering a "very bad psychological and physical condition". Prior to the invasion, General Budanov correctly predicted Russia would invade earlier this year. Later in the interview, he said that the poorly-executed Russian invasion showed that Moscow's army was just "a horde of people with weapons" and not a high-tech machine. He said: "We have been fighting Russia for eight years and we can say that this highly publicised Russian power is a myth. "It is not as powerful as this. It is a horde of people with weapons." DON'T MISS: BBC's Sophie Raworth feisty slap down of 'rude' Ed Miliband [VIDEO]Boris accused of blowing up Ukraine unity with Brexit row [INTERVIEW]Rishi must save lives and Britain's finances - [EXPRESS COMMENT]  On Sunday, Ukraine’s foreign minister, Dmytro Kuleba, met with US secretary of state, Antony Blinken. Afterwards, he tweeted that “more weapons and other aid are on the way to Ukraine". The latest British military intelligence issued a damning assessment of Russia’s Donbas campaign. It revealed that Russia had lost about a third of the ground combat forces deployed in February, had fallen “significantly behind schedule” and was unlikely to make rapid advances during the next 30 days. 