Thousands of Britons fall into the inheritance tax trap each year due to a failure to plan which leaves their families forced to pay huge bills. As a way to limit the amount given to HMRC and help older generation reduce or avoid any IHT liability, Express.co.uk has spoken exclusively with Julian Robson, personal finance expert and co-founder of Beanstalk App, about how grandparents can prepare their estates for their loved ones and use their living inheritance. He said: “A recurring preoccupation for many grandparents is inheritance tax and getting their affairs in order. “Giving little and often can not only help you reduce or avoid any IHT liability, but it can make a substantial difference to the next generation and the start they have in life. “Each grandparent can gift up to £3,000 in any one tax year, exempt from IHT. “This balance can be carried forward to the following tax year, so if you don’t give away the full allowance of cash gifts in one year, you can make it up in the next (although it cannot be carried forward into a third tax year).” READ MORE: 'No-brainer!' Britons can 'boost' their state pension with their National Insurance record Mr Robson continued: “You can also to make an unlimited number of small £250 gifts in each tax year so long as the recipient is a different person each time – so those great nieces and nephews don’t have to be left out. “There are some great apps out there that allow you to save together as family, helping invest in your child/grandchild’s nest-egg with a stocks and shares Junior ISA.” New data from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) has revealed that inheritance tax receipts soared to £5.5billion from April 2021 to February 2022. This was yet another increase in the number of IHT receipts reported in the UK, up from £0.7billion year-on-year. Some 33,000 estates paid IHT, with the average bill coming to around £160,000, according to the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR). Under current forecasts, if the inheritance tax nil rate threshold remains at £325,000 until 2026 as planned, the Government will reportedly get an extra £1billion with house prices set to rise even further. Making gifts is an option that may not only help reduce an IHT bill, but if people are giving to a charity, they would also be supporting a cause that they really care about. Gifting to charities can provide relief which can reduce an individual’s income tax liability. Gifts to qualifying charities are also exempt from inheritance tax and if an individual leaves broadly 10 percent of their estate to charity in their Will, their estate would only suffer a 36 percent inheritance tax rate, rather than the usual 40 percent. IHT is levied only where estates valued over certain amounts are handed down to recipients. IHT is only paid where a person dies and has an estate valued above £325,000. Where IHT is due, it will be levied at 40 percent on the parts of the estate valued over the £325,000 threshold. So, for instance, if an estate is valued at £400,000, 40 percent would typically be charged on £75,000 worth of the assets.