The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge sought to address what had “gone wrong” on their recent Caribbean tour and want to modernise the monarchy and axe bows, curtsies and other “stuffy” royal protocols, reports claim. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge want to scrap formality – including curtsies and bows – when on duty, states an exclusive report by The Mirror.  A royal source told the publication that they were motivated by the fallout following their Caribbean tour. The source told The Mirror: “They want to be more approachable, less formal, less stuffy and break away with a lot of the tradition.” The Sunday Mirror has learned the Prince plans to tear up the rulebook to “move with the times”. After the couple’s Caribbean tour, William is said to be focused on a streamlined, modern monarchy to ensure its survival.  A source revealed the publication: “When the team arrived back in London the couple had a debrief with aides. “They went over everything and pinpointed specific things that went wrong and how to improve moving forward. “The general consensus was that the tour seemed out of date, out of touch, too formal and stuffy. “So now it’s more ‘Wills and Kate’ instead of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge... ‘Just call me Wills’ type of thing.  READ MORE: Meghan has 'nothing to show' as Queen withdraws “They want to try to avoid the bows and curtsies in public, be more approachable, less formal, less stuffy, and break away with a lot of the tradition and focus on a modern monarchy.” The couple’s reputation had been left “severely wounded” after their tour to the Caribbean was scattered with “a series of PR disasters”, a royal commentator had said. While the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were welcomed by hundreds of cheering well-wishers in Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas, some of their visits also featured “pitfalls” in which the pair fell at times, royal expert Russell Myers had claimed. It was the week-long tour of former British colonies that left William and Kate acutely aware of a need for modernisation.  DON'T MISS:Queen’s rare moments to be displayed in new documentary Forecasters warn 40% chance Britain to be battered by storm Charlene warms hearts as Princess spotted with children at sport event