Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta insists William Saliba will be at the club next season despite rumours suggesting his permanent exit from the Emirates. Saliba's long-term future has been in doubt following his loan spell at Marseille. The Frenchman has often hinted he would like to return to Marseille next season. French outlet RMC Sport claimed last week that Saliba had told the Ligue 1 club he wants to return. However, speaking to the same outlet, Arteta says that is not the case. Arteta says the plan has always been for the 21-year-old to return this summer and be a part of his squad moving forward. The Gunners boss said: "He has to come back. He has the experience and the environment necessary to be competitive with us." READ MORE: Arsenal 'sound out Richarlison' for summer transfer despite Gabriel Jesus belief  Arteta is adamant it was the right decision to loan Saliba out for a third time. He reckons the centre-back will be in a much better place than if he stayed at the Emirates this season. Arteta added: "If he had stayed with us this year, with a match of Premier League a week, with Ben White and Gabriel, he wouldn't have had half the playing time he had with Marseille, that's for sure. For his growth and what he can do next season that wouldn't have been good. "William wasn't with us because he wouldn't have had the playing time to gain experience. That's it, there's nothing else." DON'T MISSLiverpool have Thiago injury 'belief' but one player already confirmed to miss Real Madrid [REPORT]Pau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transfer [GOSSIP]Liverpool have four alternatives if Aurelien Tchouameni snubs Reds to join Real Madrid [TRANSFERS]  Saliba is still yet to make a single first-team appearance for Arsenal. He joined the club from Saint-Etienne in 2019 for a fee of £27million. He was immediately loaned back to the French club for the following campaign. Saliba stayed with the Gunners for the first half of the following season but failed to make a match-day squad under new boss Arteta. A loan at Nice followed before his hugely successful spell at Marseille. Saliba earned his first two caps for the senior France squad earlier this year and has again been picked by Didier Deschamps for the upcoming Nations League matches.  Saliba has helped Marseille finish second in the French top flight and qualify for the group stage of the Champions League next season. He was quoted telling the media at the weekend that he would want to play in the competition with Marseille. Saliba said: "I want to come back and play the Champions League. I have never played in it and I want to discover it here." He will have to settle for Europa League football at Arsenal after Arteta's side missed out on the Premier League top four. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 