The Duke of Cambridge headed to Horse Guards Parade to carry out the Colonel's Review. Prince William donned the full Irish Guard uniform as he attended the event as the regiment's colonel. The dapper prince inspected the troops while riding George, a Household division horse charger. The irony of the Duke's horse being named like his firstborn was not lost on royal watchers, with a few pointing that out on Twitter. One, named Holly J, wrote: "Wonderful! George, how apt!" Another, Toria, simply said: "Haha George!"  The Colonel's Review is the final evaluation of the parade before it is carried out in front of the Queen on Trooping the Colour, this year taking place on June 2. The first review of the parade took place on May 21 and was carried out by Major General Chris Ghika. The parade, the event kicking off the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, will see more than 1,500 soldiers and 350 horses completing difficult battlefield drill manoeuvres to a programme of music. As the parade takes place on a historic year, various elements of the music will nod to the Queen, with songs including "Long Live Elizabeth". READ MORE: Kate Middleton pays tribute to Sussex wedding on eve of their return William last carried out the Colonel's Review inspection in 2017. Earlier this month, the second-in-line to the throne presented the 1st Battalion Irish Guards with their New Colours during a poignant ceremony at Windsor Castle. Much like today, Prince William is expected to play an active role during the parade next Thursday. In the run-up to the Jubilee celebrations, it was reported the Duke of Cambridge, his father Prince Charles and aunt Princess Anne will step in for the Queen and take the salute instead of her. They are also to ride on the parade as Colonels of the Irish Guards, Welsh Guards and Blues and Royals respectively. Moreover, these three royals will be among those to stand on the Buckingham Palace balcony after the parade to watch the RAF flypast. Normally, this event is open to the whole Royal Family, including minor and less-known royals. However, the Queen decided earlier this month only full-time working royals would join her for this appearance. The statement shared by the Palace on May 6 read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." This means non-working Firm members such as Meghan Markle, Prince Harry and Prince Andrew won't step onto the balcony next week. Prince William has been tipped to take part in a second balcony appearance, set to showcase the future of the monarchy. The Mirror reported the monarch desires to step out again on her London residence's balcony on June 5, as Jubilee events come to an end, alongside the Duke of Cambridge, Prince Charles and Prince George, her direct heirs. Royal sources said the Queen "wants the world to see the heartbeat of her family and the future of the monarchy". The Duchesses of Cornwall and Cambridge are also set to join their husbands on the balcony. Prince Louis and Princess Charlotte, expected to become working royals in the future, may also join their parents and brother on this occasion, but their attendance will be confirmed only on the day itself.