Quordle is basically Wordle on steroids, tasking players with figuring out four words instead of just one. It's an extremely difficult game to master, let alone build up any kind of winning streak. Fortunately, Express Online is here to help, courtesy of some spoiler-free hints for Quordle 119 on May 23. Good luck, because you're definitely going to need it. Quordle challenges players to figure out four different words in just nine attempts. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles if you're to succeed. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter N. 2. The first word contains two vowels. 3. Give these people a round of applause. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter G. 2. The second word contains just one vowel, but it appears twice. 3. Comedy, drama, thriller and horror are examples of different types of this word. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter E. 2. The third word contains two vowels, and one of them appears twice. 3. Ooh, you're keen. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter N. 2. The fourth word contains one vowel, although it appears twice. 3. I've got the 2021 model, but my neighbour has the 2022 model.