As announced last summer, the Duke of Sussex is authoring a memoir described in a statement issued by Archewell as "intimate and heartfelt". While little information has been given about the content of the book, a few sources and royal experts have claimed Prince Harry may share blistering views about his stepmother. However, journalist and commentator Celia Walden advised the Duke against making his "biggest mistake yet", as Britons have grown fond of Camilla and she is "the future" of the Royal Family in the wake of the Queen's groundbreaking statement regarding the Duchess' future title. Ms Walden said: "When, back in February, the Queen declared it her 'sincerest wish' that the Duchess of Cornwall become Queen Consort when Charles becomes king, that wasn’t just Her Majesty saying 'give my daughter-in-law the respect she’s owed and earned' but a reminder that Camilla is the future. "That as a country, and as individuals, we all need to adapt and move on. "So, as the Duchess of Cornwall celebrates her 75th birthday in July amid what is sure to be an outpouring of admiration and affection; as she is anointed by Vogue, gracing the cover of a special edition that same month; as the Queen continues to scale back her public engagements, handing over an increasing number of duties to Charles and Camilla, will Harry toe the line?" The commentator also recalled reports claiming Camilla was the first royal to invite Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, for lunch in the run-up to her wedding in 2018. During their meeting, the Duchess of Cornwall reportedly advised the future royal wife to ride out the storm of negative stories she would inevitably face while being in the public sphere while focusing on the positive sides of being a member of the Firm. If Harry has indeed, as rumoured, included in his memoir criticism or attacks against Camilla, Ms Walden said he should make a few "crucial cuts". This, she wrote in the Telegraph, would help him avoid a "misstep" the Sussexes "can't afford" in light of the cancellation by Netflix - as part of the platform's wider cost-cutting move - of the animated series Archewell Productions had announced last summer, Pearl. Camilla officially joined the Royal Family in April 2005, when she and the Prince of Wales tied the knot during a ceremony at Windsor Guildhall. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry savaged as Netflix's 'biggest mistake' Over the years, by showing her readiness to fully dedicate herself to serving the Crown and the Queen and by embracing causes with a great impact on society such as ending domestic violence, Camilla has won over shares of the public. In recent months, Her Majesty clearly showed to be pleased by Camilla through two gestures. At the end of last year, she appointed the Duchess as a member of the Order of the Garter - Britain's highest honour. And, as recalled by Ms Walden, in a statement shared on the eve of the beginning of the Platinum Jubilee year, the monarch sanctioned Camilla's use of the title Queen Consort following the accession to the throne of Prince Charles. Despite claims of a difficult relationship between the royal pair, in the 2018 book Harry: Conversation with the Prince, the Duke spoke sympathetically about Prince Charles's wife with royal author Angela Levin, telling her Camilla is not "a wicked stepmother". He added: "Look at the position she’s coming into. Don’t feel sorry for me and William, feel sorry for her. "She’s a wonderful woman and she’s made our father very, very happy which is the most important thing. "William and I love her to bits." Meghan and Harry's organisation Archewell announced last July the Duke was penning a memoir, likely to be published at the end of this year. Briefly describing the work-in-progress, the statement said the book would represent the "definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him". The Duke is likely to recall memories of his beloved late mother Princess Diana, as the memoir will cover his "lifetime in the public eye", from childhood to fatherhood. It will also touch on his years in the Army and his life with Meghan. Speaking about the memoir, the Duke said: "I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful." Both the publisher, Penguin Random House, and the Sussexes have remained tight-lipped on the size of this deal, but Archewell has already announced the proceeds will be donated to charity. prince harry news duke sussex memoir camilla duchess cornwall latest