The Great House Giveaway is an afternoon staple on Channel 4 and the factual series sees thousands of people across the country search for a new home. Mortgage advisor and TV presenter Tayo Oguntonade has been breaking down complex topics surrounding property. He is dedicated to helping others but told Express.co.uk he had a huge responsibility. The Great House Giveaway is now in its third season and the award-winning show offers strangers the chance to get on the property ladder. They are given cash to buy, renovate and sell a house, keeping any profit they make. The latest episode saw Gethin and Jacob tackle a neglected house, but they had bitten off more than they could chew. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Tayo said he has the responsibility of helping others to make such pivotal and life-changing decisions. The star has a huge online community as the founder of BrickzWithTipz, a platform dedicated to educating people about the real estate industry. READ MORE: Great House Giveaway presenter staggered by 'un-mortgageable' home He said: "There is a huge knowledge gap when it comes to buying property in the UK and there is not enough help out there, which is why we started BrickzWithTipz as a platform. "Based on this, I would say I don't feel the pressure of having the responsibility, but I do feel the pressure to do more than I already am. "I feel a lot of the help I offer should be implemented into schools, colleges and universities. "My story began because it was something I looked into when I left university and naturally, you always want the next generation to do better so picking up this information at a younger age can make all the difference." Once he graduated from university, Tayo discovered his savings would be better utilised in property. He said: "After getting a full-time job, I immediately investigated where my savings and my salary would take me - which ended up being 40 miles away from home. "I bought a three-bedroom mid terraced property and rented out the two other rooms which helped cover my mortgage. "Further to this, I got a job as a mortgage broker which really sparked my passion for helping people achieve their property goals." The star has witnessed some heartwarming and equally heartbreaking situations throughout his property career. He said: "I'd have to say one of the most heart-warming situations is one where I was out shopping with my wife and my daughter. DON'T MISS...Homes Under the Hammer buyer transforms listed building for £14k [INSIGHT]Scarlette Douglas pays tribute to George Clarke ahead of new show [INTERVIEW] Lucy Alexander 'sabotages' A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman [INSIGHT]  "We were approached by a young lady who shouted 'BrickzWithTipz!' across the shopping centre and came up to us. "She was actually someone who religiously followed our social media content but was particularly motivated by one of our videos advising first-time buyers to go on as many viewings as possible. "She had struggled prior to this as she felt intimidated by the buying process as she was a single mother, but the video gave her confidence and she now has an offer accepted on a property. "This was particularly heartwarming as when we make content, we put it out there and really do hope that it benefits as many people as possible and to hear it changed someone's life so much was a feeling that can't be replaced." There have been some difficult times but Tayo said he was always looking for a light at the end of the tunnel. He added: "My wife and I were helping a friend to get onto the property ladder and helping them consider all of their options. "They were living in social housing so we advised them to look into Right to Buy where the government could potentially give her up to £116,200 as a discount when buying her property. "She was gobsmacked by the potential discount as she didn't even know about the Right to Buy scheme and was thrilled to have this option. "It was also her family home and whilst she was the last one left in the home it had so much sentimental value. "Unfortunately, the right to buy application was denied and she wasn't able to buy the property in the end which was hard, as we had to see a friend walk away from a home that she had so many memories in. "The silver lining was that she learnt so much about the buying process during that period it gave her the knowledge to go ahead and buy privately and she now has her own flat."  The Great House Giveaway is available to watch on All4.