Executive producer and animation showrunner Amanda Rynda took to Twitter yesterday after the news emerged that Pearl would be among a slew of programmes to be cut amid a difficult time for Netflix. The streaming giant saw a sharp fall in subscribers last month, with its total number dropping by 200,000. This saw the company’s market value plummet by $50billion (£39.8billion), as the possibility of millions following suit hangs over it. Ms Rynda wrote on Twitter: “It’s so sad when companies face hard times, it’s these types of projects that get cut. “This series was heartwarming and funny. It would have inspired young girls and spoke to the underrepresented. “It would have been so meaningful to our audience. “I’m feeling for our team and everyone who helped along the way. READ MORE: Meghan Markle blow as Netflix 'drops new animated series' “It was an honour to lead such a talented team from around the world. “You brought an abundance of passion to Pearl and I’m SO proud of what we were able to accomplish and very grateful to have worked with each of you.” Archewell Productions, the company formed by Meghan Markle and Prince Harry when they stepped down as senior royals and moved to the US, announced last year that the Duchess of Sussex would be an executive producer of Pearl. The series was set to show the adventures of a 12-year–old girl, who is inspired by influential women from history, loosely based on Meghan’s life. Ms Rynda received some support in the comments, with the Factsand2cents Podcast replying: “So sorry to hear this @amandarynda I cannot imagine how disappointing this is for your whole team. “I have total faith that you will be able to get this on another platform. “Please don’t give up. You have a large audience who is excited about this series and will support it.” Twitter user Ruth Ireland asked: “Is there any way it can be sold to another company? So sorry it has been knocked back.” DON'T MISSPrincess Charlotte: How Kate rescued daughter in balcony tumble [ARCHIVE]Prince Andrew was 'always forgiven' by Queen and Philip [EXPERT]Henry VIII's lost palace was once one of Europe's finest retreats [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, Twitter user Barbara, username @goldenroole, suggested it could be a good show for Disney+. However, not everyone has been as supportive on social media. GB News’ Dan Wootton suggested that Netflix may have put Pearl on the cutting block because it was “going to be worthy tosh”. He wrote: “Netlflix has axed [Meghan’s] first series Peal - based on her own life - before it ever aired. “Most likely because it was going to be worthy tosh. “Back to the drawing board.” Netflix will continue to work with Prince Harry on his documentary series called Heart of Invictus, set to come out later this year or early next year. It focuses on athletes competing in the Invictus Games, a sporting event founded by the Duke for sick and injured veterans. Last month, the Duke and Duchess travelled to The Hague in the Netherlands for the event, managing to sneak in a quick visit to the Queen while they were in Europe. The loss of Pearl will undoubtedly be a huge blow to the Sussexes and their Archewell endeavours, but Meghan will likely now be focusing even more on her Spotify podcast coming out later this year.