Manchester United's new boss Erik ten Hag is expected to be in the stands at Selhurst Park on Sunday to watch his new side in action and the Dutchman will be taking the opportunity to run the rule over a number of stars. The Dutchman has been in the UK this week to begin planning for the 2022/23 campaign and as he said himself, there is lots of work that needs to be done - hence his decision to part company with Ajax slightly prematurely. With that in mind, Express Sport analyses four players whose performances will be of significant interest to Ten Hag. Marcus Rashford The forward has had a season to forget but it's never too late to turn things around. Making a statement against Palace and finally showcasing his ability would be the perfect way to sign off for the summer - although that's obviously not straightforward. Everyone has been quick to criticise Rashford but there is still a special player in there, that just needs to be unlocked again. Ten Hag is arguably the perfect coach for him because he has a proven track record of helping players elevate their game to the next level. But now Rashford needs to stand up and be counted after returning to training in midweek as he battles for his United future. READ MORE: Manchester United can kickstart Ten Hag era with sexiest of signings that ticks all boxes Harry Maguire It's also been a torrid campaign for captain Maguire, who has had to deal with bundles of scrutiny. His performances have hardly helped his cause but with links to Jurrien Timber intensifying, Maguire needs to show he's ready to keep his place in the side beyond the summer. Both him and Raphael Varane won't necessarily play if another centre-back comes through the door this summer. Maguire is a solid defender, no doubt, but his reputation has taken some considerable damage this term and Ten Hag will be cautious of that. He will need to show his leadership qualities in front of the watchful eye of his new manager to strengthen his chances of maintaining the captain's armband. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football Scott McTominay McTominay has flattered to deceive this term and it's clear United are in need of an upgrade in central midfield. His commitment can never be faulted but his general ability is slightly limited, particularly for a team with big aspirations. United will be signing at least one new central midfielder, if not two so the Scotsman needs to have a blinder to cement his place in Ten Hag's plans. He is unlikely to leave the club this summer but his chances of game time are likely to be hampered in the off-season, when new recruits will arrive. Alvaro Fernandez There is a chance Fernandez could be handed his United debut this weekend as Ralf Rangnick prepares to field some of the club's talented youngsters. Competition is fierce at left-back but the teenager has been making waves at Carrington after picking up the Under-23 Player of the Season award. Alex Telles could yet depart if United receive a respectable offer and Fernandez will be looking to stake his claim ahead of the new season if he gets the nod. Luke Shaw is a doubt for the match following the birth of his second child, which bolsters Fernandez's chances of making his debut. It would be a golden opportunity for the 19-year-old.