Taxi driver Tim Metcalfe (played by Joe Duttine) had a health scare earlier this year and had to undergo an operation to address his heart problem. More recently, the Coronation Street favourite has been experiencing some trouble in the bedroom and has been failing to live up to Sally’s (Sally Dynevor) sexual expectations. In upcoming episodes, Sally will offer to accompany her husband to the doctors to ensure he gets checked out. But embarrassed about his trouble in bed, Tim insists it would be better if he go alone. However, Tim is hesitant to have a check up and when he loiters around outside the surgery Kirk Sutherland (Andy Whyment) questions what he is doing. The taxi driver quickly makes his excuses and runs off avoiding his problems. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money He later tells Sally everything went okay with the doctors and his condition is nothing to worry about. Tim explains it is perfectly normal to have some trouble in the bedroom after a major operation. It’s likely Sally will give her husband the benefit of the doubt and accept his answer. However, by avoiding the doctors, Tim may have missed out on something serious being picked up. His embarrassment to face the doctor could mean Tim is at high risk of failing fatally ill. Could Sally be left a widow as Tim’s mistake leads to a tragic death which could have been avoided? Sally has been trying hard to ensure Tim feels comfortable after their disasters in the bedroom in recent weeks. Tim’s impotence has been getting in the way of their sex life and Sally is keen for them to get back to it. DON'T MISS...Corrie's Suranne Jones stopped driving due to panic attacks [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Imran Habeeb betrayed in custody battle [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Curly Watts returns to ignite feud with Dev [SPOILER] Trying to ensure Tim it’s not all she cares about she recently bought him flowers and shared a meal together. Tim was instantly anxious when Sally suggested moving things to the bedroom. Sally insists she will settle for a hug on the sofa but wants Tim to speak to the doctor. Will Tim come to regret ignoring his wife’s advice? Elsewhere in Weatherfield, it looks as though Sean Tully (Antony Cotton) could be getting a new love interest. Former Brookside star Simon O'Brien is joining the cast as Frank Bardsley and will flirt with Sean in the Rovers. However, George Shuttleworth (Tony Maudsley) knows Frank from school and isn’t happy to see him. Could Sean be about to have his heartbroken and what does George known about Frank? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV at 8pm.