Gardening expert Suzanne Hall from LoveTheGarden has shared how to control weeds on garden lawns. LoveTheGarden offers gardening advice and products and is the home of Miracle-Gro, Levington, Tomorite, and many other brands. The gardening expert said if a lawn has moss or weeds, then gardeners can use a “combination product of fertiliser and the appropriate herbicide”. Suzanne continued: “For weed control, it's important to recognise that it takes time to work often at least a month. “So once the plant is dead it can be safely removed and any patches can then be over-sown. “Most selective weed killers for lawns contain hormones that are designed to kill the weed by disrupting its metabolism. “In the process the weed killer is broken down and any landing on the soil is also destroyed. READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home “It's always useful to have a supply of weed killer and to think of it as a tool in the gardener's armoury. “Once you have your problem under control, good lawn maintenance, annual feeding, aeration and thatch removal along with over-sowing where necessary will keep most weeds at bay.” Weeds are often disliked by gardeners as they can make gardens, especially lawns, look untidy and unkept. But what is a weed and how do they grow on lawns?  DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]‘Highly effective’ 27p method to kill patio weeds - ‘works quickly’ [UPDATE]House prices: UK city seeing the biggest rise in asking prices [ANALYSIS] Annual weeds grow quickly, flower and spread a huge amount of seeds as quickly as possible. They then die off leaving the new seedlings to replace them. Perennial weeds grow very deep roots and are often much more difficult to remove. They may need more than one application of weed killer. Often, people will ignore weeds on lawns, mow over them and carry on as normal. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea However, Suzanne said it’s “important” to keep weeds “at bay” to maintain a good quality lawn. While lawn moss may not seem like much of a problem, a mossy lawn can actually welcome weeds. The gardening pro explained: “Weeds can't compete with the healthy growing grass but if the grass becomes mossy, weed seeds are especially adapted to get deep into the moss and will germinate in the water that they contain. “Once the weed gets a foothold it has a problem in growing because the grass out-drinks the weed. “So most weeds have a tap root to get deeper water which if you try to pull out will leave a little behind in the soil and will grow again into a new weed. “Once the weed is established it will shade the grass and starve it of light.  “Without our help, weeds always win.” Another way to keep weeds at bay is by fertilising lawns regularly. Fertilisers should be applied in the spring, summer and autumn and when the lawn has been under stress, for example, after a drought. Gardeners must remember to follow the exact application rate when applying fertiliser. “Too little and you'll get shallow growth, too much will scorch your grass,” she added. Fertiliser allows grass to grow strong and maintain a good impact resistance. Fertiliser can also help to keep a lawn’s colour looking consistently bold and even.