You may already have a mattress in good condition, but every so often, it’s beneficial to give it a deep clean. Since humans spend around a third of their lives sleeping, giving a mattress a thorough clean will help keep the sleeping environment fresh and hygenic. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Alison Jones, Sleep Expert at leading mattress brand, Sealy UK, about how to clean a mattress, how often and what products to use. Alison said: “You should give your mattress a deep clean every six months or so to remove any dirt and dead skin that accumulates, even underneath bed sheets. “However, performing regular spot checks when changing your sheets, or spilling something on your mattress, calls for gently spot cleaning the area immediately to avoid stains and odours. “By making your bed each morning, it means bedding is stretched out and dust mites are exposed to daylight and clean air, allowing them to dry out and die. “When bedding is left in a ball, it traps the warmth and moisture, providing an environment in which dust mites will thrive. “Not only this, but it can also eventually leave a stale smell on your bed,” she added. READ MORE: How to clean inside of your kettle using baking soda “Techniques such as coating your mattress in bicarbonate of soda and leaving it to sit for up to eight hours, before thoroughly vacuuming away the grains can help to get rid of any bacteria and damp and make your mattress feel fresh again. “However not all mattresses are suitable for this type of treatment, so make sure to research beforehand.” As for what products to use to clean a mattress, Alison recommended a homemade natural solution. She said: “To best protect the fibres and materials used throughout most mattresses, you should opt for natural cleaning products and solutions – most of which you can find in your kitchen cupboards already. “As we sleep on our mattresses, exposing ourselves to harsh chemicals if not correctly used or removed after cleaning can lead serious impacts on our health, causing skin irritation, headaches, asthma, headaches and even difficulty breathing. DON'T MISS...Do you clean your washing machine enough? 'Basic' cleaning methods [GUIDE]'Will help prevent colour fading': 27p method for your laundry [HACK]'Enormously satisfying' bed sheet folding trick to save time and space [VIDEO] “Instead, if your mattress allows it, treat stains with a combination of baking soda, salt, lemon juice, and water which when mixed together will form a paste. “Let it sit for roughly 30 minutes before wiping away with a damp cloth. “Using equal parts of water and white vinegar solution in a spray bottle, is the key to spot treating odours. “You should use this to blot the area with a clean towel until the area smells fresh. “Instead of using high chemical solutions and sprays to add a floral scent, use natural oils such as rosemary and lavender to add delicate floral notes to your bed that will encourage sleep and not cause any irritation to the skin.” While the average household should clean their mattress bi-annually, those with allergies should consider more frequent cleaning. “If you suffer from allergies, however, it might be worth cleaning your mattress more frequently to get rid of any triggers,” the sleep expert suggested. “Research indicates that 24 percent of the population has a dust allergy so it’s important to keep yourself healthy by choosing a hypoallergenic mattress to reduce your sneezing time and increase your snoozing time. “Look for mattresses which contains ProShield technology, such as Sealy's Posturepedic range, which is endorsed by the Allergy Foundation, to not only alleviate those allergy symptoms but also significantly extend the lifespan of the mattress. “If you are struggling to clean your mattress yourself, it could be time to call in help from professional cleaning services who are equipped with high power cleaning products and can provide a deeper clean,” Alison added.  After cleaning the mattress, to “keep it in good condition” Alison suggests “rotating it around once every three to six months”. She explained: “The movement avoids germs and dust mites settling in the base of your mattress and building up over time. “Rotating and flipping your mattress can also significantly increase its lifespan – however make sure to check your mattress manufacturer’s instructions as some mattresses are designed not to be flipped, such as those with pillow-tops.” A mattress is a big investment so it’s important to choose the right one. For more tips on how to find your perfect mattress and get a deeper sleep check out the Sealy UK website: www.sealy.co.uk Sealy - it’s where sleep matters. Where sleep is not just something “we all do” but a question of when, where, why and how we can sleep better. That’s why, with over 100 years’ experience, Sealy is the world’s leading sleep brand. Its cutting-edge products are cleverly designed and carefully developed through decades of knowhow and informed by ongoing scientific research and testing. Sealy Posturepedic mattresses embody the unique and patented technologies that set us apart. And it’s their whole hearted commitment that ensures each and every one is handmade with love, care and passion right here in the UK. Visit www.sealy.co.uk to see all the latest innovations and technology available in Sealy’s beds and mattresses, or follow Sealy UK on Facebook and Instagram.