Red Bull have responded to an FIA ruling that deemed Aston Martin’s car legal despite appearing very similar to the RB18 vehicle. A fresh statement by Red Bull has expressed concern about a potential ‘transfer of IP’, especially after several members of staff left for Aston Martin during the winter. Aston Martin have produced vast upgrades to their car ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix. However, there are striking resemblances with the car Red Bull aces Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez drive. The FIA have confirmed that Aston Martin’s upgrades were “legitimate independent work”, but Red Bull are concerned about a potential data leak. Several members of staff moved from Red Bull to Aston Martin before the start of the 2022 season. A Red Bull statement after the FIA’s ruling said: “Oracle Red Bull Racing have noted the FIA’s statement with interest. While imitation is the greatest form of flattery, any replication of design would obviously need to comply with the FIA’s rules around Reverse Engineering. However, should any transfer of IP have taken place that would clearly be a breach of regulations and would be a serious concern." JUST IN: Charles Leclerc vows to make change after crashing historic Ferrari Red Bull team principal Christian Horner said the potential that their intellectual property had been used was of "grave concern". The upgraded Aston Martin features similar bodywork design to Red Bull's, with heavily undercut sidepods and a stepped, ramp design on the top bodywork. Helmut Marko has urged the FIA to look into how Aston Martin’s car looks so similar to Red Bull’s. "It must now be clarified how this unbelievable copy came about," he told Sky Sport Germany. "Copying is not forbidden. But you also have to take into account that seven people were poached from us and that our chief aerodynamicist [Dan Fallows] was drawn to Aston Martin with a disproportionately high fee." DON'T MISS...Charles Leclerc set for major Ferrari boost at Spanish Grand PrixMercedes, Red Bull, Ferrari 'to stop car development early' amid warMercedes copy Red Bull and Ferrari ahead of 'last chance' in Spain He added: "There are still some facts that we are looking into. We will look into it in detail. It's not just Dan Fallows. There is evidence that data was downloaded. Is it possible to copy without documentation and then manage such a detailed copy of our car?" An Aston Martin spokesperson said: "We have shared details of our update with the FIA technical people. "Having analysed the data and the processes used to create the update, the FIA has now confirmed in writing that our update was generated as a result of legitimate independent work in accordance with the technical regulations."