New research from holiday rental search engine Holidu has named the best beaches in Scotland using review data. Scotland’s best beach is in the Shetland Islands. READ MORE: Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag A Holidu spokesperson said: “Scotland’s best-rated beach this year is actually located north of the mainland in the Shetland islands! “St Ninians Beach is located on the west coast of the island and links the south mainland with the Isle of St Ninians. “Visitors to this picturesque beach can enjoy an array of watersports, including kayaking, canoeing, snorkelling, sailing and windsurfing. “The beach is also dog-friendly, so feel free to bring your furry friends along too!” A review on Tripadvisor said: “What a simply stunning vista, we were really lucky to visit on a beautifully clear sunny day and the colours were just amazing! A beautiful place, easy to visit.” Another visitor wrote: “Really a beautiful place! We were taken with the beauty of the beach here and enjoyed the walk on the isle as well. “If this was in the Caribbean, it would be the best beach there! Worth going to be sure.” One visitor said they’d seen seals on the remote island and said it was “fantastic” with a bit of sun. Scotland’s second best-rated beach was the gorgeous Mellon Udrigle in the Highlands. One visitor said: “Breathtaking in its beauty, the beach could have been lifted straight from the brochure of a Caribbean vacation. “I’m pretty sure the water was a couple of degrees colder here though. Do not miss it!” Another said: “Gorgeous beach, largely deserted. Walks up to headland too past two small lochs.” The beautiful sandy beach is backed by grassy dunes and offers incredible views of the coastline. Cove Bay in Moray also made the top three of Scotland’s best beaches. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “The cave and cove is a great little hidden gem.” Another said: “We adore this beach. Although it’s a steep walk down, it’s so worth it. The sand is clean, soft and lovely. “The water is crystal clear. We love having a look in the caves. Great to take a backpack with a picnic and enjoy the views.” Scotland might have chilly water but the beaches are definitely worth a trip this summer.