Richard will be speaking live from the Daily Express Facebook page tomorrow today at 2pm alongside our host, assistant head of social Pandora Forsyth. They will be discussing the latest updates after a spokesperson revealed Meghan and Harry will travel across the pond to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. And they will be in the company with their children - three-year-old Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana. Their role throughout the Platinum Jubilee weekend has yet to be confirmed, but it is likely they will be able to attend events open to wider members of the Firm such as the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. However, they won't join the Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony on June 2. Buckingham Palace announced that next month the Queen will be joined on the balcony of her residence in London for the Trooping the Colour parade only by working royals. The decision has been taken by Her Majesty herself after "careful consideration", it was stated. Richard and Pandora will also be discussing the sad news that the Queen will not make it to any of the Jubilee garden parties this year as her health continues to be a matter of concern. In her Platinum Jubilee year, the two-hour events which involve a lot of standing are considered to be too onerous for the 96-year-old monarch, who is becoming increasingly frail. Another hot topic in the Royal Round-Up will be the Queen sending the ‘Fantastic Five’ on a UK tour to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland will get their own royal visits to ensure that the Windsors spread the love across the nation over the central weekend when many of the main events are taking place in London. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will visit Wales, while the Earl and Countess of Wessex go to Northern Ireland, and Princess Anne heads for Scotland. Richard and Pandora will be discussing all this and more - so don’t forget to tune in tomorrow (Wednesday May 11) for the next episode of the Royal Round-Up. Keep an eye on our Instagram and social stories for more updates, information and what to expect from these weekly royal specials in which Richard and Pandora will be discussing everything on the Royal beat.