Kylian Mbappe’s Real Madrid snub has provoked a furious speech from notorious television presenter Josep Pedrerol. Mbappe had been widely tipped to move to the Bernabeu Stadium this summer but has now reportedly agreed to sign a new deal with Paris Saint-Germain instead. Pedrerol, who is said to be close to Real president Florentino Perez, promised viewers in January that Mbappe would sign for the Spanish giants this year. And he reaffirmed those claims last month as he hinted Real had told him Mbappe had agreed a deal but had asked him to stay quiet. The 56-year-old has been left with egg on his face after the blockbuster striker turned down the chance to move to Madrid. And he wasn’t a happy man as he addressed the camera. “When Mbappe made that commitment, I informed you of it,” Pedrerol said on El Chiringuito. “I assured you that he’d play for Real Madrid. I’m a fool, I’m stupid. Because I believe people’s word. I’ll learn from that.” READ MORE: Liverpool offered Eddie Nketiah transfer advice as Arsenal forward weighs up future   It isn’t the first time Pedrerol has got his facts wrong when it comes to the future of Mbappe. Last year, the presenter insisted on a number of occasions that the 23-year-old would be heading to the Bernabeu in time for the start of this season. “I repeat, Mbappe will play for Real Madrid next season,” Pedrerol said in April 2021. “He is not going to accept a renewal from PSG and is confident that the club will be prepared to set a logical price considering he has a year left on his contract. And he is very keen [to join Real Madrid].” Real offered PSG £137million for Mbappe last summer and he appeared desperate to join the 13-time European winners as he was a fan of the club when he was growing up. But PSG rejected the money as they refused to let him depart a year before his contract was set to expire. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football       Madrid were backed to sign Mbappe on a free transfer at the end of this campaign - so the ace’s U-turn is a huge coup for PSG, who were crowed Ligue 1 champions a month before the end of the season. The French champions are understood to be willing to make Mbappe the highest paid player in the history of the football by doubling his wages to a staggering £4m a month, while giving him concessions over image rights, goal bonuses, Ballon d’Or honours and Champions League success. And the Parisians are also set to hand the star £100m as a signing-on fee. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 