Administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), Carer’s Allowance is available to those who look after someone for at least 35 hours a week. The rate of the DWP payment has risen in line with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation from September last year. As a result, Carer’s Allowance payments have gone up by 3.1 percent which is an increase of £2 per week. Carer’s Allowance has risen from a weekly rate of £67.60 a couple of months ago to £69.70 per week in the 2022/23 tax year. Furthermore, claimants have seen their benefits earnings limit go up by £132 per week if they look after someone for 35 hours per week. Examples of qualifying caring responsibilities can include cooking, cleaning, managing household bills, shopping and taking the person the carer is looking after to doctors appointments. To get this particular benefit, unpaid carers must be looking after someone who is already on certain benefits, which can include the daily living component of the Personal Independence Payment (PIP) or Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years However, recent research carried out by Carers UK has found that this increase to Carer’s Allowance may not be enough to address the financial situation facing many unpaid carers. In a poll of people who use Carer's Allowance or the Carer Element of Universal Credit, 75 percent of respondents said they were worried the rise in energy bills will affect their livelihoods. Some 58 percent of those surveyed said they had already cut down on heating and 32 percent shared their concern that they will have to use a food bank to survive. The charity emphasised that many households with carers need to use a great amount of gas and electricity to use equipment which is essential for looking after the person they are caring for. Helen Walker, the chief executive of Carers UK, explained: “We are seeing unprecedented levels of stress and financial worries piled on unpaid carers. “Many were already struggling to manage their monthly expenses before the soaring energy prices and inflation increased the price of essentials. Now 45 percent of carers are unable to manage their monthly expenses. “Many are dipping into savings, using credit cards, being pushed into debt and cutting back on essentials to keep the person they care for warm and healthy. They are extremely anxious about how they are going to continue to manage.” On the impact of rising energy bills, Ms Waker cited the charity’s data which found that carers are more likely to be adversely affected with recent changes to the price cap. She added: “Nearly half of carers think the rising energy costs will impact on their health and the health of the person they care for. “Carers are propping up our health and care system at a huge cost to their own personal health, finances and ability to stay in work. “Now the picture is even bleaker, with increasing costs forcing them to cut back on food, on heat, and more than ever are worried that they will be pushed into debt. “There is an urgent need for targeted support for unpaid carers now. Thousands more are being pushed into poverty that will have a lasting impact on their finances and quality of life.” As part of its remit to assist unpaid carers, Carers UK is lobbying the Government to raise payments, such as Carer’s Allowance, in line with the current rate of inflation at seven percent. A Government spokesperson said: “We recognise the valuable role of unpaid carers and we’re spending record amounts to support them financially, along with their health, wellbeing and job chances. “Carer’s Allowance pays £800 more a year compared to 2010 and families can receive £2,000 a year through the carer’s element in Universal Credit. “Those receiving Carer’s Allowance may also be entitled to further support through the benefits system and the £22billion worth of government action to help families with the cost of living.”