Drivers have been sent a warning about the possibility of price increases in Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) rates. The British Vehicle Rental and Leasing Association (BVRLA) pointed to lead time extensions which result in manufacturer price rises and specification changes. Because of this, vehicles around the £38,000 and £39,000 price bracket may increase in cost to over £40,000. It added: “When the vehicle price exceeds £40,000, the vehicle excise duty will change in year two onwards as the expensive car supplement is added. “If this does happen, it may be necessary for a re-quote on the vehicle to ensure the correct tax is included.” Car tax changes were at the beginning of April, which saw most drivers being charged more for the use of their cars. READ MORE: 'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' Most of the changes were introduced to fall in line with inflation, as announced by Rishi Sunak in his 2021 autumn Budget. VED rates are judged based on the emissions output of a vehicle, with electric cars not paying any tax. Despite this, all vehicles must still be taxed, even if they do not have to pay anything. The most polluting vehicles - those which emit over 255g of CO2 per kilometre - saw the first-year rate increase from £2,245 to £2,365. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of huge fines and fire hazards from water bottles [WARNING]Millions of drivers at risk of £1,000 fine for simple MOT mistake [SHOCKING]Drivers face automatic £100 fines for ignoring smart motorway signs [NEW LAWS] The standard VED rate of these vehicles also increased by £10 to £165. Some car manufacturers have warned that some vehicles have a lead time of more than one year. According to MotorEasy, some of the most popular petrol, diesel and electric cars have lead times of up to 52 weeks. The Volvo XC40 and the Audi E-Tron both have estimated waiting times of 52 weeks. In comparison, popular electric models like the Hyundai IONIQ and Tesla Model 3 have lead times of just 13 and 14 weeks respectively. Some of the most popular petrol and diesel models also have comparatively short waiting times. If a driver wants to get their hands on a Nissan Qashqai, Volkswagen T-Roc or BMW 3 Series, they will only need to wait around three and a half months. The Nissan Qashqai has the shortest delivery time with just 13 weeks. This could potentially be thanks to the Nissan headquarters in the north east of England, resulting in vehicles spending less time in transit. However, this does not translate for other Nissan vehicles, including the Juke, which takes 26 weeks to deliver, and the Leaf which can leave drivers waiting for up to 34 weeks. Duncan McClure-Fisher, CEO at MotorEasy said: “The waiting list for cars is at an all-time high. “With delays caused by the ongoing global pandemic and staff absence, the semiconductor shortages, and now the crisis in Ukraine, people are waiting longer and longer for new vehicles to make it onto the roads. “Drivers can avoid the wait by opting to lease a car or buy a second-hand vehicle or even keep their current vehicle until the chip shortage is due to improve in 2023."