Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has named the lack of team spirit under his watch as the biggest disappointment of his tumultuous tenure. Rangnick will take charge of United for the final time on Sunday when they look to end their losing run on the road against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. If West Ham United, away at Brighton & Hove Albion, better the Red Devils' result, they will replace them in sixth in the Premier League. Such circumstances would inflict Europa Conference League football on Erik ten Hag in his first season as manager. Speaking in his final pre-match press conference at Carrington, Rangnick admitted that United have spiralled into a disaster since Atletico Madrid dumped them out of the Champions League last 16. And he believes the defeat at Old Trafford threw the 'stability' he introduced to the squad out of the window. He told reporters: "We spoke about [what has gone wrong] quite at length in last press conferences. I think that since we dropped out at Atletico, we have lost confidence and energy in the team. Until then, we had stabilised the team. JUST IN: Lineker savaged for 'irresponsible' Tottenham food poisoning hoax "Until then, we were much more stable defensively. Since Atletico, we just didn't find our shape and form again. It has got to do with confidence, team spirit and togetherness. This is my biggest disappointment that we didn't establish that team spirit." Despite United's dismal displays under his watch, Rangnick remains confident there are players at the club who Ten Hag can build his new squad around. "I still strongly believe that there is a core of players [at United] who are top [and] good enough to play for this club," Rangnick explained. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick confirms he's finally spoken to Ten Hag On Monday, Ten Hag made an early start to his new chapter as United manager, just one day after managing his final game for Ajax. And he has since arrived in the UK with assists Mitchell van der Gaag and Steve McClaren ahead of his likely official start date, Monday. Rangnick has confirmed he has spoken with Ten Hag since he was appointed United's next manager and hopes to meet the Dutchman in person in the coming days. He added: "We have been in contact via WhatsApp. Hopefully, we will have a chance to meet and speak in person at the weekend or Monday morning at the latest." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.