Not only is a dirty oven unappealing, they are actually less efficient. Grease can decrease the efficiency of ovens, meaning food may take longer to cook. This could be dangerous when using packaging recommended timings to cook foods like meat and poultry, according to Oven Clear. Although it may be time consuming, cleaning the oven is definitely a job which should be done every couple of months. Experts at Kärcher have shared different homemade remedies households can use to make the job easier. They explained: “If you don’t want to use chemical cleaners, you could try home remedies. “Bicarbonate of soda [is a] versatile household remedy is a great help in removing significant dirt on the hob or in the oven. “To do so, mix bicarbonate of soda powder with water in a 1:1 ratio and apply the paste to the burnt-on areas. “Leave it to work for around 30 minutes. READ MORE: How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method “When loosening burnt-on food, the bicarbonate of soda first begins to foam, then gradually dries out.” After 30 minutes, the experts said to “simply” wipe away the mixture. This can be done with a wet microfibre cloth, followed by a dry one. The experts added: “If you don’t have any bicarbonate of soda to hand, baking powder will do, it has the same effect.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap as chips’ hack to get rid of fruit flies [EXPLAINER]Wallpaper: ‘Do’s and don’ts’ when DIYing to ‘do a room justice’ [EXPERT]Houseplant watering methods to avoid overwatering - prevent root rot [COMMENT] According to Kärcher, vinegar can also be used to loosen stains in the oven. They explained: “You can use kitchen vinegar or vinegar essence. “For light dirt, mix kitchen vinegar with some washing up liquid and rub the mixture onto the affected area using a sponge. “Leave it to work for a short time, then wipe the dirt residue off with a damp cloth. “For stubborn dirt, fill a heatproof dish, such as a casserole dish with water and add two to three tablespoons of vinegar essence. “Then leave the dish in the oven for around 45 minutes at 150 degrees celsius.” The steam produced in the oven helps loosen the dirt and grime. Leave the oven to cool down for a little while before wiping all over with a damp cloth. The experts added: “Water with lemon juice can also be used instead of vinegar essence. “Burnt-on spots in the oven or on baking can also be removed using salt. “Dampen the bottom of the oven or the baking tray with a cloth. “Sprinkle enough salt over all the spots and burnt-on food so that they are covered in a white layer.” Next, heat the oven to around 50 degrees and switch it off as soon as the salt turns brown. After the oven has cooled down, the experts said to simply sweep the salt carefully out of the oven. For those wanting to use an actual tool when cleaning, Kârcher recommended using a steam cleaner. They said: “A steam cleaner is a great way to clean your oven. It uses nothing but tap water which means no nasty chemicals. “First, wipe away loose and easy to remove food residue using a damp cloth. Next, remove any stubborn reissue from the oven using a steam cleaner to prevent damage to the surface.” Steam cleaners can be used on the exhaust hood to remove grease and grime too.