Novak Djokovic has opened up about the time he shocked his mother by dressing up as Britney Spears. Djokovic is well known for his hilarious impressions and impersonations, but the efforts he went to in order to perform as Britney took things to a whole new level.  The Serbian star has made crowds around the world laugh by copying the on-court mannerisms of players like Rafael Nadal, Roger Federer and Maria Sharapova. He has earned the nickname “The Djoker” for his playful interviews and reputation for making mischief while on tour. But while his comical copycat impressions have earned him widespread acclaim and millions on YouTube views, there is sadly no footage of Djokovic’s impression of the Oops I Did It Again popstar. Speaking after beating Stan Wawrinka 6-2,6-2 in the last-16 of the Italian Open on Thursday, Djokovic was asked by a reporter why he has stopped entertaining his fans with his famous impressions. JUST IN: Djokovic has Stan Wawrinka wish after beating Swiss at Italian Open  "How come I don't do more imitations and I am more serious than in the past? I always enjoy myself, but not just for the cameras," he said. "I remember when at the Players Show in Monte Carlo I imitated Britney Spears. I had denim shorts and a wig, my mother was so shocked. After that I had to stop for a while. Maybe I don't have to do extreme things, but maybe I'll go back to doing imitations." After playing limited matches in 2022 – in part due to his unvaccinated status – Djokovic is gradually discovering his best tennis. Having dispatched the returning Wawrinka with ease, the 34-year-old will now face a bigger test against world No9 Felix Auger-Aliassime in the quarter finals in Rome. DON'T MISS Djokovic notices how Nadal's uncle has helped next Rome opponent Alcaraz lists what he'd steal from Djokovic, Nadal and Federer Nick Kyrgios declares himself better than Djokovic and Nadal on grass  "Clay-courts are not his favourite surface,” Djokovic said of Auger-Aliassime. “I think he is improving a lot though. He has worked with Toni Nadal for the past two years, who has certainly contributed to his clay-game. “He has been an established athlete in the top 20 and top 10 for some time. He has a very complete game, a very nice guy, who works hard.” Despite his lack of recent matches, Djokovic is still world No 1 – for now. To retain his ranking, he will need to see off Canadian Auger-Aliassime, otherwise Daniil Medvedev will take top spot, despite currently being out injured. 