Bradley Walsh welcomed Steven as the last contestant on Monday's Beat the Chasers. The quizzer was hoping to win the jackpot to purchase an electric wheelchair that could withstand uneven terrain and enable him to enjoy nature. ITV viewers were thrilled for the player when he won £25,000 but questioned why Bradley hadn't accepted one answer from Paul 'The Sinnerman' Sinha. Steven answered all five questions in his preliminary round correctly. He was offered the chance to play for £500,000 if he took on all of the Chasers. However, he instead decided to try and win £25,000 by going up against three of the quizzing champions. Steven had to outsmart Paul, Darragh 'The Menance' Ennis and Jenny 'The Vixen' Ryan. READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison The contestant got off to a great start and quickly the Chasers were struggling. During the tense final, Bradley asked the Chasers: "What Patrick Swayze film became a West End musical?" Paul buzzed in and said Dirty Dancing but was told the correct answer was Ghosts. The three Chasers all turned to each other and look stunned by the rejection. Steven went on to win £25,000 but viewers were quick to question Paul's mistake. @Mary67466019 tweeted: "Was the Patrick Swayze Question Misleading? Chasers looked stunned after answering Dirty Dancing to the question. "What Patrick Swayze film became a West End Musical? Bradley said Ghost. Either were correct. There was nothing in the question specific to Ghost. #beatthechasers." (sic) @NiccyRich added: "Absolute uproar about the Patrick Swayze musical question! Was that question written incorrectly? I'm sure something went wrong there #BeatTheChasers." DON'T MISS...Mark Labbett gets candid about split from wife and second cousin Katie [COMMENT]Anne Hegerty says family she 'didn't get on with' inspired Governess [COMMENT]'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star [COMMENT] "Dirty Dancing is definitely a musical though? #BeatTheChasers, @helenruthfisher wrote. @aaron19258739 remarked: "#BeatTheChasers technically dirty dancing is a musical on the west end." (sic) @HelenTodd3 asked Chaser Mark 'The Beast' Labbett to clarify: "How come Dirty Dancing wasn’t right?! #BeatTheChasers." The Chaser replied: "Presumably there was more info but Paul jumped in too quick?" Anne 'The Governess' Hegerty was missing from Beat the Chasers and won't feature in the current series. She contracted Covid-19 while filming was underway and has been replaced by Issa 'The Supernerd' Schultz. Issa is a Chaser on the Australian version of the ITV quiz show. Beat the Chasers continues on ITV on Tuesday at 9pm.