We need unilateral British action, taken in the interests of British people. Peace in Northern Ireland is a British matter. Ultimately it does not concern the EU or the USA or even the Republic of Ireland. Northern Ireland is British. These external actors, who have been flattered by our engagement for far too long, must now be shown the door. We were all encouraged 72 hours ago when we heard Liz Truss was poised to take such action in that time frame. We were all encouraged when our attorney general said we had the right to do so; ironic as it is that nowadays a legal opinion is needed for government to act in what is patently legitimate British interests.  Wind the clock on the requisite period and, instead of taking action, our Prime Minister is on a plane to Belfast. If he was minded to take action he would not be heading West. He would be in a bunker with his cabinet planning every move. He is heading to Belfast, not to give the DUP the good news we all seek, that the Protocol will be ditched. He is heading there because he thinks he can convince them to re-form Stormont. He will be there to beg, induce, seduce and browbeat them into doing so. Peerages, knighthoods and funding for DUP projects will likely be on offer; and threats too will likely be made. But our Prime Minister is going to be disappointed. Sir Jeffrey Donaldson will stand firm. He will do so not only because he was elected on the promise that there can be no Stormont for as long as there is the Protocol. But more importantly because Sir Jeffrey recognises the Protocol has already removed Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom. The Protocol does not present an existential threat to the United Kingdom, it has already broken it. So enough about streamlining regulatory checks across the Irish Sea. Enough about green channels for Northern Ireland and red ones for the Republic. Enough of trusted trader schemes. Enough about complex negotiating command papers setting out the basics of what is required to reclaim that which should naturally be ours, our sovereignty. Ditch the Protocol and save the United Kingdom or become the Prime Minister who oversees its irreversible breaking. The customs border must go where the Belfast Agreement recognises the border to be – between Northern Ireland and the Republic. Trade across that border represents less than one percent of UK/ EU trade. It is a rounding error.  In any event we would not institute customs checks on our side of that border; just as we have not done on the British side of the Protocol’s Irish Sea border. If the EU insist on border posts on the Republic’s side, they are most welcome to have them. And if that results in the IRA picking up arms again, so be it. We must not bow to their threats of violence. If they return to their bad ways, they must be met with the full force of British law enforcement. Some say that such an approach recklessly invites violence. They miss the point. There can be no justification for pandering to the IRA. The Prime Minister fully recognises the fault in Ukraine lies with Russia. He must be prepared, like the valiant Zelensky, to stand up to the threat posed to our United Kingdom by external actors, including the IRA. So when you visit Belfast Prime Minister, do not do what I fear you will. Do not try to weaken the resolve of unionists. Instead bolster the union by locking arms with them. Stand tall and send a strong message to the EU, the USA, the Republic and the IRA. Northern Ireland’s union with Great Britain is not theirs to break. 