The key to designing a small room is to bear in mind that it is small and make choices based on this fact. An interior style advisor explained some basic tips and tricks to do this. Rebecca Snowden from Furniture and Choice spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk. Pay attention to layout Rebecca said: "Layout in the room is important." Make sure to create a clear pathway around the room, so there is an easy way to navigate and use it." How can you do this? Rebecca said: "Keep the pathway clear and move furniture closer to the walls. "Whenever possible, use wall space instead of the floor. "Utilise floating shelves and wall-mounted rails instead of a bulky bookcase or cabinets." READ MORE: British homeowner creates incredible DIY Downton Abbey-inspired period kitchen - pictures Choose lighting carefully "With lighting, an abundance of natural light is best," the expert said. If you have natural light in the room, encourage it as much as possible. Rebecca went on: "Go for sheer drapes, Venetian blinds, or lightweight shutters instead of heavy curtains to diffuse sunlight streaming in." There are artificial ways to use light to make smaller rooms look bigger too. "Add more lamps or install track lighting if the room receives very limited light," the interior style advisor said. DON'T MISSAdd £8k to your house value with surprising interior update [EXPERT] Devalue your home by £20,000! Dark blue walls and gold [WARNING] Home interiors must-haves in renovator Emily Canham's dream home [PROPERTY] Use mirrors to your advantage "Mirrors can work magic to make spaces feel bigger," Rebecca said. "In a small living or dining room, hang a large mirror across a window to bounce light around. Keep the frame slim and simple if you’re using an oversized mirror. "In the bedroom, add mirrored side tables for a modern luxe touch." Smaller furniture Putting large furnishings in a small room will only exaggerate the sense of smallness. In a small room, make sure your chairs and sofas aren't too chunky and overwhelming. Stick to hanging decorations on the walls, rather than cluttering the floors. White paint Painting the room in light colour, ideally white, is the surest way to make a room look and feel bigger. Make the most of high ceilings If you have a lot of vertical space, draw attention to this with tall design elements, like large paintings or long curtains.