BBC Weather forecaster Sarah Kieth-Lucas also predicted temperatures resting at around 22C to 23C. Brits are to expect to see warm sunshine spread across the day. The heavier rain showers are expected to break out in central parts of the UK. And the Met Office has issued no weather warnings in the UK. Ms Kieth-Lucas said: "Today we have got a bit more sunshine around, but also some heavy downpours too. "But it's a glorious start to the day here, Cromarty in Highland, beautiful sunrises in fact up and down the UK first thing this morning. "So we'll see those spells of warm sunshine coming through the day, but we have got heavy showers, some of them thundery. "So some downpours in the forecast as well, we're not all going to be seeing them because it can be rather hit and miss.  JUST IN: 'END of Russia' Putin told UK will 'cripple' Moscow in swift revenge for nuclear strike     Ms Kieth-Lucas added: "They're moving in from the South and heading their way northwards on this feature you can see here. "High pressure still not far away just nudging off towards the East there. "So this is a radar for the past few hours it shows where we've had the rain already. "It's been quite heavy through central parts of England and Wales, some thunderstorms rattling across the Isle of White into Somerset. READ MORE:'I felt sick!' Retired widow loses £40,000 after 'looking for companionship' Ms Kieth-Lucas said: "So all these downpours are going to continue pushing their way northwards gradually through today. "So they'll affect much of England and Wales, pushing into parts of Northern Ireland and southern Scotland through the middle part of the day. "We will see a return to sunnier drier conditions in the South though, it's quite warm air in places. "So temperatures still 22-23C in that sunshine towards the South, but a little bit cooler further North under the cloud. DON’T MISS: UK would STILL vote to stay OUT of the EU, Brexit referendum poll shows Ms Kieth-Lucas added: "15 there for Belfast, and in Aberdeen, you've got a breeze coming in from the North Sea. "So a little bit cooler here than it was yesterday as well, heading through into the evening hours and we've still got this first area of showers. "Continuing to progress North across parts of Scotland, then the next patch of heavy downfalls rolls in from the South. "So effecting parts of England, Wales again heading into North Ireland in the early hours of Monday morning."