  Natalia Dyer, 27, has opened up about her relationship with Stranger Things co-star Charlie Heaton, 28, who also plays her love interest on the show. Natalia, who portrays a key role in the popular Netflix series, spoke to Cosmopolitan UK about what it’s like to work with her partner of five years.      During the interview, Natalia opened up about working with her real-life and on-screen boyfriend Charlie. Charlie plays intelligent but shy Jonathan Byers, who falls in love with pretty and popular Nancy Wheeler (Natalia), after the pair are brought together by strange goings on in their small town. Natalia said of working alongside Charlie: “It’s an understanding that would be hard to replicate. It’s an indescribable thing.” She then went on to share her thoughts about outside interest surrounding their relationship, admitting that she couldn’t understand why people were so fascinated by the pair. READ MORE: Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown    “I’m always curious as to why it comes up,” she said. “Why do people want to know about it? “I think it’s a natural instinct to want to know more about the people who are on your screens for hours, about what they’re like in real life. “[But] now that I’ve experienced the other side of it… It sounds so clicheì, but I’m just a person, too. “Some people are very good about being open and sharing, and other people feel a little more comfortable holding some things for themselves.”     Stranger Things has proven itself to be one of Netflix’s biggest hits and is now in its fourth season. It begins with the story of a young boy named Will Byers (Noah Schnapp), who goes missing from his small, sleepy hometown of Hawkins, Indiana. When his mother Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder), brother Jonathan (Charlie), the local police chief Jim Hopper (David Harbour) and a group of his friends go looking for him, they must confront terrifying supernatural forces in order to get him back. The series has since evolved into a successful sci fi-horror cult classic, attracting fans from around the world. READ MORE... Sharon Osbourne, 69, sparks concern with frail bed-ridden photo [UPDATE] A Place In The Sun's Jasmine 'dumbfounded' by Brexit's lack of impact [NEWS] 'Never mess with Susie' Rachel Riley warns amid Anne's Countdown exit [LATEST]     There have been plenty of creepy creatures throughout the series to keep fans on the edge of their seats. Hailing from a dark parallel world known as the ‘upside down’, monsters like the Demogorgon and the Mind Flayer have helped the show to establish itself within the horror genre. Stranger Things has also launched the careers of young actors like Millie Bobby Brown, Joe Keery and Finn Wolfhard. The cast and series, created by the Duffer Brothers, has won numerous awards over the years, including the People’s Choice Award for best Drama Show of 2019.      Jim Hopper actor David, who is married to Lily Allen in real life, even won a Critic’s Choice award back in 2018 for Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series. Series four of Stranger Things is scheduled to be released in two volumes, the first of which arrives later this month on May 27. The second volume is set to drop five weeks later on July 1. The June/July issue of Cosmopolitan UK is on sale from 10th May.   