Jeremy Vine asked viewers of his Channel 5 show whether they agreed with St Ives, Cornwall’s decision to charge tourists to use public toilets. Caller Sally agreed with the decision as she pointed out residents are “already paying towards” the toilets through their council tax contributions. The host explained: “Tourists and second home owners in St Ives in Cornwall will be forced to spend a penny to use a public loo.” “It gets packed in the summer and there aren’t enough loos,” he continued. “Councillors in St Ives which received more than half a million visitors last year hope their plan will cut their maintenance bill. “The council currently spends £125,000 a year looking after public lavatories.” Read more: 'Chuck them all in the bin' Ash Sarkar erupts at Royal Family 'cartel' Jeremy spoke to viewer Sally who explained why she felt locals should have priority over the use of public toilets. She said: “Well the point is you don’t probably don’t look at how your council tax is broken down but I do. “You get so much for the police and so much goes to the country council, so much goes to the district council and so much goes to the village. “People who live there are already paying towards those toilets anyway so they’ve paid already." “I understand but if the tourists decide to go somewhere else because they’ve got free toilets the town loses money,” Jeremy argued. Vine panellist Dr Tessa Dunlop interjected: “Sally, would you have an interest with tourists who go and stay in the local B&B paying an extra fiver that goes to the extra authority to cover the cost that tourists demand off an area. “It is more wear and tear if you’ve got this footfall that comes in seasonally.” “Well I think it would be quite good, we have an awful lot of potholes on our road and you could say that’s down to all the traffic from tourists and things like that,” the caller replied. DON'T MISSKeir Starmer urged to offer 'absolutely humiliating' partygate apology [INSIGHT]Vine panelist demands Starmer quit over Angela Rayner cover up [VIDEO] 'Not based on heart but head' Owen Jones defends Baby P mum release [INTERVIEW] Kathleen from Birmingham called in to add her thoughts on the subject. “I think there should be a small fine for people using the public toilets to keep them maintained. “But saying that most people will use the motorway services before they’re getting to their destination. “Most people, if they’re going to a place that’s a fairly big town, they will go in and buy a coffee and ask if they can use the toilet there. “I think public toilets are very few and far between.” “So you think the money will put people off using them?” Jeremy asked. “I think it will,” Kathleen replied. “I wouldn’t mind paying a small fine if it’s going to maintain them. “But I do think people won’t pay because they can use motorway services.” Jeremy Vine airs on Channel 5 on weekdays at 9.15am.