Manchester City ace Jack Grealish has explained why he feels nervous around manager Pep Guardiola. The attacker played 26 times for the Citizens in the Premier League during his debut campaign at the Etihad Stadium as City won their fourth title in five years. “Honestly, he’s a genius,” Grealish told Sky Sports as he spoke about his manager after City had produced a stunning comeback against Aston Villa to win the title on Sunday. “Football-wise he’s unbelievable. “I say to people all the time, ‘I’d love you to just come in and watch one of his team talks before the game just to see what he does for every player.’ He’s unbelievable - just working with him day to day on the training pitch. “I don’t get nervous or anything with fans or stuff like that because I think people have seen what I can do. But he actually makes me nervous sometimes, I swear. And I feel like sometimes I’ve had to impress him too much. READ MORE: Mahrez says Liverpool 'hate' Man City, plans to add misery on Reds  “Sometimes, because Pep doesn’t want you to lose the ball, I’m thinking, ‘I can’t lose this ball.’ In the second half last week against West Ham, I felt like once I scored I was like, ‘come on give me the ball,’ and I was running at people trying to create things. And I felt like myself. Hopefully I can bring that next season - I’m sure I will.” City broke the British transfer record to land Grealish for £100million last summer after he had impressed for Villa and England. But the 26-year-old didn’t make it onto the pitch on Sunday as City overturned a two-goal deficit to beat Steven Gerrard’s team 3-2. Ilkay Gundogan came off the bench in the second half to score a brace, while Rodri also got his name on the scoresheet as Guardiola’s side illustrated their winning mentality and never-say-die attitude. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick's final three words as bossMan Utd star David de Gea fires shots at team-mates with transfer callTen Hag will have learned four things from Man Utd’s defeat to Palace      And Grealish has revealed he was targeting the Premier League title when he first arrived in Manchester. “I can’t explain it,” the England star added. “I came here to win trophies - that’s what I said when I first came. “When I first came here I had a lot of family and friends all saying to me, ‘if you could win one, what would you want to win?’ And I swear, and I’m not just saying this, but for me it was always the Premier League because I’ve never won it. I can’t really put it into words.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 