As the This Morning team discussed the rumours with Sonia and Vanessa Feltz, the former told Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield she was "struggling to care" about Prince Harry despite previously having sympathy for him and Meghan Markle. It comes amid speculation he could miss the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations due to a polo match in California. The group debated the situation on the ITV show as they addressed the likelihood of the Prince missing the highly-anticipated event. "Is he going to miss out - again?" Holly asked after addressing the reports. "I find it... I'm finding it really hard and struggling to care about Harry and whether he'll come back for the Jubilee," admitted Sonia. "We've had so much in recent months about 'will he, won't he' - there's been all these arguments about his security and who should pay for security and 'is he entitled to the same security as the other royals?' "The police and other government say that he isn't... and to be honest, I had a lot of sympathy for Harry and Meghan when they first stepped away from the Royal Family." READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money Confessing her sympathy is wearing thin, the columnist and author went on:" I think they did get quite a lot of unfair treatment in the press, but my patience is sort of running out. "It's kind of like, 'If you want to come back, come back, if not-'" "Well, he hasn't actually said anything yet," Holly pointed out. "It does say 'Prince Harry COULD miss the Queen's Jubilee," Phillip echoed. "True," Sonia replied, while Phillip continued: "It was a claim that came from Meghan Markle's journalist friend, Omid Scobie, after tweeting the announcement." "Well, he always seems to have the hot line, doesn't he?" Vanessa chimed. "I mean, it's not as if he doesn't get the scoop, he always does. "I mean, what do I think? I think it's a damn shame if he doesn't come back," she argued. DON'T MISS... Sandi Toksvig sets record straight on why she quit Bake Off [LATEST]ITV’s Ruth Dodsworth praised for opening up on coercive control [VIDEO]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades speaks out after BBC cancel spin-off [EXCLUSIVE] The TV personality continued: "I think he should come back, it's an enormous and momentous occasion. "It's huge, it's historical, it's his own grandma! I mean, gosh, what more do you need? "I mean, get off the horse and come over here! What about priorities?" "I feel like he is going to be here," Holly predicted. "I just feel like he is.  "Maybe this is just noise, I feel it's all noise, I don't believe it." "I think most people would agree with that," Sonia commented. "And I think the stuff around the security, all those arguments about who should pay and him saying, I'm not going to come back unless the government agree,' it feels-" Phillip cut in as Sonia spoke to say: "Pretty sure that if he goes to the Queen's Jubilee he's going to be safe." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.