Mr Trump, speaking to broadcaster Piers Morgan, said he “disagreed” with the monarch not stripping the Duke and Duchess of Sussex of their royal titles and “would” remove the titles from the royal pair if he were the monarch. The Queen has previously taken back the couple’s HRH titles. In a poll by Techne UK exclusively for Express.co.uk, nearly three-quarters of respondents backed comments made by the former president to the veteran broadcaster. Of the 1,625 UK adults sampled, 74 percent said they supported Mr Trump's comments about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Just 18 percent of those asked disagreed with the former president's remarks, whereas eight percent said they did not know. Speaking last month, Mr Trump told Mr Morgan: "The only thing I disagree with the Queen on, probably one of the only things ever, is that I think she should have said, 'If that’s your choice, fine. But you no longer have titles.'” He went on to say the Sussexes were trying to have their “royal cake and eat it”. He said: “Here’s my issue with it. I think that they’ve quit the country, they quit royal duty, they’re living in luxury and California. “They want to use their royal titles to exploit them for massive financial gain, without any of the duty that comes with the royal titles. “I don’t think you can have your royal cake and eat it. That’s my argument about it." READ MORE: Meghan has 'nothing to show' as Queen withdraws He added: “Her [the Queen’s] loyalty is to the country. And I think that he has been so disrespectful to the country, and it’s a great country." He referenced his meeting with the Queen, adding: “And I think when she spoke badly of the royal family, but in particular the Queen you know, I met the Queen. “It was supposed to be for 20 minutes.” He said: “She liked me and I liked her and she let it be known. She liked me and I let it be known.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Good decision!' Queen's 'wise' snub of Harry [LIVE] Meghan Markle blasted for 'embarrassing' Netflix 'blow' [REACTION] Archie can only ‘bond’ with cousins if Sussexes are 'close' with RF [ANALYSIS] But the former US president went further in his accusations, claiming Meghan is leading Harry “by the nose”. Speaking on ‘Piers Morgan Uncensored’, he added: “I want to know what's going to happen when Harry decides he's had enough of being bossed around.” He went on to claim that Meghan could also leave her relationship with Prince Harry “when she decides that she likes some other guy better”. He said: “I’m not a fan of Meghan, and I wasn’t from the beginning. “Poor Harry is being led around by his nose. And I think he’s an embarrassment.” He also said that according to him Harry is a “whipped” man, claiming: “I won’t use the full expression but Harry is whipped like no person I think I’ve ever seen.” In a gloomy prediction for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s relationship, Mr Trump said: "It’ll end and it’ll end bad.” In that case, Mr Trump claimed, the Duke of Sussex could return to the Royal Family fold back on UK soil. He told Piers: “I wonder if Harry’s gonna go back on his hands and knees back into the beautiful city of London and say, please. “You know, I think Harry has been led down a path.”