Tottenham winger Son Heung-min admitted he is "disappointed" with manager Antonio Conte after being brought off while Spurs were 3-0 up against 10-man Arsenal. Son is just one goal behind Liverpool's Mohamed Salah in the Premier League Golden Boot race having moved on to 21 goals by scoring his side's third on Thursday night. Son was clearly in the mood for more goals against the Gunners as he looks to win the Golden Boot for the first time in his career. But he was withdrawn with 18 minutes remaining despite the hosts' numerical advantage. And the in-form South Korean attacker was clearly disappointed as cameras showed his reaction to being brought off. He wore a sad look on his way off the pitch and also on the substitutes' bench minutes later. Speaking to Sky Sports post-match, Son admitted he was "disappointed" with Conte to come off. He explained: "I mean obviously I want to play always, but what can I say, he is the manager and it is the gaffer's decision and I need to accept that. He said we have an important game on Sunday, so it is no big deal. I am not angry, I am disappointed because I came off." Conte grabbed Son for a word at full-time with the winger walking off smiling after their brief chat. Conte clearly wanted to keep his star player as fresh as possible for the visit of Burnley to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium at 12pm on Sunday. The Italian manager added: "I know Son wanted to continue to play but I had to think not only about this game but to have fresh players. They spent a lot of energy. I made the decision to give them a bit of rest. He promised me on Sunday he will go to try to score." Former Spurs midfielder Jamie Redknapp said on Sky Sports: "I was surprised by his [Son's] emotion. He wants that Golden Boot, he wants goals. You can see, Conte is not interested in individual accolades. He wants the team to do well." MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit:/sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk.