Radio Suffolk presenter Mark Murphy had taken a very special trip to London to collect his MBE (The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire). Yesterday’s investiture was the first at Buckingham Palace for two years due to Covid restrictions, although Mr Murphy said he didn’t even know until the day of the event. Ceremonies had been switched to Windsor Castle since March 2020.  Prince William told Mr Murphy his anti-litter campaign had caught his eye - and nearly caused him an accident. Mr Murphy said: "He told me that when he was looking at his briefing he nearly spat out his breakfast cereal when he read about the 'Don't be a Tosser' campaign. "He said how much he agreed that litter needed to be cleared up and I told him if he wanted anyone to lead a campaign he knew where I was! "It was really, really good. They don't just hand out the award. They talk to you and everyone feels really special." The radio host added that he had seen several other MBE-winners at the event, including another radio host from Suffolk.  He said: "Simon Mayo was there collecting his award - another radio presenter from Suffolk! “And there was Roy Hodgson. It was a very special event." As well as Don't Be a Tosser, Mr Murphy has worked with the police on the Bin a Blade campaign. He also helped to establish Suffolk Day as a key date on the county's calendar. Prince William, 39, and Princess Anne, 71, joined forces for the Royal event. A video released by the Royal Family shows members hosting guests in the Palace’s Throne Room.  READ MORE: Princess Charlotte's birthday gift to draw her closer to Queen [REVEAL] Spice Girl Mel B was named in the New Year Honours for services to charitable causes and vulnerable women. The pop star greeted Prince William with a curtsey before approaching him to receive her award. She told PA the Duke commended her hard work. The performer added, "He did say, 'I can't believe I'm giving you one of these — I'm delighted,' and I said, 'Aw, thank you,' and we had a giggle." Princess Anne was the one to award an MBE to actress Ruth Wilson. DON'T MISS: ‘Proud to be British!’ Readers rage against ‘embarrassed’ expats [REVEAL]'UK heading for recession' Bank of England warning over inflation [INSIGHT]Dr Shola sparks tells Tory voters to 'get their heads examined' [ANALYSIS]  Ms Wilson, known for her roles in The Affair and Luther, was named in the 2021 Queen's Birthday Honours list for services to drama. When asked about what she and Anne discussed, Ruth said the Princess spoke about how they would put on plays in the palace as children. The actress said: "She asked whether I had done acting when I was younger and then I asked her whether she had done acting when she was younger." Anne said she had done - revealing the plays took place in the award ceremony room. The ceremony was conducted by the Prince of Wales. 