Kayln Franke is a US expat in the UK, living with her British husband, Guy. She moved after being fascinated with Britain in her youth and coming to study at university in the country. Kalyn wrote a book on the experience of moving from the US to the UK, Girl Gone London: An American's Guide to Surviving Life in the UK, and blogs about the experience on her website, Girl Gone London. Kayln opened up on British taxes compared to taxes in the UK. She said: "I have No problem with them, really!" According to the American expat, the taxes of either country balance out generally, but it does depend on what state you live in. Kayln said: "If you compare UK to US taxes, it balances out more than some people think depending on what state you live in in the US. "Sales tax, for instance, in the UK is much higher than the US, but property taxes in the US - the closest thing we have to a council tax - can be extortionate." She went on: "I've happily paid (taxes) in the UK since I moved here and feel like I get a lot of benefit in return." READ MORE: How retired British expats afford cruises and holidays with brilliant passive income idea There are some fundamental differences between tax in the UK and tax in the US. The basic income tax rate is lower in the US, at 10 percent, while in the UK it is 20 percent. In the UK, those earning between £50,271 and £150,000 pay 40 percent, and those earning above £150,000 pay 45 percent. However, in the US there are seven tax brackets in total. They increase gradually up to 37 percent for the highest bracket, $523,601 and above. Those earning £150,000 ($187,425) and up in the US, the equivalent of the highest taxpayers in the UK, pay just 32 percent compared to the UK's 45 percent. DON'T MISS'Spaniards are very open-minded and welcoming' say expat couple [INSIGHT] Won’t be ‘drinking sangria all year’: Spain expats on misconceptions [WARNING] Expats detail the ‘hardest part’ of their move to Spain [REAL LIFE] Another big difference between the UK and US tax systems is that tax in the US is managed at a federal and state level. Additionally, US citizen still pays tax in the US wherever they reside in the world. Property tax in the UK can vary based on which state you live in. The tax must be paid whether you fully own the property or not. The highest property tax rate is in New Jersey, where people pay 2.49 percent, an average rate of $5,419 per property. So, is it more expensive to live in the UK or the US? Kaylyn said: "I've had this conversation a lot with my husband who is British, and our conclusion is usually that it probably all evens out. "UK incomes tend to be lower than the equivalent American ones, and not just based on the exchange rate - this is something that many American expats in quite a few industries deal with when moving to the UK. "But, the UK has the wonderful NHS instead of exorbitant USA health care prices. "Food in the supermarkets is cheaper in the UK, but clothing is usually cheaper in the US. "I do miss property prices in the US, as you can get a lot more for your money usually than where I live in the southeast of England." The expert discussed the size of the property in the US and UK further with Express.co.uk. She said the size of houses in the UK was a shock. Kalyn said: "It makes total sense based on the landmass of both countries, but my house in the UK is smaller than my friend's studio apartment in the US if that tells you anything." The average property size in the UK is 729 sq ft and the average house price is £266,742. On the other hand, the average size of a home in the US is 2,500 sq ft and the average price of a home is $374,900 (£284,820.90).