With the fallout of Boris Johnson’s “partygate” and Sir Keir Starmer’s “beergate” still dominating the news cycle, former GB News host Andrew Neil returned to screens on Channel 4 to discuss and debate the latest political headlines. The Andrew Neil Show welcomed Brexit Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg as its headline guest for its debut but before the fiery discussions got underway, Neil took aim at the aforementioned reports. As soon as The Andrew Neil Show began, Neil was shown tucking into a curry behind his desk. The former BBC presenter’s desk had tin trays of curry surrounded by a plate of poppadoms, a bottle of champagne, a beer and a birthday cake. “Standby, Andrew,” a voice off-camera could be heard saying as Neil feigned he was unaware the cameras were rolling. “Oh, what were about to go on air?” Neil replied, supposedly surprised the show was now live. READ MORE: Anne Hegerty replacement speaks out on 'terrifying' Beat the Chasers Dishing out the punchline to his joke, he said down the camera: “Okay. It’s not a party, it’s a work event.” The opening credits then rolled, setting the tone for the notoriously ruthless interviewer’s first show. And needless to say, the show’s opening certainly got viewers talking, with many divided on Neil’s gag. Twitter user @gladding said: “Brilliant start to a Brilliant return for the best in the Business @afneil. Congratulations to @Channel4 for bringing Andrew back to our screens. Bring on the Interviews.” Gerold Hightower argued, however: “Ahhh no he’s started with a Starmer-Curry gag. “I was hoping Andrew Neil would ‘hold people to account’ but no, looking like another client journalist.” Martin Wardle saw the funny side as he weighed in: “@afneil good start,” followed by a laughing emoji. Elsewhere in the show, Neil found himself in a fiery clash with Rees-Mogg over a number of issues - none least the changes to interest and income rates. DON'T MISS:Richard Ayoade takes aim at Will Smith in BAFTAs speechRose Ayling-Ellis and Giovanni Pernice look glam at BAFTA TV AwardsLorraine Kelly, 62, wows at BAFTAs despite previous red carpet fears "The poorest 25 per cent of this country will see real income fall by six per cent this year, they’re the poorest," Neil put to the Conservative MP. "Those who live on our of work benefits are going to see their real income fall by 15 per cent and you are tonight have nothing to say to these people except, ‘I need to control inflation’. I put it to you -" Neil tried to continue but Rees-Mogg interrupted. He cut in: "I’m not simply accepting those figures, I don’t think they’re an accurate reflection of what is happening." But Neil hit back: "They are pretty accurate. Are you denying that the poorest are having the worst squeeze?"  Rees-Mogg explained: "The reduction and the withdrawal rate of the universal credit is worth about £1,000 a year to people on the universal credit. "I absolutely accept that there is a lag in the increase to some rates, that is true. "But there is £150 that has been made available to people to help with their energy prices so targeted directed support has been provided for the least well-off." Rees-Mogg went on to claim that the national insurance changes will help the poorest in the long run, but Neil was also quick to point out those were amendments the MP voted against. The Andrew Neil Show airs Sundays at 6pm on Channel 4.