Carol Vorderman, 61, has taken to Twitter to respond to fans who say that she should return to host Countdown after presenter Anne Robinson, 77, has announced her exit from the show. Former co-host Carol thanked her fans for their positivity. She tweeted a photo of an Express.co.uk headline which read: “Carol Vorderman breaks silence on Anne Robinson’s Countdown exit as fans beg her to return.” The message was tweeted in view of Carol’s 481,100 followers. She wrote: “Thank you to all of you saying such lovely things about a possibility of me returning to Countdown. “You're very kind & it would be an honour." READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show “But I want to wish whoever is the lucky human to be the new host all the love and 9 letter words in the world.” “#CountWell #HappyDays.” Fans were quick to jump on to the post and share their excitement at the possibility of Carol’s return. @Rolf164 commented: “It would be so great to see you on there”. @PhilBayliss4 wrote: “Morning Vorders, although it would be lovely to see you back on Countdown, it's not usually a good idea to go backwards!” @_ShinySilvery said: “You’ve also seen guys come and go from Richard’s chair, and am so happy to hear you’d deem it an honour! “They tried a woman in the chair and it was so obvious the ‘Queen of Mean’ was an unsuitable choice. “The management need to make good with you and have the laughter back too!” DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] @Baberton33 wrote jokingly: “That would be something if you take the seat that was once occupied by the Mayor of Wetwang.” Anne had replaced former host Nick Hewer last year. She announced her departure from the show in a statement earlier this week in which she said she had stayed “longer than I signed up for.” The presenter continued, saying she hoped an older woman would replace her.  She also took the opportunity to remind Countdown bosses that women in the later end of their 70’s are still capable of taking senior positions. Anne continued: “I’ve had a blast hosting this wonderful show. And I stayed longer than I signed up for. “Now it is time for an older woman to take the reins. “I hope too I’ve encouraged TV bosses to realise that not all women at the wrong end of their seventies are in care homes playing bingo and watching conjuring tricks.”