NCIS Los Angeles' latest series has been a triumph with plenty of unexpected plot twists and drama along the way. The CBS police procedural is almost over though with just one more episode left to air next weekend. But given how the penultimate episode ended, there is concern that this could be the beginning of the end for one of the show's original agents. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles. Earlier on in NCIS LA season 13, it was discovered that Agent Callen had a deep fake created of himself by none other than Katya (Eve Barlow). Things got even worse for him though when she pretended to be the agent, using these AI impersonations throughout the US government. As a result, Callen was temporarily put on mainly desk duty for security purposes. In the penultimate episode though, the situation for the veteran agent escalated even more so. READ MORE: Eurovision semi-final 2022: Serbia’s Konstrakta causes stir During Down the Rabbit Hole, the NCIS team attempted to quickly find Callen after falling for a trap set up by Katya. She used Agent Sam Hanna's (LL Cool J) deep fake to coordinate a weapons deal and Callen was in grave danger. Unfortunately, a happy conclusion was not reached by the end of the episode with the agent still missing in action. And going by the series 13 finale synopsis, it seems there is going to be even more trouble on the way. NCIS' Come Together, season 13's final episode, will be airing on Sunday, May 22, on CBS. The description reads: "The NCIS team continues to search for Callen as they realise they're being tricked by multiple deep fakes, and Kensi and Deeks hear exciting news regarding the adoption." With the team struggling to track down Callen's whereabouts, could this mean that it might be finally time to say goodbye to him after 13 years? Thankfully, it does seem unlikely that this will be the end of the agent just yet. DON'T MISS...'Don't know if that's true!' Mike Tindall rubbishes Jubilee plan claim [REACTION]Mike Tindall in candid admission about daughter Mia [EXPLAINER]LL Cool J wife: Who is NCIS Los Angeles' Sam Hanna actor married to? [CAST] Callen and Hanna's partnership is a key element of the drama which just wouldn't be the same without either of the actors. So it is improbable that CBS would have renewed the show for a 14th series if O'Donnell didn't have any intentions of staying. In addition, O'Donnell and Cool J are also executive producers on CBS' latest reality show Come Dance with Me. This indicates that there is still a good relationship between both the network and the NCIS LA star. As previously mentioned, NCIS Los Angeles will be returning for a season 14. The news came alongside the renewal of NCIS for season 20 and NCIS Hawaii series two. So far, a release date hasn't been announced for season 14 but it is predicted that it will begin later this year. NCIS Los Angeles season 12 is available to watch every Sunday on CBS. A UK release date is yet to be released.