Joining Darren Grimes on GB News, Angela Levin gave her opinion on whether or not Meghan Markle is “trying to emulate” Princess Diana. The royal commentator stated she believed “Meghan seems to have a duty to herself” whereas Diana knew she had a sense of duty to the monarchy. Darren asked: “Does Meghan Markle see herself as the next Di? Does she see herself as a Princess Diana, trying to emulate the model of the people’s princess?” “You’re quite right about that,” Angela replied. “I think to a certain extent she does. “But she obviously never had the fortune to meet her mother-in-law and Diana was really keen on the monarchy. “Although she fell out with individuals there, she was brought up to have a huge sense of duty and Meghan seems to have a duty to herself really. READ MORE: 'He's awful!' Question of Sport fans slam captain's sports knowledge “They are quite different personalities. I know that when they had that interview when they got engaged, that Harry said his mother would be absolutely happy and jumping up and down with glee. “There’s a man in love, it’s perfectly okay for him to say that but I can’t see any comparison with them at all in terms of personality.” Darren cut in: “What about the British people though. What do you think they’re going to say Angela when Harry and Meghan touch down. “Do you think they’re going to view this as a touching way to celebrate Her Majesty the Queen’s legacy or do you think once again the public are going to say, ‘Hang on a minute, they’re trying to make it all about them now.’” “Well, I’ve read so many comments in the last few days about people not wanting them to come and believing they will take the spotlight,” Angela answered. “In one of the papers today though, the Queen has handed out a sort of peaceful olive branch to them because she wants everyone to be one big family. “I understand that because if she wants everyone to be together then everyone in this country, everyone in the Commonwealth, you can’t allow your family to have a big row and be difficult. “I think she was trying to say to the press everyone, let us be kind and get together. DON'T MISS...‘What would Diana have expected’: Meghan pressured to ‘conform’ [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams Meghan Markle’s Texas school tribute [REACTION]William and Kate issued warning ahead of Meghan and Harry's arrival [LATEST] “But I don’t think Harry and Meghan can be trusted anymore.” Angela’s comments come just a day after she slammed the Duchess of Sussex for visiting the memorial site of the school shooting in Uvalde, Texas. Speaking on TalkTV, she stated: “She said she wanted to go incognito with, I think, a cap. “And she went to a place very close by so she put her mask on, but she was surrounded by people there. “And people aren't daft, they could see she was there, but to send it to the media, that's the key isn't it?” Angela added: “She could have gone there, she could have had a photographer who wanted to take a picture for herself, because it was meaningful. "But actually to then release it, it becomes all about her, as usual."