 From today, drivers in England, Scotland and Wales can take newly-accredited training to learn and improve the skills they need to safely tow. The Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) is urging drivers who are planning to tow a trailer or caravan to take a training course before getting behind the wheel.  There are newly-accredited trainers running courses to suit every level of ability. This includes: towing for the first time, returning to towing after a break, towing larger trailers and refreshing and formalising skills if they already regularly tow. The DVSA is recognising expert organisations who are approving the individual trainers joining the scheme. They must all follow the learning to drive a car and trailer syllabus, which the DVSA has developed with industry experts. READ MORE: Ten future classics set to soar in value  Baroness Vere, Minister for Roads, Buses and Places, heralded the scheme and the benefits it will have for drivers. She said: “Towing safely is an important issue and I urge drivers to access the training to help keep Britain’s roads safe. “The new accreditation scheme will help them to get targeted training and improve their driving skills. “I want to thank the trailer training industry, stakeholders and our partners for their commitment and support in developing this training scheme over the last few months.” DON'T MISSTesla owners warned their cars can be unlocked and driven away [WARNING]Driver loses £7,000 car after buying it on Facebook [SHOCKING]Cyclists told to ignore dedicated cycle lanes and ride in the road [CONTROVERSIAL]  Drivers can take training that will teach them how to tow large trailers and small trailers which have a maximum authorised mass of under 750kg. This will also include specific types of trailers like caravans or horse boxes. Training providers and courses can be contacted through the National Register of LGV Instructors, Safe Towing Scheme or Skills for Logistics. Motorists are advised to check with the trainer to find out what type of training they specialise in and how much the training costs.  Mark Winn, Chief Driving Examiner at the DVSA, said it was “vital” for drivers to get involved with the course, especially before the summer. He continued, saying: “With the summer holidays fast approaching, we know many families will be looking to tow a trailer or caravan so it’s vital you have the skills to do this safely. “We’d encourage anyone who plans to tow something, whether it’s a caravan on holiday, or a trailer to the tip, to get training from an accredited provider. “They will be able to make sure you have the skills and knowledge to keep everyone on Britain’s roads safe.”  The Government scrapped the B+E test in late 2021, but is now encouraging drivers to receive professional training prior to towing for the first time, as well as refreshing their skills. From December 16, 2021, all drivers who passed their car driving test from January 1, 1997, could now tow trailers up to 3,500kg MAM. The DVLA will automatically update driving licence records to show that they are allowed to tow trailers. The category BE will be added to a driving licence when they next apply to get a new driving licence.