Arsenal have identified Sparta Prague forward Adam Hlozek as a potential replacement for Eddie Nketiah, according to reports. If the academy graduate does not sign a new contract at the Emirates, the Gunners will look to sign Hlozek as a backup striker as well as bringing in a first-choice player for that position. Nketiah's contract at Arsenal expires at the end of next month. He has rejected all offers of a renewal so far. The England under-21 record goalscorer has often stated his desire to play regular first-team football. He had not started a Premier League match this season until the 1-0 loss to Southampton on April 16. However, Nketiah then started the following seven matches, scoring five goals in the process. The Athletic claims Arsenal are slightly more hopeful now that he will put pen to paper on a new deal. READ MORE: Liverpool have Thiago injury 'belief' but one player already confirmed to miss Real Madrid  But if he doesn't, Hlozek will be high on their list of targets. Arsenal's prime striker target this summer remains Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus. But they will look for a player 'earlier in their development' if Nketiah does not stay, and Hlozek fits the bill. However, the same report says Bayer Leverkusen could pip the Gunners to the 19-year-old's signature if they do not get clarity over Nketiah's future soon. Arsenal are said to be strong admirers of Hlozek. The teenager scored 11 goals for Sparta Prague this season and also netted his first international goal for Czech Republic in a win over Belarus last October. He came through the academy at Sparta and has already made over 100 league appearances for the club since making his debut as a 16-year-old in 2018. Signing a striker is set to be Arsenal's priority this summer. DON'T MISSLiverpool have four alternatives if Aurelien Tchouameni snubs Reds to join Real Madrid [TRANSFERS]Man City star Raheem Sterling has already made feelings clear on Real Madrid transfer [TRANSFERS]Man Utd 'had angry half-time bust-up' at Liverpool involving Phil Jones and Harry Maguire [REPORT]  Alexandre Lacazette has likely played his final game for the club. Lacazette's contract also expires next month and he is not expected to sign a new one. The Gunners are still hopeful of luring Jesus from City as a direct replacement for Lacazette. Jesus could be available due to his deal at City heading into its final 12 months. Nketiah would likely be the second-choice forward to Jesus if he were to stay in north London. Folarin Balogun is also set to return from his loan at Middlesbrough but scored just three goals for the Championship side.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here