The Gogglebox cast struggled to watch the squeamish scene during the latest episode of the Channel 4 programme, with several stars having to cover their eyes with their hands. Many viewers also found it difficult to watch the graphic scene, with some feeling the show has been "ruined" by "grotesque" nudity. During the episode, the cast watched a Discovery Channel programme called This Came Out of Me. Gogglebox star Marcus Luther told his partner Mica Ven: "You are not going to like this, you are way too squeamish for this." When Georgia Bell asked her co-star Abbie Lynn if she was excited to see the show she replied: "Do you know what, it sounds disgusting but I cannot wait." Mary Killen joked to her husband Giles: "I am looking forward to this as long as it is not of somebody putting a melon into their bottom." READ MORE: ThisMorning guest breaks down over heartbreaking dognap The series takes viewers behind the scenes at extreme medical emergencies. For the episode shown on Gogglebox, a patient called John was rushed to hospital with a painfully swollen penis which needed to be drained of fluid. Many of the cast found it too difficult to watch a clip of the procedure without covering their eyes and fans were left unimpressed with the graphic segment. The patient's intimate area was blurred out, but viewers still took to Twitter to complain about the clip.  Tina fumed: "#Gogglebox Noooo..I’m just about to eat a sandwich…." (sic) Tracy Greaves raged: "#Gogglebox ruining it every week to show grotesque nudity." @OmoladeBadmus21 added: "#Gogglebox Oh hell no, I don't want to see that." Uzoamaka quipped: "How many men are crossing their legs on here? #Gogglebox" DON'T MISS...Gogglebox sparks further uproar over X-rated scene [REACTION]Gogglebox's Jane Minty discloses day job away from hit Channel 4 show [LATEST]Gogglebox faces backlash from viewers for 'promoting' Piers Morgan [UPDATE] However, Louise was not hindered by the footage, adding: "Why the f**k is #Gogglebox fuzzing the screen? I want to see what they are seeing." In other parts of the episode, the cast reacted to Susanna Reid's interview with Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Abbie spoke about her new job. The Channel 4 star revealed she has been working in credit control since 2019. "Last week at work I won employee of the month and I'm on LinkedIn," she told her co-star Georgia. "Do you want to know what they wrote?"  She continued: "Abbie joined us in 2019 as a credit control apprentice and progressed to credit control clerk. How posh does that sound?" Georgia was thrilled for her best friend but admitted she did not know what the business platform Linkedin was or what a clerk was. The two women, who have starred on Gogglebox since 2018, have become well-loved by viewers for their ditzy remarks. New episodes of Gogglebox air on Fridays at 9pm on Channel 4. 