 The Queen hosted an evening for the then President of the United States and First Lady, Barack Obama and Michelle Obama in 2011. Tom Hanks was in attendance and the Oscar-winning actor has revealed the surprising fact he learnt about the monarch during an appearance on The One Show.     Host Emma Willis began: “Big week for us in the UK as you’ll probably know it’s the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. “Tom, I believe you have actually had dinner with the Queen.” Tom, who was promoting his latest movie Elvis, explained: “I sat next to the Queen closer than Austin and some lady in a lovely tiara was right next to me. “I was dressed up very nicely. The chit chat with the Queen is something you’ve got to get ready for. Read more: Benedict Cumberbatch shuts down Jermaine in Doctor Strange probe    “I knew I was going to be sitting next to her so I wanted to be able to talk about things that were of [importance] but not presumptuous. “So a few things like how often she truly has time off, it was nice chit chat, it was okay.” He continued: “And then out of the corner of my eye I saw this white-gloved hand just put between me and Her Royal Majesty this glass of water. “That’s all it was. A white glove and a glass of water.”     “But it wasn’t in a water glass,” the Hollywood actor added. “It was a clear liquid and so I dared to ask the Queen, ‘And what is your majesty’s cocktail of choice?’” “She said, ‘Ooh martini!’” Tom revealed as The One Show studio erupted into laughter. The actor added: “She had the one, that’s what she nursed throughout the night. DON'T MISSRicky Gervais shares concerns saying 'going to die soon' [INTERVIEW]Ricky Gervais defends 'taboo' jokes in Netflix series [VIDEO]Silent Witness star details 'emotional' conversation with Amanda Burto [INSIGHT]  “She’s had a wonderful reign so maybe if I want to polish up my game a little bit I’ll start having martinis.” The One Show viewers were thrilled to see the Oscar-winning actor on the BBC programme. @Cogs39 tweeted: “Tom Hanks. What an absolute gent #TheOneShow @BBCTheOneShow.” @Overfiftyfitnes added: “Tom Hanks is on #TheOneShow. I love Tom Hanks. That's it.”     @RobertM91709816 wrote: “Tom Hanks. What a star. #TheOneShow.” “Tom Hanks seems like the nicest man in Hollywood #TheOneShow,” @IckieBickie said. @FabBuxy shared: “Tom Hanks @tomhanks reveals HM Queen Elizabeth II drink of choice #Martini it’s mine too @RoyalFamily @BBCOne #TheOneShow.” The One Show airs on BBC One on weekdays at 7pm.   