Barcelona manager Xavi Hernandez has claimed Erling Haaland is moving to Manchester City “primarily for financial reasons”. Haaland is expected to be officially unveiled as a City player this week after his transfer from Borussia Dortmund reached its final stages and Xavi has questioned the motivation behind the youngster’s choice.    Haaland had his pick of clubs this summer due to his fantastic goal scoring record and the £63million (€75m) release clause in his Dortmund contract. The 21-year-old striker held talks with Barcelona and Real Madrid, among others, before deciding to join Pep Guardiola’s side in Manchester. He has reportedly passed his medical exams and has flown back to Dortmund ahead of an official announcement in the near future. The signing will represent a coup for City, who failed to land Harry Kane from Tottenham last summer following Sergio Aguero’s exit. The Daily Mail reported in March that City had attracted Haaland by promising to make him the Premier League’s highest earner on £500,000 per week. It is those figures which Xavi made reference to when discussing the transfer on Monday. JUST IN: Tottenham could stand in the way of Raheem Sterling to Arsenal deal  “I will not disrespect other projects,” he said. “We don’t have the only valid project. There are many other successful ones, including City. They have titles and great results and they are great competitors. However, in the end, if the move happens, it would be primarily for financial reasons. I have no doubt about that.”  As well as financial factors, Haaland has a personal reason for choosing City, having grown up in England while his father, Alf-Inge Haaland, played for Leeds and Manchester City. His dad turned out for City between 2000 and 2003 before moving back to Norway, but Haaland has been pictured in City shirts before and is said to be a fan of the club. DON'T MISS Liverpool 'tracking' prolific Benfica wonderkid but face two hurdles Chelsea have final say on Azpilicueta's future despite £11m agreement Man Utd set for huge boost as Xavi plans to 'clone' Guardiola tactic Whatever his true motivation for the move, City are getting a prolific goal scorer. The Norwegian striker has scored 28 goals in 28 appearances for Dortmund this season and has a staggering 85 strikes and 23 assists in 87 matches altogether for the German side. With Gabriel Jesus the only other senior centre-forward at the club, Haaland will immediately become the team’s focal point in attack. Super agent Mino Raiola had been involved in negotiating Haaland’s move to City before his death aged 54 last month. His associates have taken over the process. 