Manchester United reportedly want Erik ten Hag to decide on the likes of Marcus Rashford, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Eric Bailly as he prepares to take charge of the team. The Dutchman recently held a meeting with the Red Devils in Amsterdam. And Frenkie de Jong is one player the 52-year-old wants to sign as he looks to make his mark in the Premier League. Ten Hag was confirmed as United’s new boss last month, with the Ajax winner poised to take charge of the team from next season. He recently held talks with the Red Devils hierarchy ahead of his move to the Premier League, with several matters discussed. And Fabrizio Romano, writing for CaughtOffside, has claimed the United board want Ten Hag to make decisions on Rashford, Wan-Bissaka and Bailly as he prepares for a new adventure. “Erik ten Hag had a meeting with part of the Manchester United board last week, this is confirmed,” Romano said. “It happened in Amsterdam, and now he’s planning to fly to England this week to begin internal discussions but Ralf Rangnick will be in charge for United’s last game vs Crystal Palace. “In the meeting, there was talk of players already in the club, potential new signings and contracts, but also the backroom staff which will include Mitchell van der Gaag as requested by ten Hag. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “Manchester United want a decision from ten Hag soon over Eric Bailly, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and also Marcus Rashford, while Frenkie de Jong is certainly a name that has been discussed internally.” On De Jong, he then added: “De Jong has been on Ten Hag’s list for some time. “They worked well together at Ajax, and the manager loves Frenkie, but the player’s priority is to play Champions League football next season. “It won’t be easy for United either because Barcelona want at least €80-85m to sell De Jong, Xavi will do everything to keep him but it will depend on the financial situation of the club. “We know there have been issues there recently, so that could mean further sales after Philippe Coutinho’s loan to Aston Villa was made permanent. “We are still at the early stages, so keep an eye out.” DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Ten Hag is eager to hit the ground running at United. And Wan-Bissaka, Rashford and Bailly have all endured troublesome campaigns prior to the Dutchman’s arrival. Wan-Bissaka has fallen behind Diogo Dalot in the pecking order this term under Ralf Rangnick, having previously been a regular under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Bailly penned a new deal last year but the Ivory Coast international has barely played since. And Rashford has fallen out of favour, too, with Anthony Elanga often picked over the England international at present. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Regarding De Jong, it seems his priority is to play Champions League football next term. Barcelona may let him go, however, if they receive an offer they can’t refuse. And United are certainly in the mix to secure his signature, with the club primed to lose at least two central midfielders. Nemanja Matic has already confirmed he’ll be on the move, with Jose Mourinho keen on a reunion at Roma. And Paul Pogba is unlikely to sign a new deal amid interest from Juventus, Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid and Manchester City. Ten Hag, meanwhile, has suggested that he wants to keep Cristiano Ronaldo at the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ronaldo has scored 24 goals across all competitions, more than any other player on the books at Old Trafford. And Ten Hag has hailed the veteran by saying: “The detailed analysis still has to begin, I still have to work with the team, but let me be clear that at United there are a lot of good players around. “We have to make them function as a team but definitely Ronaldo, he is a giant. “Ronaldo is a giant, because of what he's already shown and I think he's still very ambitious. “Of course I would like to keep him. He's been very important to Manchester United this year and can produce great statistics."