Antonio Conte was delighted with his Tottenham players after they beat Arsenal 3-0 at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on Thursday evening. As their bitter rivals sank without trace, Conte praised the fans for their role in the derby day victory and challenged them to do the same again when Burnley visit north London on Sunday afternoon, claiming there 'are no easy games' in the Premier League. Spurs ran out 3-0 winners against their bitter rivals to close the gap for Champions League qualification with just two games remaining. With favourable games against Burnley and already-relegated Norwich remaining, Conte will be looking to pick up maximum points to make the Gunners sweat before the end of the season. His entire team played out of their skin as they showed no remorse in punishing a team that were feeble and vulnerable to conceding every time Spurs pressed forward. And the Italian was delighted with the performance on offer that had songs ringing around the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium from start to finish. "It was amazing," Conte said to Sky Sports after the rout. "For this reason, we must thank the fans because they were incredible from the start until the end and they pushed us a lot. I think we repaid them with a good win because we won an important derby, and now because we are close to them [Arsenal] in the table. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings "There is only one point and two games to go, and for sure we needed to recover very well because we are going to play on Sunday. Our fans, they are going to play an important role on Sunday. We need to go altogether. We are very close to reaching an important target for us. There are no easy games for us." Son scored his 21st league goal of the season to go just one behind Mohamed Salah in the race for the Premier League Golden Boot. With the teams sat in 17th and 20th left to play for Tottenham, the South Korean will be licking his lips at extending his tally before the season comes to a close a week on Sunday. However, he was disappointed at being hauled off with such a monumental award being on offer with little time remaining. "Obviously I want to play always, what can I say? The manager's decision, I have to accept it," Son told Sky Sports. "He said we have an important game Sunday, that's why. It's not a big deal. I'm not angry, just disappointed because I came off. I move on, and Sunday's another game. "I just wanted to keep playing, I just wanted to continue to play. We have an important game on Sunday and I have to be ready, to recover and be fresh again to help the team."