When the grass doesn’t have enough moisture, it ends up turning yellow or brown. This is often recognisable after the lawn is mowed. To prevent this, experts at the UK’s oldest lawn seed specialist, Johnsons Lawn Seed, have shared an “action plan” which gardeners should adopt now if they want to keep their lawns in “tip top condition”. The experts said: “Water wisely. Turning the hose or sprinkler on established lawns is a waste of time and money. “A hose can guzzle up to 1,000 litres an hour, putting pressure on drinking water supplies during hot weather and running up hefty bills where water meters are fitted. “The exception to the rule is newly established lawns, such as grass sown in spring, which may need irrigating in dry conditions. “If possible, use rainwater collected in water butts, and water at dusk, when the risk of evaporation is lowest, and moisture can seep down into the root system during cooler temperatures overnight.” READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ The lawn experts also recommended raising the height of the lawnmower’s blades before cutting. They explained: “It’s always tempting to achieve a manicured finish in high summer, but cutting lawns too low can weaken grass plants, leaving lawns more susceptible to drought.” Temporarily raising the height of the cut during hot weather can help reduce the stress on grass. It can also help to encourage plants to put down deeper roots in search of moisture. DON'T MISS:Easy way to identify your soil type to create a 'healthy' garden [EXPLAINER]Easy ways to get rid of garden pests including rats and caterpillars [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘magic’ product to remove mould in 'seconds' [COMMENT] Johnsons Lawn Seed experts continued: “Give your lawnmower a holiday. “Lawn lovers are inseparable from their mowers during high summer, often cutting once or twice a week. “Switching to fortnightly mowing, or less often if grass is barely growing, will further relieve pressure on parched turf.” Leaving a light dusting of lawn clipping across the lawn can also help to lock in moisture, acting as mulch. It is recommended to only remove the clippings when giving the lawn a light trim. The experts added: “Never leave heaps of clippings on the lawn as they’ll blanket the grass and can damage it.” While it is often recommended to feed the lawn, when the grass is “bone dry”, gardeners should hold fire on the fertiliser. Johnsons Lawn Seed experts explained: “Even if your lawn is in a sorry state, don’t be tempted to reach for fertiliser. “When soil is bone dry, essential water is not present to transport the nutrients down to the roots, where it’s needed. “In fact, applying some traditional fertilisers can result in scorch if put down in drought, making it even more of a false economy.” “For best results, hold dire during drought, then apply Johnsons Lawn Seed’s organic Super Smart Lawn Feed when normal weather conditions have reduced.” Other brands of lawn feed are also available, often available to purchase at garden centres.