Prince Harry and Meghan Markle could face a hostile reaction from public crowds at the Platinum Jubilee next week. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's visit to the UK marks the first time the pair have been back together for a public event since their departure in 2020. One Briton wrote to GB News this morning to claim that the couple was using the Jubilee to " top up their royal currency". Barry from North Yorkshire wrote: "Make no mistake, the only reason Harry and Meghan are over for the Jubilee is to top up their royal currency, which they can cash in with TV interviews, etc when they go home. "We don't want them here." This prompted the GB News morning host to ask royal biographer Angela Levin whether Harry and Meghan could face a "hostile" reaction from the British public. The host asked: "Are they trying to cash in on the Jubilee, and will there be hostilities from the Great British public towards Harry and Meghan?" JUST IN: Royal Family: Meghan braced for ex-husband to expose story  Ms Levin responded: "Well, the question is whether they will continue to use their royal status to make lots of money. "I hope they don't but they have let us down when Harry was here to see the Queen briefly before the Invictus Games. "He then almost immediately gave an interview to an American station and he was talking about the Queen and how she has to have the right people around her. "These conversations with the Queen are meant to be private.  "Will they be private as the new report suggests or will they go back and have another discussion with Oprah or someone else that they have another grievance?" This comes as a new report today suggested that the Duke and Duchess told the Queen they will keep a low profile and only stick to official engagements during the upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Meghan and Harry won't pay any "surprise" visit elsewhere that could overshadow the royal celebrations while they are in full swing, according to the Telegraph. DON'T MISS: Meghan's recent appearances spark claims that Sussexes are in trouble [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: 'No drama!' Sussexes offer olive branch to Queen [LIVE BLOG]Royal POLL: Is the Jubilee value for money? [POLL] They are widely expected to take part in the service of thanksgiving held at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3 and they are likely to attend other events open to the family. The monarch has "ordered the family to come together" to celebrate her historic milestone, and to do so with "no dramas" that could overshadow the main events. The trip also provides Harry and Meghan the chance to introduce in person their daughter Lilibet 'Lili' Diana to the Queen. The Queen is "looking forward" to being reunited with Archie and seeing Lilibet face-to-face for the first time, according to sources who spoke to the Daily Mail. She is likely to spend time with them privately on June 4, when Lilibet turns one.