Drivers on a motorway slip road were left stunned after a motorist drove the wrong way around a roundabout. The incident took place at junction eight roundabout for Chorley as cars approached the northbound entry slip road. The woman driving the wrong way had a green 'P' on her car, which indicates that she has recently passed her driving test. Dash Cam footage captured by a passing lorry driver, Lee Simmons, showed the motorist travelling against the direction of oncoming traffic. Mr Simmons said that the examiner that passed the driver’s test “should be sacked”. He added: "It was the dashcam from my work lorry. READ MORE: Car appears in the middle of the sea in Grimsby “I was in a Ruttle's lorry and beeped at her to stop. “I was going to jump out and help her to turn around but she just waved and didn't stop." The video was uploaded to social media and received hundreds of views. Several motorists also shared their opinions on the incident. DON'T MISS Motorists in a 'very difficult position' after red diesel ban [REVEAL] 'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' [INSIGHT] Motorists may save hundreds of pounds despite new laws [ADVICE] One user commented that the newly qualified driver made multiple mistakes in a short period of time. They said: “Instead of turning left towards Botany Bay she went right! “Could have been total carnage that." However, others leapt to the driver's defence. One person suggested that the driver may have gone wrong on the slip road. They said: "Given they're 'new pass' and may never have driven on the motorway, I'd guess they took wrong exit at roundabout, panicked and turned around on the slip road and then lost all bearings and went wrong way round the roundabout. “You only really start learning how to drive after you pass your test so hopefully she learned from it and got to where she was going safely." The news comes days after a Leeds traffic police officer had to run onto the motorway as he caught two drivers going in the wrong direction. PC Martin Willis, who was policing the major M621, had put out a road closure on the anti-clockwise carriageway at junction 2A Holbeck Moor, believing this would be enough to stop traffic. But then had to run back out to stop two men from driving down the lane. The West Yorkshire Police Highways Officer took to social media to vent his frustration, posting a video on his Twitter page of the incident. In the video, a car can be seen slowly pulling out into the entry road in a bid to cut through. PC Willis runs out and can be seen speaking to the driver through the window. While this is happening, a car can be seen travelling down the main M621 carriageway in the wrong direction, with the oncoming traffic having to shift out the way. PC Willis said to his Twitter followers: "Trying to put a closure on a motorway can at times be a bit tricky.... even when you've physically blocked the lanes with your vehicles and are directing traffic off and up a slip road. "However, it's not often you get vehicles then coming the wrong way down the slip road!"