Families were told tap water 'no longer meets' required standards and they should not drink it, cook with it, clean their teeth or let pets drink it. Neighbours scrambled for bottled water supplies and were told washing clothes, toilet flushing and bathing should still be fine. Residents were told bottled water would be delivered to their homes, but were later asked to attend collection points, reports Wales Online. Bosses at Ancala Water Services insisted "the risk of becoming ill from your tap water is low". Locals say they have been told that the issue will last one to two days, but no formal communication about when the water will be safe to drink has been received.   Ancala Water Services told the Welsh housing estate that the tap water failed to meet the standards required. Residents of St Athan, South Wales said they were informed not to use their water supply between 3pm and 4pm on Thursday, May 12th.  In a letter dated May 12th, Ancala Water Services wrote: " IMPORTANT: DO NOT DRINK OR COOK WITH TAP WATER SUPPLIED TO THIS BUILDING. "Routine sampling of the water supplied in your area has identified that it is not meeting the high standards required, until further notice, therefore, please follow the advice below:     "Whilst we work to resolve the issue we are providing you with bottled water, this will be delivered to your address. "The risk of becoming ill from your tap water is low. When we're satisfied that there is no further need for this precautionary measure, we'll contact you again to advise that you can use your water as normal. "If you require any further information regarding this, please contact our helpline on 08451292293 and they will put you in touch with a member of our team who can help you. "I'd like to apologise for this inconvenience and assure you that we're doing everything possible to resolve the situation as quickly as possible." One resident, Holly Darch spoke of the confusion as people lined the streets to receive their water supplies. She said: "The letter said we would receive the bottled water at our address, but then we found out via a Facebook post that we had to go to collection points. "We haven't been told what's wrong with the water as they are still investigating, but we only found out there was a problem this afternoon, so everyone has been using the water all day, which is worrying." Residents have been told to expect another delivery of bottled water at 10am on May 13th, but there is no formal indication of when they will be able to use their taps again. Ancala Water Services was contacted for comment.