Sources in the royal household have claimed that the Duke of York, 62, travels each day like clockwork from his home at Royal Lodge to where the Queen resides at Windsor Castle. One source told the Mirror that he visits the monarch, 96, to “make sure she is comfortable and looked after”. This comes after the prince reached a settlement with Virginia Roberts Giuffre back in March over the civil suit she had launched against the Duke in New York. The out-of-court payment was estimated to be £12million but was not an admission of guilt on the part of the Duke, who has always strenuously denied the allegations. During the court scandal, the Queen stripped her son of his HRH title, as well as his military roles and royal patronages. A royal source told The Mirror: “Andrew is doing all he can to make amends for the shame he brought on his family for being involved in such a scandal. “He wants to make it up to the Queen which is why he is doing all he can to see her as much as possible.” But the source said many of the senior Royal Family members do not look upon the disgraced prince as favourably as the monarch. The source added: “The rest of the family, apart from Her Majesty, are united in feeling that he should stay out of the limelight and keep quiet having left such a stain on the family.” Prince Andrew will likely be sidelined from high-profile celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, after the Palace confirmed only active royals will appear in one of the most prominent engagements of the Jubilee weekend. READ MORE: Sussexes face US backlash as 'Californians have no idea who they are' The Trooping the Colour parade, marking the Queen’s official birthday, will take place on June 2. But Prince Andrew, who has stepped back from the royal spotlight following the sex abuse allegations, will not stand with other Royal Family members on the Buckingham Palace balcony. A Palace statement confirmed that only "members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties" will take their place on the balcony. A royal insider claimed: Although he has clearly been hurt by being cast aside for the Jubilee celebrations, he has been exceedingly chipper of late and appears completely intent on being on hand for his mum while showing the family he is still of some use. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William 'nightmare' for Harry and Meghan [LIVE] Princess Beatrice 'lovely' in floral dress at Chelsea Flower Show [REACTION] Meghan was ‘moved to take centre stage’ at polo with Harry - pictures [PICTURES] “He has been a regular daily visitor to the Castle and often pops in to see the Queen before he goes out riding for the day, taking full advantage of the incredible facilities. “The Duke sometimes stays after his ride and dines with the Queen.” Prince Andrew has thrown himself into horseriding in the wake of the civil case against him, which a royal expert has claimed is “all he can do now”. Princess Diana biographer, Tina Brown, told the Telegraph: “Andrew used to absolutely hate riding by the way.” She added: “But he’s doing a lot of it at the moment because the only person who’ll talk to him is the horse!” Ms Brown described how the scandal around Prince Andrew had proved “deeply distressing” to the Queen, commenting: “It’s utterly grotesque, the whole Andrew business.” She continued: “Frankly, if your children can kill you hers will. “Here is this remarkable, elderly woman who is summoning all her strength to get through her Platinum Jubilee and then this bucket of sleaze empties over her family.”