The Secretary of State for Transport discussed the latest Partygate scandal photos of Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Mr Shapps said the pictures of the Prime Minister toasting during a leavers event in No.10 were 'disappointing.' There has been much political outrage over the choice not to fine Mr Johnson for his alleged rule breaks during the lockdowns. Mr Shapps speculated on why no additional fine was not given to the Prime Minister, claiming he was probably in and out of the leaving drinks event in No.10.  BBC presenter Mishal Hussein said: "Will the Prime Minister now be explaining why he told the House that there was no party on that date?" Mr Shapps told the BBC's Today Programme host: "Look first of all I've seen these pictures just as you have in the last twenty-four hours and I think they're disappointing. "It makes me angry to see them, because as I've mentioned to you on your programme before, I couldn't see my own dad during the lockdowns, for a four-month period whilst he was in the hospital. “And we thought we’d lost him, so I completely get why people feel as they do, myself included. JUST IN: ‘Stupid idiots with no sense of history’ Union Jack row erupts over Jubilee displays     Mr Shapps added: “We know the police have spent a lot of time looking at this and you ask about the Prime Minister and Parliament, it looks to me that he was asked to go and thank a member of staff who was leaving. "He raises a glass to them and I imagine comes in and out, pretty quick. “Which is presumably why the police have not issued a fixed penalty notice to the Prime Minister for that.” Many MPs have been criticising the Prime Minister over the newly released photos of him and Lee Cain's leaving party in Downing Street. READ MORE: Prince Andrew spotted grinning from ear to ear after Queen agrees return to royal fold     The Met has been called by some MPs to give an explanation into why they chose not to fine Mr Johnson for attending Lee Cain's leaving party. Sue Gray is expected to release her own report in the next few days, after a lengthy investigation. Deputy Leader of the Labour Party Angela Rayner has been highly awaiting the report. Ms Rayner tweeted: "The Government promised to publish the Sue Gray Report “as received” and “as soon as possible”. "The full report - and all the evidence - must be published without delay. Anything less will amount to a further cover-up from this deceitful, untrustworthy PM." DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle's peck with Prince Harry shows much more 'dominant' Duchess [BODY LANGUAGE]Brexit: UK to OVERRIDE parts of hated deal within weeks - EU told to 'see logic' [ANALYSIS]Zelensky frustrated as US still 'a ways away' from sending troops back to Ukraine [WORLD] Mr Shapps discussed why he speculated such a fine was not given to the Prime Minister, claiming he was probably in and out of the leaving drinks event in No.10. At the time of the photos of Mr Johnson, the Covid rules would have prohibited the types of gatherings he attended. At the time of the lockdown Britons were not allowed to mix with more than two people from other households. A No 10 spokeswoman said: "The Cabinet Office and the Met Police have had access to all information relevant to their investigations, including photographs. "The Met have concluded their investigation and Sue Gray will publish her report in the coming days, at which point the Prime Minister will address Parliament in full." 