Today, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge is expected to host a Garden Party at Buckingham Palace. It is a tradition for the Queen to host three garden parties a year at thr Palace and one at Holyrood House in Scotland, but due to ongoing mobility issues she will not be hosting them this year. With Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall in Canada, Kate and other members of the Royal Family are standing in. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge celebrated their 11th anniversary last month, slightly more than a decade that has been filled with everything from drama, death and isolation. While their relationship today appears unbreakable, Katie Nicholl, author ‘The Making of a Royal Romance’, previously claimed that things were not always so, with the Duchess having “pushed William into a corner” to commit to what they had. She told the 2011 documentary, ‘William and Kate: Into The Future’: “I think Kate pushed him into a corner. I think she wanted some more commitment. “William was very hard at work in the military and was very busy. He had exams, training — he was very involved with his military commitments. “At the same time, it had been increasingly difficult for them to spend time together. “William would spend Monday to Fridays at the barracks in Bovington, so his time was completely taken up with military commitments. “And at the weekends, he ended up staying up with his new army pals. He didn’t want to come back to London every weekend.” Andrew Morton, author of ‘Diana: Her True Story’, added: “Catherine wanted more commitment from him. He wouldn’t give it. They split up. “She did what girls that have been jilted have done for centuries — she put on a brave face, went out and had fun. “She seemed like she didn’t have a care in the world.” Their split did not last long as William soon realised that he missed Kate and their relationship. April 2008, a year after their split, marked the first time that Kate had attended a high profile public event with the prince. Along with members of his close family, she watched as William received his RAF wings (marking him as a qualified pilot) at a ceremony in Cranwell, definitively proving that all was well once again in the relationship. Just over two years later, the couple moved into their first home together, a cottage close to William's RAF base in Anglesey, where they would remain for the next three years. The duke and duchess got engaged in 2010 and married a year later in a spectacular 2011 wedding. They have since become integral members of the Royal Family, particularly as the pair have taken on more responsibilities since the stepping down of Prince Andrew, departure of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, death of Prince Philip and recent concerns surrounding the Queen’s health.  The couple are often described as the “future of the monarchy”, and are expected to become more involved within the Firm once Charles ascends the throne. William recently accompanied his father to the Opening of State Parliament, and the Duke presented new colours to the Irish Guards for the first time on Tuesday as the regiment prepared for a lead role in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Meanwhile, Kate has taken on more solo engagements as she carves out her individual role within the Royal Family. Recent Jubilee announcements suggest that the Cambridges are preparing for their new roles. Buckingham Palace has announced that over the Platinum Jubilee weekend senior royals will be touring the UK — Princess Anne is set to visit Scotland, while Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex will be heading to Northern Ireland.  Meanwhile, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be travelling to Wales and it is thought Prince Charles and Duchess Camilla could attend events in London. The decision that William and Kate will go to Wales could be seen as particularly significant in light of their royal futures.  When Charles becomes king, it is expected that his eldest son, William, will take on his ‘Prince of Wales’ title, while Kate will be named ‘Princess of Wales’ — a title most recently held by Princess Diana. It is not yet known exactly when the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be undertaking their Jubilee trip to Wales and where they might visit. However, for at least some of the Jubilee weekend they will be in the capital for their highly-anticipated appearance on Buckingham Palace balcony alongside the Queen.