Spring has sprung in the UK, if recent weather is anything to go by, as the bank holiday weekend has seen temperatures consistently sunny and closing in on 20C. Many people have opted to spend their additional day off outdoors and tending to their gardens, which are now mostly thawed out following winter. Some untamed greenery will need pruning back to reach its full potential over the next few months. Several types of shrub require pruning in the spring months. Gardeners can trim lavender and its fellow tender shrubs such as cistus and rosemary, which also needs pruning in autumn and winter. Winter will leave many of them with older stems as a form of protection from the harsher conditions that, in spring, can stunt plant growth. READ MORE: How long does grass seed take to grow? 4 ways to speed it up As the name suggests, gardeners should do the same with spring-flowering shrubs. Plants like forsythia and weigela need to be kept in check when they flower around May. Summer flowering shrubs will need the same treatment to encourage new growth. Among plants in this category are garden favourites fuchsia and buddleja. Herbaceous perennials include plants like thistles and usually grow over a year, dying in the winter. The perennials usually appear again en masse in the springtime. When they emerge in the warmer months, they tend to grow quickly and require trimming with secateurs to remove seeds, stems and dead leaves they haven't shed since winter. DON'T MISSHow to upcycle garden furniture: Six top tips to refresh your garden - EXPLAINER‘Easily’ kill crabgrass on your lawn and stop it returning next year - INSIGHTWhen to plant bulbs: Simple test to check if your bulbs will flower - ANALYSIS Some plants will grow more vibrant-coloured stems during the winter months. Dogwoods are best known for their blazing red appearance, earning the Cornus Sanguinea the "midwinter fire" moniker. People can encourage the colourful growth in spring by giving the plants an extensive prune. Garden grasses like Miscanthus tend to tread the same path as herbaceous perennials and die off in winter. New stems will push up the older, dried growth in spring. The leftover growth will need removal so the plants can grow a healthy green in the spring.