A poll of 2,000 adults commissioned by Green Flag showed eight percent of people live on a road hosting a council-approved street party over the four-day bank holiday weekend. The firm said the results suggest access to 133,000 roads could be restricted at some point over the long weekend running from June 2-5. A Government map of street parties shows there are at least 2,579 events due to take place as the country marks the Queen's historic, 70 year-long reign. Friday, June 3 is expected to be the most popular day for street parties, representing 35 percent of those planned, according to Green Flag's analysis. Green Flag estimated five million people will embark on a holiday or day trip over the bank holiday period. It warned the parties "could cause havoc for drivers".  The company's commercial director, Mark Newberry, said: "The extra day off means many of us will be planning trips away to make the most of the four-day weekend. "We want to ensure everyone can enjoy the celebrations without any added stress or complications, so we're urging drivers to check their route for any road closures and be aware of any obstructions or pedestrians that may be in the street. "Drivers should make sure they are road trip ready by thoroughly checking their vehicle before setting off, and preparing themselves in case a breakdown does happen." A series of events are planned to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, beginning with the Queen's Birthday Parade which will see members of the royal family ride on horseback to Horse Guards Parade.  READ MORE ABOUT KATE'S FAVOURITE TAKEAWAY More than 1,400 parading soldiers, 200 horses and 400 musicians will join the parade, starting from Buckingham Palace. Ahead of the bank holiday weekend, the Royal Family's Platinum Jubilee emoji was unveiled on Thursday. A crown-wearing corgi named PJ, the cartoon image of the Queen's favourite breed of dog appeared on the monarchy's official Twitter account with the message: "Meet PJ the corgi, our Jubilee emoji!" The monarch has owned more than 30 corgis during her reign, most of which have been descendants of her first corgi, Susan, who was given to her on her 18th birthday in 1944.   DON'T MISS: Fury over plan to build huge Berlin Wall-style fence next to main road [REVEALED] UK immigration SURGE: Visas now staggering 145% HIGHER than 2021 [LATEST] Top doctor saw private patients while signed off sick from NHS [REPORT] She currently has three dogs: a corgi-dachshund cross called Candy and two corgi puppies, Muick and Sandy. The Queen's senior dresser, Angela Kelly, revealed the puppies were a constant source of joy for the monarch during lockdown. A pack of mischievous puppet corgis are to feature in the Jubilee Pageant in the finale of the bank holiday celebrations. Appearing in a special segment entitled the Queen's Favourites, the event will also include representations of the Queen's beloved childhood pony Peggy and favourite horses, including Royal Ascot Gold Cup winner Estimate.  Here is the rundown of what will happen as the nation pays tribute to the Queen's 70 years as sovereign. Thursday June 2 10am - The Queen's Birthday Parade - Trooping the Colour - begins. 10.30am - Members of the royal family leave Buckingham Palace for the parade ground. The military spectacle will be followed by a balcony appearance by the Queen, it is hoped, plus key royals including the Cambridge children, to watch a special flypast. 9.25pm - Members of the royal family arrive to watch the lighting of the principal beacon at the palace - a 21-metre tall Tree of Trees sculpture. More than 3,000 beacons are being lit across the UK and the Commonwealth.  Friday June 3 11am - The royal family begin to arrive at the service of thanksgiving in St Paul's Cathedral. 12.25pm - Members of the royal family afterwards attend a Guildhall reception hosted by the Lord Mayor. Saturday June 4 5.30pm - The Epsom Derby race takes place. The Queen and her family are expected to head to the racecourse on Derby Day, where the monarch is due to be greeted with a guard of honour made of up to 40 of her past and present jockeys. 7.40pm - Members of the royal family arrive at the BBC's Platinum Party at the Palace concert. 8pm-10.30pm - The open-air concert in front of the palace, featuring stars including Queen + Adam Lambert, Alicia Keys, Duran Duran and Diana Ross, is broadcast live on BBC One.  Sunday June 5 Street parties and Big Jubilee Lunches are staged across the country 2.30pm-5pm - The Jubilee Pageant takes place in central London, with a 3km carnival procession featuring a cast of thousands including puppets and celebrities and tributes to the seven decades of the Queen's reign. It will move down The Mall and past the palace. 