Aston Martin star Sebastian Vettel chased down robbers in Barcelona after they stole a backpack from his car, according to reports. The German was caught up in the unsavoury incident on Monday, the day after the Spanish Grand Prix where he finished just outside the points in P11. Vettel and his family may have been expecting some down time after a sweltering weekend of F1 action, but El Periodico claim that robbers stole a backpack from his car on Monday. The German was driving an Aston Martin in Barcelona, and when he got out for a brief moment thieves reportedly pounced on an opportunity to steal his backpack. The four-time world champion supposedly realised that a pair of headphones within the bag contained a tracking device, which he was able to tap into via his mobile phone. Vettel went to the location on an electric scooter against the advice of Catalan police. DON'T MISS: F1 bosses 'looking to pull away from FIA' amid ongoing Lewis Hamilton row  Local law enforcement, known as Mossos d'Esquadra, tried and failed to convince Vettel to file a complaint at the police station instead. Eventually the GPS led them to a shop where the headphones were found inside a vase of flowers, seemingly dumped by the robbers. Police are still on the lookout for the thieves, who have hold of Vettel's 'personal documents'. It signals a bitter end to what was otherwise a fairly promising weekend for the Aston Martin man, who finished four places ahead of team-mate Lance Stroll at Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya.  Even so, his own assessment of the weekend was a brutal one, pointing out that his Aston Martin was trundling along at 'Formula 2 pace' during the Grand Prix.  "It was hot in the car," he said, per GP Fans. "With 11th we are not taking any points which was the target. "I think for everybody the car felt poor because it was so hot and so slippery with the tyres and we were going so slow. We were doing Formula 2 qualifying pace in the race, but we managed the tyres better than most. There's still a lot of work to do with this new package. We knew it wouldn't be a massive step forward right away, but we believe it's the better direction for the future."  The German dismissed claims that Aston Martin's recent package of upgrades were 'controversial' when pressed on the matter this weekend. Red Bull have launched an internal investigation into the striking similarities to their own car. "Why is it controversial?" he responded. "Who says that? I think Red Bull says that, but not really other people." 