Motsi Mabuse, 41, took to social media on Tuesday morning to express her frustration that her sister Oti Mabuse, 31, had failed to return her calls. She wasn’t pleased with her other sister Phemelo either. The Strictly star posted a tweet in view of her 73,000 followers, asking her followers if they could relate. The dancer wrote, on the micro-blogging site: “Do you guys know that feeling when your sisters say I will call you back and it ends up being never lol , just saying @OtiMabuse @phemelomosadi.” Motsi tagged her sisters Oti and Phemelo in her tongue-in-cheek post. She also added a hilarious gif of Sandra Oh, saying: “Today? Tomorrow? In 50 years?” in a joking reference to Motsi wondering how long it might take her sisters to call her back. The 41-year-old asked her many followers if they could relate. In February, younger sister Oti opened up about the “backlash” she had faced as a figure in the public eye. READ MORE: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes The former Strictly favourite spoke out about being targeted by online trolls. In a recent interview, she said she was learning not to let the comments get to her. She said: "I've faced some backlash while performing on the show. "I've never really spoken about it because I’ve tried for so long to think about it this way: I work on a show that ten million people love; if ten or 100 people aren’t nice to me, that is not representative of everyone else’s view." The two-time Strictly champion told Radio Times: “It’s taken years for me to get that into my head. “To get tweeted or receive a message in my inbox being racially abusive, or fat-shaming me, is horrible. “But it’s written by a person who can’t even face themselves in the mirror.” Motsi has also spoken about how she has received racist abuse during her time as a dancer. The Strictly judge grew up in South Africa during Apartheid. DON'T MISS: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes[INSIGHT]Rebekah Vardy was 'more interested in taking selfies' than football[LATEST]Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video[NEWS] She said: “When it came to competitions against white children, I was made to feel unwelcome in the beginning. “I didn't fit in, I didn't have the right costumes because we couldn't afford them.” “There were structures in place to make sure the black dancers would never win.” She later moved to Germany, where she joined the cast of the German version of Strictly and finished in fifth and sixth place across two series. Motsi was invited to become a judge on the British show from 2019. In March, Oti announced her decision to leave Strictly after seven years. She is now hosting new ITV series Romeo & Duet. 