Buyer demand for properties continues to drive up house prices in the UK, with a 58 percent increase in demand in the four weeks to April 24, 2022, compared with the five-year average. As a result, according to the latest UK House Price Index from Zoopla, UK house price growth has hit a "near 15-year high". However, costs have risen at a more dramatic rate in some regions compared to others. Though London continues to be the most expensive place to buy a property, house price growth has not surged as drastically there as in other parts of the UK. In fact, Zoopla described annual house price growth in the capital as "modest", up just 3.6 percent. Comparatively, it is some of the "most affordable markets" which are seeing "the sharpest growth in house prices". READ MORE: Stamp duty shock as house prices in UK rocket Wales is currently leading the way when it comes to rising property costs. The Zoopla House Price Index reported: "Prices in the principality are up +12.1 percent on the year." Swansea in Wales registered growth of +11 percent in the year to March. Price growth in the South West is also in double digits, at +10.6 percent. DON'T MISSCleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [COMMENT]When to plant bulbs: Simple test to check if your bulbs will flower [INSIGHT]How to clean microfiber- best way to clean your sofa, pillows and more [EXPLAINER] Zoopla said: "Although this is a less affordable market compared to the UK average, the appeal of rural and coastal living has super-charged buyer demand in the two years since the start of the pandemic, driving up prices." In London, the average price for flats has risen by just two percent since the beginning of the pandemic. The potential value of this market is now leading the way for sellers in the capital. Elsewhere in the country, according to Zoopla, the "strongest price growth over the last year across the UK’s major cities has been in Liverpool". Liverpool has seen a growth of 10.1 percent. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Nottingham and Manchester are close behind with a house price growth of 9.8 percent and 9.5 percent respectively. Warrington (+12.3 percent), Wigan (+12.2 percent) and Rochdale (+11.8 percent) in the North have also seen double-digit growth. In the south of England, Hastings and Plymouth have recorded double-digit growth. House prices in Hastings are up 10.6 percent, while in Plymouth they are up 10.1 percent.