The Apprentice has recently concluded it's 16th season and contestants once again stayed in a London mansion. A luxury property once used on the show has now gone up for sale but buyers will need a lot of cash to make the purchase. When filming the Apprentice, all contestants shack up together in a property in London. This is often shown on the programme when the lavish property appears on screen. The mansion which is used on the series often changes but it is always based in and around London. For the 12th series of the show, which aired in 2016, the hopefuls stayed in Victory House in Hampstead. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Easy’ way to unblock sink drains - how to avoid blockages The large, airy property has now gone up for sale. However, it comes with a huge price tag of £16.5million. What is it like inside? The red brick Victorian property is on Daleham Gardens.  Inside, potential buyers will find six bedrooms, four reception rooms and a cinema. There is even a wellbeing centre, gym, pool and steam room. It has large sliding doors going onto the garden and open plan living. There is also a skylight to brighten up the room further. Pictures released of the mansion show the minimalist decor throughout the home. The living room has a wooden floor, cream walls and a large white leather sofa. The kitchen has a wooden island with sleek dark brown appliances. There is plenty of light let in by a number of large windows. The property covers an impressive 10,409 square feet. Outside features a 170 foot long garden and a pool. It has recently been through renovations which included the installation of computer-controlled lighting, a home entertainment system and electric blinds. It is currently on sale by Aston Chase who shared a description of the home. It read: "An outstanding opportunity to purchase a substantial detached Victorian family house beautifully remodelled and refurbished by artisan craftsmen. "The property features exceptionally light, spacious and well planned lateral accommodation (892.5 sq m/9,607 sq ft) and benefits from a fully self-contained guest/staff apartment, double width garage with additional secure off-street parking for two vehicles and a garden level wellness centre incorporating gym, spa, steam room with an adjacent 50’ x 23’7 family/leisure/games room providing direct access to a deceptively large private south facing garden."