Brits have been told to expect sweltering temperatures this month as a “Spanish sizzler” heads towards the UK. The heatwave will coincide with the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, according to forecasters, when Brits will enjoy a “blockbuster” four-day Bank Holiday weekend. However, the hot weather can often lead to summer showers. And, drivers have now been warned by motoring experts at Moneyshake to pay extra attention when driving during or after a summer shower. The experts said that by driving carelessly on wet roads after a summer rain, motorists can face a maximum penalty of two years in prison, a ban, up to 11 penalty points and an unlimited fine. Due to the unpredictable British weather, car owners could find themselves driving in a heatwave after a sudden downpour. And if they cause an accident on a slippery road, they could be convicted for dangerous driving. READ MORE: Cyclists told to ignore dedicated cycle lanes and ride in the road According to the Road Surface Treatments Association (RSTA), asphalt roads can “bleed” through to the surface in hot weather after rain, which reduces skidding resistance and makes the road more slippery. The RSTA added that there are two reasons why motorists should slow down and drive with care on roads that are wet after a heatwave. Firstly, during periods of prolonged hot weather the bitumen in asphalt roads becomes more mobile and can sometimes “bleed” through to the surface. This reduces the texture depth and wet skidding resistance. DON'T MISS Maximum driving age plans for elderly motorists are 'unfair' [INSIGHT] Fuel duty 'should be abolished' but new tax will charge drivers more [REVEL] Petrol and diesel drivers warned of new Low Emission Zones this spring [WARNING] In extreme conditions, councils will apply grit to the road surface to increase its skid resistance. Secondly, dry roads often have a build-up of rubber and oil particles. When it rains these substances can mix with water and create a greasy layer that can become very slippery. Howard Robinson, RSTA chief executive, said: “Wet roads after a prolonged hot, dry period can become slippery. “In addition to ensuring that their tyres are in good condition and properly inflated, motorists should slow down and drive with care.” He continued: “Just like the freezing and ice of the winter, summer’s high temperatures underline how essential it is to ensure that roads are maintained to a correct standard. “Unfortunately, continued cutbacks to highway budgets means that councils cannot afford the necessary programmes of long-term maintenance and surface dressing to ensure pothole-free, skid resistant roads.” The news comes after drivers were warned of massive fines that they could receive in the coming weeks as the UK is set to be hit with a heatwave. Motorists were being urged to take extra caution when driving in the predicted heatwave later this week and next week, with forecasts showing it could be hotter than Turkey in some parts. Bright sunlight can cause a strong glare across a car’s windshield which can distort a driver’s view of the road. This could cause drivers to not have proper control of the vehicle or a full view of the road and traffic ahead. This may leave some drivers with a £1,000 fine and three penalty points on their driving licence. Andy Alderson, CEO and Founder of Vanarama, said drivers should be aware of potential fines as millions are set to hit the roads. He said: “With the UK experiencing a heatwave, many people will plan to hit the road to visit summertime attractions. "However, if drivers are not prepared for driving in bright sunlight, they could put themselves and other road users in danger. “To prevent being dazzled by the sun when driving, motorists should check their windscreen is clean before setting off, wear polarised sunglasses, and keep a safe distance from other drivers when the sun is distorting their view.”