Rachel Shenton, who plays Helen Alderson in All Creatures Great and Small, will be returning to Channel 5 for the highly-anticipated third season of the Yorkshire-based drama. While an official release date for the series is yet to be announced, Rachel has sparked a frenzy online with a series of behind-the-scenes photographs. The 34-year-old actress occasionally updates her fans on her life with pictures on the sets of her latest projects as well as holiday pictures and stunning selfies. The former Hollyoaks star recently shared a string of snaps with her 70,000 Instagram followers of when she was on set for All Creatures Great and Small in the Yorkshire Dales dressed in character as Helen. The pictures, which included the star holding an adorable lamb in her arms, thrilled her fans who were quick to comment on the post. The other photographs Rachel shared were of her acting alongside other All Creatures Great and Small cast members as well as a snap of her getting her hair done by a member of the show's beauty team. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update To accompany the photographs, Rachel posted: "A sneaky peek behind the scenes from season 2 for ewe #ACGAS #throwback." (sic) While Rachel has not shared any behind-the-scenes photographs from the set of the upcoming third season, fans appeared extremely excited about the drama's return. @Diamonddjs commented: "Can’t wait to see what season 3 brings! I have season 2 saved on my DVR so I can get my #ACGAS fix when I need a smile." @Ikell1029 added: "Thank you. So looking forward to seeing all of you. Love this show and this cast. You are all talented, kind people."  Megan Marie penned: "I cannot wait. I could use some happy pick me up with the so, I just love it so much." @thegreatmrtoad said: "Wow such a beautifully romantic wholesome post... My blood pressure just went down, then went back up again viewing post #2...What a great cast and crew...Can't wait for next season's adventures.... the absolutely best series on TV, a great exercise in mental health..." (sic) @redbeard2000 added: "That first picture should be used for a poster to encourage people to become farmers." @cmbronson gushed: "Absolutely the best! The scenery is stunning and the animals and humans are fantastic! Can’t wait!" DON'T MISS... The Yorkshire Vet's Peter Wright pays tribute to his 'kind' mentor [LATEST]All Creatures Great and Small: Mrs Hall star on learning new accent [INTERVIEW]All Creatures Great and Small's Helen talks relationship with Jenny [INSIGHT] Throughout the series, fans have been gripped by the turbulent relationship between James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph) and Helen (Rachel Shenton) and how other residents around them have impacted their relationship, including Helen's younger sister Jenny (Imogen Clawson). Viewers are looking forward to their wedding after the pair got engaged following months of back and forth decision making. Speaking about what fans can expect from the third outing, creator Ben Vanstone teased: "In season three, Helen and James have become engaged, so I think it’s fair to say there may be a marriage on the horizon, perhaps. “It’s 1939, so it will come as no surprise that war is looming, and that will increasingly cast a shadow over our characters’ lives."  Channel 5 has also renewed All Creatures Great and Small for a fourth series. There will be six episodes on offer for seasons three and four as well as two special festive episodes. Filming for the upcoming season started in Yorkshire in Spring, and the series is expected to be released "later this year". All Creatures Great and Small is available to stream on My5. 