Thomas Tuchel feels his Chelsea side have a "clear mindset" going into the FA Cup final against Liverpool after a convincing win over Leeds. The Blues came into the game against Leeds in need of a win to pick up some form ahead of the trip to Wembley this weekend.  Saturday's draw against Wolves meant Chelsea had won just one of their previous five league matches. But they were back to top form against relegation-threatened Leeds with Mason Mount the star of the show. The England international scored early with a brilliant curling finish from the edge of the box before providing the assist for Christian Pulisic after the break. Romelu Lukaku rounded things off with his third goal in two games to further secure their top-three status. Focus now quickly turns to this weekend with Chelsea travelling to Wembley for the FA Cup final against Liverpool. Tuchel's side will be looking for revenge after their dramatic penalty shoot-out defeat to Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final.  And the German coach admits his side are in a good place with the FA Cup final just days away. "We needed a performance like that. We deserved to win," Tuchel said. "That's the best message. We were excellent right from the start and kept our focus and high intensity. "We cleared the air after the late equaliser against Wolves. We knew what was waiting. We had a lot of reason to trust ourselves. The players delivered. Full credit to them.  "We arrive [to the FA Cup final] with a clear mindset because we did what we needed to do this week. Good news." There was worrying signs midway through the first half when Mateo Kovacic went down clutching his ankle after a horror tackle from Dan James. The Leeds winger was quickly sent off by referee Anthony Taylor with Kovacic initially coming back on to continue. But he was back down on the pitch minutes later asking for medical attention before hobbling off. And Tuchel has stated that he doesn't hold out much hope the Croatian will be fit in time to face Liverpool. He said: “I tell you not as a coach or an expert, but I think it’s unlikely we will see him (at the weekend).”