There are three leading candidates to become Manchester United's captain next season, should Erik ten Hag decide to strip Harry Maguire of the armband as one of his first decisions as manager. Maguire's status as dressing room leader is up for debate following a troublesome 2021-22 campaign. The 28-year-old isn't considered a guaranteed starter when Ten Hag's maiden campaign begins due to concerns over his lack of pace in a high defensive line, ESPN report. United are expected to sign a new centre-back this summer, with links to Jurrien Timber and Pau Torres intensifying. There are also doubts about David de Gea's capabilities to match Ten Hag's preferred system due to his ball-playing limitations. However, the Red Devils are understood to have accepted there are more pressing areas to strengthen than signing a new goalkeeper in the coming months. And the report claims De Gea, along with Cristiano Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes, are all under consideration to take over as captain if Maguire steps aside next season. The United squad are said to be 'split' over whether the England international should continue, a split likely to widen if he loses his place as a regular starter. JUST IN: Man Utd's Cristiano Ronaldo brutally taken down as jibe comes to light  Maguire was one of United's most scrutinised stars this season, and reports suggested a dressing room power struggle after Ronaldo's late arrival didn't help. The 37-year-old club legend is the overwhelming favourite to inherit the armband if there is a change and he remains at Old Trafford. Ronaldo mentored several of United's younger players throughout his first season back at the club, including Scott McTominay, Anthony Elanga, Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford, at the request of Ralf Rangnick. But his career achievements alone would be enough to demand respect and authority in the dressing room. READ MORE: PSV devise ‘special’ package to stop Arsenal signing Gakpo this summer  Ten Hag's plans will become clearer once he starts working with his newly inherited squad, which could include a few fresh faces if United waste little time with their summer transfer business. The Dutchman will meet the first wave on June 27, the date he confirmed pre-season preparations would commence. Maguire could return later than other players, though, after Gareth Southgate named him in his England squad for their Nations League fixtures in June. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.