The Duke of Sussex and Meghan, 40, said they were “excited and honoured” to make the trip back across the Atlantic for the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations. They will bring with them the couple’s two children, three-year-old Archie and Lilibet, who will turn one during the extended weekend. It will mark their first official visit back to the UK as a family since they stepped back from royal duties in March 2020. They then made the trip across the pond and settled in Meghan’s home state of California. But the couple will likely take a back seat at a number of the most prominent events of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend. The Duke of Sussex, 37, and Duchess will not stand on the Buckingham Palace balcony with the rest of the Royal Family during the Trooping the Colour parade, kicking off the celebrations on Thursday. The elaborate parade on Thursday marks the Queen’s official birthday. A Buckingham Palace spokesperson said the Queen had decided to limit the royal representatives out on the balcony after “careful consideration”. They said that the group would be limited only to “members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties”. Princess Diana’s former butler, Paul Burrell, claimed Meghan will be disappointed by the missed photograph opportunity because of how it would look to a US audience. READ MORE: Fury as yobs destroy displays created for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee He said Meghan’s life is “playing out” to a US public in the style of “her own biopic”. He told OK!: “I think Meghan’s producing, directing and starring in her own version of her life – her own biopic – which is playing out on the American stage. “I think they will care that they’re not on the balcony because that is a picture that will relate to their American platform.” Earlier this year, Royal Family branding expert Professor Cele Otnes told Express.co.uk that the Duke and Duchess’s image in the US was confused by their half-hearted severance from the Royal Family image. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry eye RETURN to Windsor [LIVE] Jubilee POLL: Are you having a Platinum Jubilee party? [VOTE] Prince George will NEVER get to be king, says Republic's GRAHAM SMITH [COMMENT] Professor Otnes, co-author of “Royal Fever”, added that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had not understood that the source of their popularity was based in the royal brand, and they, therefore, struggled to carve out a new brand in America. This comes as a new poll for Express.co.uk revealed that the Duke and Duchess’s popularity had sunk ahead of their return to London this week. In the poll of UK adults, just 16 percent of respondents held a positive image of Meghan in their minds, with just one third seeing Prince Harry in a favourable light. In February, Professor Otnes commented: "Meghan doesn't understand that the popularity that she could enjoy in that brand has everything to do with royalty and very little to do with Meghan - and very little to do with Harry.” She added Meghan and Harry’s continued use of their royal titles was further muddling their image in the States. The couple continues to use their Duke and Duchess of Sussex title, conferred on them after their wedding in 2018, but they have lost their HRH titles, military affiliations and royal patronages. Professor Otnes said the Duke and Duchess had not fully understood the titles have little frame of reference in the US, commenting America does not “have the sort of reverence of these titles”. She continued: “Americans don't care about these titles because they're not in our social structure.”