Kirstie Allsopp, 50, has taken to Twitter to call out a bizarre fake announcement made by a social media user, suggesting that she would be one of the stars participating in the concert to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II's platinum jubilee next month. The divisive media figure reminded followers that she worked for Channel 4, not the BBC. The fake announcement featured a photo showing a line-up for Platinum Party at the Palace on the 4th of June.  Someone then tweeted the fake poster to Kirstie pointing out that her name had been spelled wrong on the poster.  @Prodigfalalbum wrote: “Kirtsie Allsopp? Is that @KirstieMAllsopp’s more royalist sister?”  Kirstie responded in full view of her 427,800 Twitter followers. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain The Location, Location, Location presenter penned: “This is a fake poster ffs. “I’d obviously love to be involved in this concert but it’s a BBC event and I work for @Channel4. “Very proudly, I might add.” Fans then rushed to the comments section to share their thoughts.  @MaxSkyNews commented: “I don't know whether the mis-spelling of your name was a key-slip or a genuine pun.  “Either way, it tickled me.”  @Potterandy wrote: “I read from the bottom up; clearly it’s fake!”  @Ianmaggs said: “I'm so gutted that this is fake.” DON'T MISS... Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] @Seanjor1 penned: “ All music Her Majesty will enjoy. “One concert just for her, that would be cool.” @Justadog77 joked: “Kirtsie Allsopp is a tribute band.” @Gohstlytom said: “Just in case it isn’t fake…what’s on your set list? “I’ll start ‘House of the Rising  Sun’ ‘Our House’….” The Platinum Party at the Palace is a British music concert that will be held in London in 2022. It will, in commemoration of the Platinum Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II, be held over the Platinum Jubilee Central Weekend on 2–5 June 2022. The lineup currently includes Queen and Adam Lambert, Sir Elton John, Eurovision star Sam Ryder, Hans Zimmer, Duran Duran and Diana Ross among others.