 On the latest episode of Homes Under the Hammer, Jacqui Joseph visited a one bedroom ground floor flat in Colliers Wood, in southwest London. The flat was located less than 10 minutes from the nearest tube station and had great transport links to central London. The ground floor flat was located inside a Victorian terrace which still had some of its original external features.  On entering the property, Jacqui was surprised at the property’s well-maintained condition. The flat’s front room had high ceilings, large windows and a grand fireplace. The property had lots of potential with central heating, storage space under the stairs and lots of natural light already in place. The kitchen was “nice and bright” but was “outdated”, requiring a slight “refresh”. The bathroom, which was located off the kitchen, also needed upgrading with damp on one of the walls.  READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home  The property also had outside space with a shared private garden. Jacqui suggested potentially moving the bathroom to under the stairs in order to create another bedroom. Or, the current bathroom could be knocked through to create a large kitchen/diner. However, Jacqui said the property did come with some “snags”. The person who buys the property will only be the leaseholder, not the freeholder. This means the buyer will need permission from the freeholder to make any changes to the layout of the property.  DON'T MISS'Optimal solution' How to clean washing machine drawer - white vinegar [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to keep spiders out the home using ‘super easy’ way [UPDATE]‘Best move’ to get rid of pesky garden weeds fast [ANALYSIS] The property also only had 82 years left on the lease which could have an impact on mortgage-ability as well as the value of the investment. But, with an auction guide price of just £280,000, the property is a great opportunity for an investor to get their hands on a London property without paying a London price tag. The property was bought by Robert, a restauranteur turned property investor, who paid £302,000 in February 2021 for the flat at a remote auction. Robert’s plans included extending the lease and getting permission from the freeholder to turn the one-bedroom flat into a two-bedroom flat. He said: “First of all, I have to seek the permission from the freeholder to see if I can take down the partition wall of the toilet and relocate the toilet under the staircase.” He planned to create a small kitchen/diner and move both bedrooms to the front of the property. Robert also wanted to pave over the back garden to create outside space for a barbecue area. The property investor’s budget was £25,000 to change the flat into a two-bedroom home. He explained: “My budget is around £20,000 to change it into a two-bed [property] with a contingency of £5,000. “If the freeholder doesn’t let me take the wall down, it stays as a one bed. “I still would change the bathroom, the kitchen and all the other things and that will hopefully come under around £15,000.” Robert hoped to complete the project in two months and then sell the property on. Nine months later, the Homes Under the Hammer team returned to the property to see how Robert’s project had progressed. The property had fresh paint and new flooring to make it feel brighter. Unfortunately, Robert didn't receive permission to change the layout, so the property remained a one-bedroom flat. But Robert did install a new kitchen and bathroom, install some new double-glazed windows, rewired and re-plumbed the property. Outside, new fencing was put up and the weeds dug out and replaced with pebbles to create a low maintenance garden. Robert waited six months for permission from the freeholder to change the layout of the property but had no response. He said: “In the end, I had to quickly renovate as a one bed. “If it was a two bedroom, I would prefer it, but as a one bedroom [flat] it is more spacious with a separate living room and bedroom.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Another problem Robert found during the renovation was a leak within the pipes behind a wall in the shower which had to be fixed. A section 42 notice is in place on this property. Robert has the legal right to extend the short lease but he is yet to receive the documentation. On the project as a whole, Robert ended up spending £27,000. Local estate agent, Ken Hume from James Alexander came to value the property after the renovations were completed in March 2022. He said: “The selling features of this flat are the fact it's very bright, very centrally-located, has a really practical layout, and as a one bedroom flat, feels really well put-together. “A flat like this appeals broadly because it's got the first time buyer appeal. “Critically it's got the outside space which we all crave and it's got it all really.” He said he thought the flat could be rented for £1,500 per calendar month. That would mean Robert’s rental yield would be 5.5 percent. The estate agent said he thought the flat would sell for £400,000. The property investor would make a pre-tax profit of £71,000 if he sold the property, minus whatever it costs him to extend the lease. Robert is planning to rent out the property for £1,475 per calendar month and has a tenant lined up. Homes Under the Hammer is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.