The plans see other members of the Royal Family replace the Queen at the event for the first time in her 70-year-reign. The main change this year is that the Queen may not receive the Trooping the Colour salute for the first time ever. In another sign of the Queen's increasingly paired back role, Prince Charles, Prince William and Princess Anne will step in for the Queen to receive the salute. Two different options have been drawn up to allow the Queen a smaller role in proceedings. One option being considered by palace aides would see the Queen travel by carriage to briefly inspect the troops, before retiring for the rest of the event. Charles, William and Anne would appear on horseback to represent the monarch at the parade ground. If possible, the Queen would later reappear on the balcony with other working royals.  The second option reportedly being considered would see the Queen only appear on the balcony, skipping the parade altogether. According to the Times, both plans would see the 96-year-old monarch miss most of the event. Another figure set to be absent from the parade is Prince Andrew, who was previously at the heart of the parade in 2018 and 2019 in his role as colonel of the grenadier guards. However, he was stripped of his military titles in January over his legal battle with Virginia Giuffre, to whom he paid a multi-million-pound settlement in February. READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Sussexes' balcony moment 'blocked by Charles and William' He has always strenuously denied the allegations. A royal source told the Times that the Queen has delayed the appointment of a new royal colonel in order to avoid a "dagger to the heart" for the Duke. The Queen, who is head of the armed forces, is likely to have a limited role in most of the Jubilee celebrations as a result of her health. While the Queen's presence at each Jubilee engagement will only be confirmed on the day of the event, it is understood she plans to attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's on June 3. DON'T MISS: Trooping the Colour: Stand collapses and spectator 'falls through' [REPORT] 'Spare us' Harry and Meghan mocked over 'elitist' green holidays [REACTION] New Australian Prime Minister pegged to remove Queen as head of state [REVEAL] The delegation of duties to other senior members of the Royal Family has become increasingly common in recent months. The Queen was forced to cancel her appearance at the State Opening of Parliament earlier this month as a result of health issues, with Prince Charles delivering the Queen's Speech on her behalf. He was accompanied by Prince William, who attended the event for the first time. Constitutional expert Bob Morris told the Mirror that William and Charles' roles in the ceremony were "unprecedented" but are likely to continue for the rest of her reign. The delegation of duties to other senior members of the Royal Family has become increasingly common in recent months. The Queen was forced to cancel her appearance at the State Opening of Parliament earlier this month as a result of health issues, with Prince Charles delivering the Queen's Speech on her behalf. He was accompanied by Prince William, who attended the event for the first time. Constitutional expert Bob Morris told the Mirror that William and Charles' roles in the ceremony were "unprecedented" but are likely to continue for the rest of her reign.