According to a new poll, eight percent of people live on a road hosting a council-approved street party over the four-day bank holiday weekend. An estimated five million people will be embarking on a holiday or day trip over that period. Because of this, Green Flag are warning drivers that these parties could cause “havoc” for motorists up and down the country. Around 133,000 UK roads are expected to be inaccessible due to street parties. Almost one in 10 survey respondents said their road is planning an unofficial street party. Green Flag said the results of the survey suggested that access to 133,000 roads could be restricted at some point. READ MORE: 'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' The long weekend runs from Thursday, June 2, to Sunday, June 5 to celebrate Queen Elizabeth’s Platinum Jubilee. The four days of celebrations will include public events and community activities, as well as national moments of reflection on The Queen’s 70 years of service. The Friday is expected to be the most popular day for street parties with 35 percent of those being planned. Following this, Saturday will be the busiest with 25 percent of parties, followed by Thursday (15 percent) and Sunday (12 percent). DON'T MISSDrivers warned of huge fines and fire hazards from water bottles [WARNING]Millions of drivers at risk of £1,000 fine for simple MOT mistake [SHOCKING]Drivers face automatic £100 fines for ignoring smart motorway signs [NEW LAWS] Some 13 percent of people did not know what day the Jubilee party on their road will take place when the survey was conducted between April 29 and May 3. Green Flag, which estimated that five million people will be embarking on a holiday or day trip over that period, warned that the parties “could cause havoc for drivers”. Mark Newberry, commercial director of Green Flag, urged drivers to plan ahead if they are going out over the weekend. He said: “The extra day off means many of us will be planning trips away to make the most of the four-day weekend. “We want to ensure everyone can enjoy the celebrations without any added stress or complications, so we’re urging drivers to check their route for any road closures and be aware of any obstructions or pedestrians that may be in the street. “Drivers should make sure they are road trip ready by thoroughly checking their vehicle before setting off, and preparing themselves in case a breakdown does happen.” Motorists are also being advised of the best times to travel to try and avoid the road chaos predicted for the four-day weekend. Amy Josling, car and scrappage expert at National Scrap Car, warned drivers of when they should travel. She said: "The bank holiday is notorious for causing congestion issues for motorists, which is why planning ahead is key to getting through your drive there and back safely. “Drivers should ensure that their route is planned prior to setting off and, if they can, avoid hitting the road during the peak travel times. “On a weekday, such as Friday, these peak times are between 6am and 10am and 4pm and 8pm. “If you are travelling on the Saturday however, early morning such as before 8am or after 6pm is best. The less traffic on the roads the safer the journey."