Holly Greenstein was one of the season nine singletons in Married at First Sight Australia who was partnered up with motivational speaker and personal trainer Andrew Davis. Their short-lived yet turbulent relationship finished before the E4 show got into the thick of it. So viewers are now curious as to what happened to her after the show and if Holly has in fact found love with another. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia. After Holly's time on MAFS Australia, the 36-year-old has very much moved on from her brief romance with Andrew. She was previously spotted with a male companion at Surfers Paradise on the Gold Coast but Holly failed to confirm if this was her new love interest. But the former reality star has since taken to social media to confirm she is in a relationship, first sharing a selfie of herself with her new beau in a lift. His face cannot be entirely seen though as her new man is wearing a mask in the photo. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan In April, the cinema manager posted another photo of them together but this time, his face cannot be seen as he is kissing her cheek. The picture was shared with a caption stating that they were going on a road trip to the "blue mountains". From these pictures and the fact she has failed to tag him in any posts, indicates he doesn't want to be in the public eye. While his identity remains a secret for now, Holly has opened up on how their romance developed. Speaking to 9Entertainment, Holly revealed she had known her new boyfriend for quite some time through mutual friends. It was then actually a chance meeting that led to the start of their blossoming relationship. Holly explained: "I had met him earlier. And then I just actually bumped into him on the street. "And then he kept emailing me and pursuing me and yes, I caved." DON'T MISS...David McCallum age: How old is Ducky from NCIS in real life? [AGE]Kerry MAFS Australia: Where is Kerry Knight now? [CAST]Jess and Dan MAFS Australia: What happened to Jessica and Dan?  [EXPLAINER] She continued: "We have the same love languages, words of affirmation, small gifts, we love to travel. "We'll share food. He's just incredibly generous and warm. "I feel like sometimes, if you show the universe you're being strong, and you're trying, it will send me something." As their romance progresses, Holly may wish to disclose more details of their relationship in the near future. Married at First Sight Australia will be returning for a 10th series but no release date has been confirmed. In the meantime, there will be the UK version to look forward to in the coming months. According to E4, the latest series is going to consist of a whopping 30 episodes this time around. Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.