Judd Trump u-turned on his words regarding the Crucible's future as the Snooker World Championship venue following his defeat in the final. The 2019 champion fought valiantly but ultimately succumbed to a 18-13 loss at the hands of Ronnie O’Sullivan, who captured a record-equalling seventh world title.  The pair shared a long embrace once the match had concluded and the tearful snooker legend thanked the raucous and supportive crowd. During his post-match speech, Trump, who was one of several players to suggest the event be moved to a different venue, had a change of heart. "I think I was wrong when I said I wanted to move from here [the Crucible], I think it should definitely stay!" he told presenter Hazel Irvine, which received a loud cheer from the audience. Trump was full of praise for his conqueror and claims he will go down as the game’s greatest. “He will go down as the best player of all-time,” he said. “He keeps getting better and better. His determination, dedication, you can see it out there. He was the best player throughout the tournament by quite far. I was happy to just make a match out of it this afternoon.” JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan breaks into tears after winning World Championship for seventh time  O’Sullivan was in supreme form all tournament long and ties level with Stephen Hendry for the most victories in Crucible history after winning four of six frames in the final session. Trump had won six of the eight frames in the penultimate session on Monday to reduce O'Sullivan's lead from 12-5 to 14-11.    "I've never bothered about records. When you get them, it's kind of nice. I don't have targets. I've loved every tournament this year, I've just loved playing. I like to win, but it's not the be-all and end-all. The Crucible brings out the worst in me. It's probably not the best idea but we'll probably go again next year." The new world number one celebrated his historic win with his father and two youngest children as they posed for pictures in front of the snooker table with the prestigious trophy. Can The Rocket break new ground and win a record eighth world championship in 2023?