Food recalls are issued when there is a risk a product could cause damage to an individual. This could be because of the presence of an unknown ingredient, or even plastic. Here are the latest active recalls issued by major supermarkets in recent days and weeks. Tesco Strauss Group is recalling all of their confectionery products from Elite, as there is a risk they may contain salmonella. These products are sold in both Tesco and Waitrose and are consequently being withdrawn from shelves. The Elite strawberry-filled chocolate comes in packs size of 100g and 45g, which are both being recalled. Tesco issued a statement, saying: "If you’ve bought an affected product, please don’t eat it. "Instead, return it to a Tesco store where a full refund will be given. No receipt is required." The supermarket continued: "Use our store locator to find your nearest Tesco." For customers who want further information, Tesco provided contact details. It wrote: "For more information, you can contact Strauss Israel at recall@drumstickproducts.co.uk or Tesco Customer Services on 0800 505 555." READ MORE: Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay Waitrose Elite chocolate sold in Waitrose is also being withdrawn from shelves. This chocolate is the Elite bittersweet chocolate bar, which comes in a pack size of 85g, and all date codes are affected. Waitrose notified its customers: "Elite is recalling the above product due the possible presence of salmonella in this product, which if consumed could cause illness." They urged shoppers to not eat the product if purchased, stating: "Do not use. Package up item. Return the product to your local Waitrose & Partners branch for a refund." For further information, customers can contact Waitrose Customer Care at 0800 188 881, Option 4. "We apologise that it has been necessary to recall this product and for the inconvenience caused." DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [COMMENT]Laundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [TIPS]Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove ‘scuff marks’ from flooring [EXPERT] Lidl Lidl is recalling a series of products, including beer and Kinder chocolate products. The supermarket is recalling the Starovice Czech Lager, 500ml, with the best before date of October 16, 2022, due to undeclared sulphur dioxide, which is an allergen. This means if consumed it could cause harm to those with an allergy or intolerance to sulphur dioxide. Lidl has advised customers who have bought the product to return it to stores for a full refund. As for the Kinder products, Kinder Surprise 100g, Kinder Choco-Bons 200g, and Kinder Surprise 20g are all being recalled due to the potential presence of salmonella. Confectionary manufacturer Ferrero has issued an update on Kinder products, stating that more may have been contaminated with salmonella. Customers are urged to avoid these products if still sold in stores, or to return them to their nearest store if already bought. These are the Kinder Maxi Mix Peluche, Kinder Niespodzianka Maxi Lei, Ferrero Kinder Mix Geschenktüte, Ferrero Kinder Mix Bunte Mischung, Kinder Niespodzianka Maxi Uni BN, Kinder Surprise Geant Gar, Kinder Surprise Fille, Kinder Schokobons Sachet, Kinder Happy Moments, Kinder Happy Moment Ballotin 1, Swieta Kinder Jajko Z Niespodzianka Maxi Uni Wn, Swieta Kinder Maxi Mix Peluche Bn. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) stated: "Ferrero is recalling the above products. Point of sale notices will be displayed in retail stores that are selling these products. "These notices explain to customers why the products are being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the products." Aldi Kinder products at Aldi are also currently being recalled due to the potential presence of salmonella. These are the Kinder Surprise 20g and the Kinder Surprise Medium Egg 100g. Aldi said in a statement: "Ferrero is taking the precautionary action of recalling selected batches of Kinder Surprise as they have become aware of a possible link to a number of reported cases of salmonella. Customers are advised not to eat these products. "Customers are asked to contact Ferrero consumer careline on consumers.uk@ferrero.com or 0330 053 8943 UK or +44(0)330 053 8943 Ireland to obtain a full refund."