Harry and William are expected to reunite for the first time in almost a year next month. The Duke of Sussex will return to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee with his wife, Meghan Markle, and their two children — Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana. He is understood not to have seen his older brother since July last year, when the two unveiled a statue of their late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. Their relationship has since been pulled back into focus following Harry’s visit to the UK last month. During a secret stop-off at Windsor, the Duke of Sussex met with Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and the Queen, but missed William as he and his family were on a skiing holiday in France. Soon after, Harry reignited reports of a rift between the princes when he dodged a question from a reporter who asked whether he missed his brother and father. Speculation surrounding a spat between William and Harry began ahead of the Duke of Sussex’s exit from the Firm in 2020. The brothers had been extremely close growing up, and one royal expert has claimed that the princes caused havoc as children. In an extract for his new book, ‘William At 40: The Making of a Modern Monarch’, Robert Jobson claimed that one of the brothers’ former bodyguards issued a stern warning to his replacement over the boy’s behaviour. Writing for the Daily Mail, Mr Jobson said: “Not all the boys’ police officers were as tolerant as he [Ken Wharfe] was. “When one of them left his job, he had some words of warning for his replacement. “‘Good luck — you’re going to need it,’ he said. “‘If these kids were brought up on a council estate somewhere in South London, they’d have been taken into care by now.’” “He was deadly serious.” Harry and Meghan confirmed that they would be attending the Platinum Jubilee earlier this month after their spokesperson said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." DON'T MISS:Queen's relationship with William has 'improved' as views 'align' [INSIGHT]Prince William presents new colours to the Irish Guards [REPORT]Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan face 'make or break' moment [LIVE] Weekly that Harry and William’s “rift very definitely hasn’t been healed,” and that Harry’s upcoming memoir continues to cause tension: “It will again be a source of very, very substantial discord.” He added: “Whatever he writes, if it’s published this year, it’s going to cause problems.” Harry’s “intimate and heartfelt” memoir is expected to be published later this year, and is expected to include his “mistakes and lessons learned,” during his life, and will reflect on “the highs and lows”. He also said the contents of the book will be “accurate and wholly truthful”. When announcing the project last summer, he said: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become." While it has been claimed that Harry wishes to celebrate the Queen in his book, there have been reports that William and Charles may come under fire. That being said, one royal expert has claimed that Harry is keen to mend his relationships with his brother and father and is looking to use a mediator to do so. Katie Nicholl told Entertainment Tonight last month: "Harry, I'm told, suggested perhaps that they might get some sort of a mediator in on some of these talks, to make some progress. "It was something that he had suggested to his father. “He's made it very clear that he wants to sort things out. He wants things to be improved." 'William At 40: The Making of a Modern Monarch' was written by Robert Jobson and will be published by Ad Lib Publishers Ltd on June 9th.