Lead singer Damiano David sparked concern with viewers and with commentator Graham Norton as he seemed to hobble while he performed. Many tuned into the Eurovisin Song Contest rushed to Twitter to beg for organisers to get Damiano off stage as he appeared to be in pain. @Brianlosoya tweeted: “Seriously Damiano David has been majorly injured all week and is clearly in pain but is rocking out like a pro. Much respect for him #Eurovision.” @PeacioneGC added: “Uhm he's hurt. Yall get him off the stage #Eurovision.” Nick Harleigh-Bell shared: “Somebody get that Måneskin man a pair of crutches FFS. #Eurovision.” Kathy asked: “What is wrong with Damiano? He seems to have some problems or pain? #Eurovision.” READ MORE; Eurovision 2022 LIVE: UK sudden drop in odds - sends shock waves @w0wter tweeted: “Please somebody give the singer of Måneskin some help, he’s in excruciating pain #Eurovision.” Ahead of Eurovision, Damiano revealed to fans that he had busted his ankle. On his Instagram Story, he shared a clip of himself with a beauty mask on. He wrote: “My ankle is bad but my skin can still be perfect.”  In a later post, he added: “Tomorrow we’ll smash the stage anyways, don’t worry 4 me. Love y’all.” (Sic) After their performance, host Alessandro Cattelan spoke to the band about their success since winning Eurovision. He began: "What I'm about to say makes me feel old but proud. I was there when you were first on stage and now I am here with you after an incredible year with a global tour sold out in four hours. "North America, South America, Europe of course, Japan, what a year." DON'T MISSManeskin's Damiano in jibe at Eurovision drugsgate [INTERVIEW]Eurovision 'car crash' as fans slam Mika for 'snubbing' Ukraine [VIDEO]Eurovision 2022: Ben Adams 'uncovered' as Norway's Subwoolfer [INSIGHT] Bass player Victoria De Angelis remarked: "It's been amazing this year, we have been touring the whole world and we are very grateful." The presenter continued: "Do fans around the world sing your Italian songs?" "They try," the bass player replied. "It's very fun and sweet." Alessandro went on to ask: "Do you have any advice for the artists looking at you from the green room right now?"  Måneskin's victory was marred in controversy as viewers accused Damiano of snorting drugs off the table in front of him during the competition. In a press conference after the Eurovision Song Contest final he strongly denied the claims, with Måneskin then taking to Instagram to write: "We really are against drugs and we never used cocaine. We are ready to get (tested), cause we have nothing to hide." The band subsequently took a drugs test which came back negative and went on to have success all over Europe and America. Eurovision Song Contest available on BBC iPlayer. 