The unknown will attract you now as will the appeal of travelling to unknown lands and reconnecting with your spiritual side. You have big dreams for the future and these are achievable if you are willing to put in the work. A study course, workshop or seminar will be the first step towards enhancing your skill set. At last you are starting to get your act together after a phase of ups and downs. If there are others who are involved in plans you are making, they aren’t likely to object to your suggestions because they too feel more than ready to get their life back on an even keel. Delegate responsibilities if your work is becoming too much for you. Seriously consider sharing some of your load. If you keep pushing yourself too hard, you will drop from exhaustion. After organising your working life so burdens are shared, your health will improve.  It might surprise you that an adventurous friend shows little enthusiasm for your suggestions. This could be because they wish they had come up with the idea themselves. Their moodiness will soon evaporate and eventually they will support your need to do something out of the ordinary. You intend to do a good job of all you take on. This may mean learning new skills or studying a subject you don’t know a lot about. If others who showed an initial interest aren’t so dedicated, you would do better on your own. Friends can find something else to do rather than wait around for you. If you have no choice but to get on with jobs you don’t want to do, don’t take it out on your family or colleagues. It will turn out that they too feel under pressure and they won’t have time or the inclination to listen to your complaints. Just get on with the job and look forward to easier times ahead.  Teaming up with someone from a foreign country will open the way for some bright new opportunities. It will feel as if the Universe is showering you with rewards. There’s never been a better time to start a new relationship. If you already have a partner, you are about to embark on a new romantic phase. Diplomacy is a big help in all relationships. Thinking before you speak can keep you from getting into trouble at work. A colleague who seems to be getting away with doing nothing could be related to someone in power. Be patient with a stubborn relative who refuses to listen to reason. Putting a job that isn’t going well to one side for the time being might sound like the easy way out but you have every intention of returning to it. New tactics are required and you need a little more time to consider new ways of approaching this challenge.  Jobs that should have been done earlier by others are still not completed. This will cause something of a muddle and you hate confusion. You’re annoyed that you hadn’t checked this out earlier even though you can’t do everything which is why these tasks were passed on to others in the first place. Before entering a long-term arrangement, deal or commitment have you considered all that you could be letting yourself in for. It doesn’t matter whether it is money, a job offer or a relationship issue that is on your mind, carefully consider your options. An issue that seems trivial to you makes a colleague very angry. You have a difficult decision to make. This is not made any easier by a friend who thinks they can persuade you to go along with what they have already decided. You would prefer to think for yourself. You need time alone to seriously consider this matter. 