AC Milan are hot property and could soon have new owners, with reports suggesting RedBird Capital Partners investment firm is eyeing a bid to buy the Italian giants. AC Milan are in the process of being sold - and Liverpool co-owners RedBird are ready to test the waters with a bid. According to Sky News, RedBird are trying to win the race against Bahrain-based investor Investcorp by offering a late bid in the region of €1billion (£808m). RedBird are already involved with Premier League giants Liverpool, having last year bought a stake of just over 10% in Fenway Sports Group (FSG), Liverpool's owner, for a reported $750m. Milan are currently in the process of being sold by Elliott Management, who have been in talks with Qatar-based Investcorp. The deal would have seen Milan become one of the richest clubs in world football, along with Newcastle United. All signs suggested a deal was imminent between Investcorp and Milan, which would mark the end of Elliott Singer's ownership. But instead, it now appears that an 11th-hour bid from RedBird could scupper their plans and see the club change hands to the American firm instead. Milan are soaring on the pitch at the moment despite the uncertainty over their future, and are leading the Serie A title race. Hoping to steal the title from arch rivals Inter, Milan are two points clear at the summit. The takeover also has big implications for a number of first-team players, most notably Rafael Leao. The Portuguese winger is wanted by a host of clubs, including oil-rich Paris Saint-Germain. Investcorp, Milan's potential new owners, were said to be desperate to keep the wonderkid at the San Siro and out of the clutches of their European rivals. And they were also eager to conclude a deal to sign Liverpool forward Divock Origi. However, Express Sport understands those talks have been put on hold while the club focuses on concluding the takeover. Milan are set to be handed a significant transfer kitty for the upcoming window, but all transfer talks have been put on hold until a resolution on the club's ownership.  