Property renovations can be expensive, especially for those renovating kitchens and bathrooms. Knocking down walls, adding expensive appliances, getting new plumbing and adding extensions can cost thousands. However, there are cheaper ways to transform a home without breaking the bank. Interior designer, Kate Watson Smyth has shared the “easiest and most-effective” to renovate a property on a budget. Kate, is the founder of award-winning interior design blog Mad About The House, and an author of four interior books. The interior pro exclusively told Express.co.uk that a “can of paint” can transform a home. She explained: “These days you don't have to paint all four walls from corner to corner. READ MORE: Interior design tips: Paint pro on why you should 'avoid white' walls “But you can just paint the ceiling or perhaps halfway up the walls all around the room for a modern take on panelling. “The one tip which will instantly make your rooms look larger and your ceilings higher is to match your woodwork to the walls. “No more white doors and skirting boards. “This simple trick will make the room look bigger as you aren't outlining the edges in white.”  DON'T MISS‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas soil - the soil you need to help your garden plant grow [UPDATE]Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [ANALYSIS] Kate also revealed that there’s no quick fix when it comes to renovating a home. She said that if something needs doing around the home then it’s worth doing it “properly”. Kate explained: “If a job's worth doing it's worth doing it properly and not trying to rush it or do it on the cheap as you will invariably have to pay to have it done again. “If your home is messy then you can work wonders with some new shelves or storage unit and a set of pretty baskets to help organise everything.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Before embarking on any renovation project, homeowners should set a budget. This allows them to effectively monitor what they spend on materials and labour. One way to save money when renovating is to shop around for supplies. Homeowners can save hundreds by recycling materials, repurposing old furniture, upcycling and looking around for good deals.  Shopping around online or on marketplaces where people are selling items they no longer need could save homeowners hundreds. Another way to save money is by doing a doing a lot of the labour yourself. Not hiring a contractor or decorator can help people stay within their budgets. However, it’s important that homeowners keep themselves safe by not tackling jobs that require a professional.