Jose Mourinho has been linked with the Newcastle job for next season despite the superb work Eddie Howe has done ever since his appointment in November. However, comments made by the Portuguese hero back in October have resurfaced, with the Chelsea legend claiming he 'would not leave' his players at Roma after signing a three-year deal in the summer.  Mourinho, who was sacked by Tottenham just over a year ago, took the reins in the Italian capital at the start of July. The Giallorossi have fared relatively well under his control, although results on Sunday could see them fail to qualify for European football. Yet reports earlier this week saw the legendary boss linked with the Newcastle job despite Howe's heroics this campaign. Mourinho would be promised with a big budget if he was to make the move to Tyneside, and that could be a huge factor for him leaving. But comments made upon Steve Bruce's sacking in October have resurfaced, with the ex-Manchester United stating that he wouldn't leave Roma so soon - ultimately making any deal heavily unlikely to happen. “Newcastle job? I’ve decided to stay, I’m not leaving," Mourinho said in October. “I signed for a three-year project with Roma and I’m not going to leave my players”. The Chelsea hero did, however, state his love for the city after being Bobby Robson's understudy at Barcelona. “I worked with Mr [Bobby] Robson [at Barcelona], one of the greatest in the history of the club, and I have always had a connection with those people and that city that I know well by now," Mourinho admitted. "I like to go there. I like the feeling of going to Mr Robson's home. I like that feeling. I like the stadium. I like the atmosphere. "They are a good, enthusiastic crowd. I like the Geordies." The Magpies currently sit 12th in the Premier League, having won three of their last five games. Their dominant 2-0 win over Arsenal on Monday evening showed how high they have risen under Howe, and his sacking would be incredibly harsh. But with a vast amount of money on offer, Mourinho could well come in to take Newcastle to the next level. 