The new savings account from JP Morgan has been getting a lot of attention from money experts. This week, Martin Lewis recommended it again and featured it on his show as the “best bank account” for spending abroad. JP Morgan Chase’s digital saver account has been piquing experts’ interest for weeks with Martin Lewis talking about it again this week. During a one hour cost of living special of The Martin Lewis Money Show, Mr Lewis said while it’s the best card for spending abroad, it’s not bad for UK spending too. The card offers fee-free spending abroad which can help people save a fortune on holiday. It also gives one percent cashback on all purchases, so it’s great for topping up savings in the UK too. READ MORE: Martin Lewis delighted as Sunak cuts £400 off energy bills 'GOOD MOVE' Andrew Hagger of Moneycomms.co.uk also recently said this was one of the best savings rates currently available. He said: “There's no doubt that this is a stunning rate for an easy access savings account. "It is head and shoulders above the stand alone easy access best buys paying between 0.90 and 0.95 percent. “This is clearly a carrot from the digital bank to try and drive new current account openings and in the current market l expect it will be swamped with applications." DON'T MISS:Money expert exposes tool helping Brits claim income owed [ALERT]Smart meters could save you £130 a year energy bills [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis urges Britons to watch out for 'hidden' payments [WARNING]   Since its launch, Chase Bank, from JP Morgan Chase, has also set up a refer a friend reward programme where people can make up to £400. All they need to do is open the Chase app on their phone, go to ‘Rewards’, select ‘Refer a friend’ and press get started. They’ll need to join Chase using the referrer's link and pay in £20 within 30 days of opening an account for both parties to receive £20 - if everyone signs up and meets the criteria that’s £400. Deborah Keay, chief marketing officer of Chase in the UK, said she hoped the new refer-a-friend offer would make it easier for people to recommend Chase. People can open an account and save the card in Apple or Google Pay so they can start using it straight away. Customers can also have as many accounts as they wish, if they want separate accounts for different things. There is also a small change round-up feature that pays five percent interest. Cashback of one percent is available on spending at home and abroad. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Chase savings account offers: 