The 42-year-old father of two works part time as a courier and as a kitchen worker yet has had to rely on his local food bank because he claims his benefits aren’t enough to live on. The single dad has told Express.co.uk how the cost of living crisis has left him feeling hopeless. Many have suggested Universal Credit payments are too low, and the cost of living crisis could create issues for Britons on benefits. David from Teesside has two young children aged 10 and 12 who don’t live with him full time, but come to stay with him on alternate weekends. To provide them with a bedroom to share, he pays £59 to the DWP in bedroom tax every month although it means he has even less money to live on. He’s just received a letter from his energy supplier saying his direct debit will be increased from £45 a month to £129. READ MORE: NS&I Premium Bonds: The UK regions with the most winners Because he has already stripped his budget back to the bare bones, he said there’s nothing else left to cut. David said: “I feel like there is no support, there is no light in the future. “I live on a very strict budget, I've cut back, but as I try to live frugally anyway it’s hard. “I've had to reach out for more food parcels, and look for reduced food products from supermarkets.”  DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives his verdict on Premium Bonds versus savings account [INSIGHT]Santander is offering 2.5 percent interest rate on savings [UPDATE]State pension warning issued to Britons retiring this year [WARNING] The dad of two continued: “My biggest worry is my electric and gas. “The increase is not affordable so I have not been able to meet the increased payment, this is going to cause me to go into arrears.” “I get a much lower amount of Universal Credit than a single mother, with them getting the child element, so my children can stay with me. "I don't know what else I can do." Unfortunately David isn’t the only one who has been plunged into poverty by the cost of living crisis in the UK. Single mum Carly Newman said she dreads going to the supermarket because buying just a few items can easily add up to £40. She told Sky News: “The supermarket definitely feels painful at the moment. "You sort of get that knot in your tummy every time you think, 'I've got to go to Sainsbury's.' What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The DWP said it is already doing what it can to help those on benefits. A Government spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We recognise the pressures on the cost of living and we are doing what we can to help, including spending £22billion across the next financial year to support people with energy bills and cut fuel duty. “For the hardest hit, we’re putting an average of £1,000 more per year into the pockets of working families on Universal Credit, have also boosted the minimum wage by more than £1,000 a year for full-time workers and our Household Support Fund is there to help with the cost of everyday essentials.” David, however, remains worried, and added: “My future looks so bleak and I don't know how I'll cope.” People can check they are receiving all the DWP benefits they are entitled to by going to the Government's website.  