The Chase star Anne' The Governess' Hegerty may have to fight to get her seat back after bowing out of the newest instalment of the hit ITV show Beat The Chasers. Anne contracted COVID-19 just before filming commenced, and her "life-long friend" and Australian The Chase colleague Issa Schult stepped in at the last minute to save the day. The professional quizzer has revealed that he hopes he can secure a permanent place on the panel. The pair spoke to Express.co.uk at this year's BAFTA TV Awards about the newest season of the popular ITV show. Comparing the shows, he added: "[They are] Quite different, I think. "You've got some good quizzers here in the UK." Hoping to make his rare UK TV appearance a more regular feature and potentially join the team full time, Anne jumped in: "I don't know if we can make the table big enough. Read More: BBC Breakfast's Eurovision coverage sparks fury with viewers 'Utterly ridiculous'  "Everyone will have to have massive widescreen TVs." The Australian quizzer added: "I'm saying yes because I want to come back," which prompted his friend Anne to comment: "If the bosses are up for it, I am totally up for it." The Chasers have all become household names, so ITV viewers will be sad to hear that Anne will be missing from their screens for the spin-off show Beat The Chasers. However, her replacement Issa stated that despite the experience being "terrifying" he was excited about the prospect of meeting UK quizzers and possibly having a longer run on the programme.  "I'm the new Anne," Issa said. "It was terrifying. Her shoes are very cold. As cold as ice! "We are lifelong friends. We worked together on the Australian Chase since 2015. So I've known her for a long time and it was sort of, 'Issa can you help me out?' and I said, 'I'd be delighted.'" To make sure Beat The Chasers offered the contestants the Super Offer element, not replacing Anne wasn't an option. DON’T MISS…'BBC has LOVED it' Rees-Mogg hits back at Naga Munchetty, branding Partygate 'non-story'[LATEST]The Last Kingdom film: Eliza Butterworth won’t return as Aelswith 'We tried everything’ [LATEST]'Disrespectful!' Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration viewers slam Tom Cruise interview  [LATEST]   Anne described: "What happened was Issa is the only Australian Chaser who was born in the UK. "So he was the one person they could put on a plane, and he wouldn't need a visa. "So really he was, you were the only choice," Anne joked. She added: "Not to take anything away, but we could have gone down to five Chasers." "But the thing is the big bosses wanted the super offer, which you can only do when you have the option of all six Chasers." The Super Offer gives contestants a chance to win hundreds of thousands of pounds. During the cash builder round, if the contender correctly answers all five multiple-choice questions, they can choose to accept a Super Offer, which allows them to play for a much larger sum of money. If the general knowledge challenger picks this option, they must take on all six Chasers with no time advantage. That means both the contestant and the Chasers have 60 seconds each on the clock. Beat The Chasers begins on ITV tonight at 9pm.