The RAF Eurofighter Typhoon, which is a European multinational twin-engine, issued the alert as it travelled between Aberdeen and Inverness in Scotland. The 7700 code, transmitted from in Scotland, indicates a "general emergency" and typically means an engineering issue with the aircraft. It is not yet known why the 7700 signal was transmitted. The destination is not known. Writing for Flightradar24, Ken Hoke, a Boeing flight captain, explained “squawking” is a way of an aircraft declaring an emergency with traffic control, so they can receive on-the-ground assistance. He said: "If a crew resets their transponder to the emergency code of 7700 (squawking 7700), all air traffic control facilities in the area are immediately alerted that the aircraft has an emergency situation. "It’s up to the crew to let ATC know what the exact situation is. It may be an aircraft problem, medical issue, or something else. In some cases, a crew may not elect to change their transponder to 7700 (it’s not required). If I’m talking to Chicago Approach and have a problem, I’ll tell them the problem, declare an emergency over the radio and get vectors to land immediately."   READ MORE: RAF 'surges' fleet of Air Tanker Voyager aircraft to Eastern Europe The Eurofighter Typhoon is a highly agile aircraft, designed to be a supremely effective dogfighter in combat. They undertake air-to-surface strike missions and are compatible with an increasing number of different armaments and equipment. It comes after it emerged the RAF surged two of its reserve Air Tanker voyagers for the very first time.  DON'T MISS US to 'send nuclear weapons to Britain' after Russia threat [INSIGHT]Stunning one-off picture of Lancaster Bomber in full flight on sale [PICTURES]RAF ‘ready to defend airspace’ as jets moved to Yorkshire [INFO] An aviation expert said the move was in response to "increased demand for aerial refuelling in Eastern Europe". The move means the RAF now has 10 AAR-capable A330 MRTTs, which is an aerial refuelling tanker aircraft. London Bureau Chief at Aviation Week Tony Osborne tweeted: "The @RoyalAirForce has surged two of the reserve fleet of @AirTanker #Voyagers into service in response to increased demand for aerial refuelling in Eastern Europe. The RAF now has 10 AAR-capable A330 MRTTs. "This is the first time the RAF has called the surge fleet into operation." Voyager is the RAF’s sole air-to-air refuelling (AAR) tanker and also operates as a strategic air transport.