The Duke and Duchess of Sussex recently announced that they would be visiting the UK in the coming days to attend celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Meghan, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, said they were “excited and honoured” to attend and would be bringing their two children along. Meghan and Harry visited the UK briefly for a quick stopover visit to see the Queen ahead of flying to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. However, their visit for the Queen’s Jubilee will mark the first time the Sussexes have made a trip to Britain as a family of four. Royal watchers have speculated that the couple could experience a frosty reception as it marks the first time the Royal Family will reunite with them following Harry and Meghan’s explosive Oprah Winfrey interview aired last year. Buckingham Palace recently announced that for Trooping the Colour, the monarch will only be joined by working members of the Royal Family on the balcony for the RAF flypast. The tradition forms part of the parade, which kicks off the Bank Holiday weekend celebrations. The move was taken by the monarch “after careful consideration” and saw non-working royals including Prince Andrew, and the Sussexes being snubbed from appearing. While allowances were made for some royals including Prince William and Kate’s three children, and Princess Anne’s husband Sir Timothy Laurence, the same rules weren’t applied to Meghan and Harry. Royal expert Kinsey Schofield claims the move would come as a “blow” to the couple especially considering some of the claims they had made during their Oprah interview. Ms Schofield, the founder of Los Angeles-based royals site ToDiForDaily.com told Express.co.uk: “Not having them on the balcony is likely a blow because it reinstates those insecurities they felt when they were members of the royal family… that they were outranked or that someone was more important than they were.” READ MORE: Queen 'gradually breaking free from the past' as monarchy evolves Ms Schofield goes on to claim that not appearing on the balcony could be a good thing for the Sussexes especially considering that they like to keep their children out of the public eye. She claims three-year-old Archie and Lilibet, who turns one on June 4, are not used to the royal spotlight due to growing up in America away from the Firm. She said: "However, they might not feel comfortable with their children on the balcony as they have not grown up in that environment and could potentially feel overwhelmed.” Since quitting duties, the couple have only shared a select few anecdotes about their children and only one photograph of Lilibet ‘Lili’ Diana has been shared with the world. The young tot is featured on Harry and Meghan’s 2021 Christmas card alongside her brother and parents. This acts as a direct contrast to other royal children like William and Kate’s three children who are sometimes photographed at events or engagements with their parents. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle told to 'reconsider' cruel feud with father [INSIGHT] Prince Harry book postponed 'so he can include information about UK' [REVEAL] Prince Harry and Prince William issued 'veiled swipe' over ‘rivalry’ [REPORT] As a photography enthusiast, the Duchess of Cambridge also releases portraits of the children to mark their birthdays. In last year’s bombshell interview with US chat show Oprah Winfrey, Meghan explained that she went into the Royal Family “naively” and didn’t know much about the Firm prior to her 2018 wedding. She said: “It wasn’t part of something that was part of conversation at home. It wasn’t something that we followed.” The Duke and Duchess then went on to make a series of claims about their relationship with the Royal Family including Harry saying he was cut off financially by Prince Charles. Meghan also claimed she “was silenced” during her time as a royal. She added: “Everyone from . . .  everyone in my world was given very clear directive, from the moment the world knew Harry and I were dating, to always say, ‘No comment’.” However, she went on to add that she felt welcomed by the Queen whom she described as being similar to her own grandmother saying she was “warm and inviting and . . . and really welcoming” towards her. After the interview aired, Buckingham Palace issued a statement saying that while “recollections may vary”, the issues raised in the interview would be addressed privately by the family. Harry has returned to the UK on three occasions since then – for Prince Philip’s funeral, to unveil a statue of Princess Diana with his brother William, and his recent visit to see the Queen with Meghan. The upcoming Jubilee celebrations will mark the first time Harry and Meghan’s children have visited with them. The Queen has yet to have met Lilibet in person after the baby was born last summer.