On their way to the Invictus Games in The Hague last month, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stopped off at Windsor to say hello to Harry's beloved grandmother, the Queen. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex had previously not attended Prince Philip's memorial service in March with other members of the Royal Family, and with the couple's main residence now being sunny California, their attendance at the upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June is far from certain. Harry has expressed his wish for the Queen to meet her great-granddaughter Lilibet, who was named by Harry and Meghan in her honour. But when asked in an interview with NBC News' TODAY show in April if he would be attending the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Harry told host Hoda Kotb: "I don't know yet. There's lots of things: security issues and everything else. "So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her.” Harry recently filed a claim for a judicial review over a Home Office decision that prevents him from paying for police protection for his family and himself while visiting the UK. READ MORE: Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' she attended at Palace   Harry wants to bring Archie and Lilibet to visit his home country but fears they will be "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, a representative said. If Harry and Meghan do return to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, they are unlikely to play a key role as they are no longer working members of the Royal Family. But they could make an appearance at key royal events like Trooping the Colour, where they may appear with other members of the Royal Family on the Buckingham Palace balcony. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "We still don’t know if Harry and Meghan will attend the Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month.  "Given the historic significance of what is planned, it is high time things were put in proportion. "Their presence or otherwise might dominate the run up to the historic events but in no circumstance will they be centre stage whatever they do." While Prince Harry's attendance at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations remains unclear, it's been reported that the Duke has signed up for a polo tournament in Santa Barbara. The tournament falls on dates within the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend, but whether Harry will actually be playing in a match on those days is not clear.  DON'T MISS:Princess Margaret snubbed Queen on wedding day with £1.6m tiara [INSIGHT]Archie Harrison milestone: Will Meghan release a new picture? [PICTURES]How Archie could get a royal title but Lilibet won't - 'very unlikely' [ANALYSIS] Royal journalist and author Omid Scobie tweeted earlier this week: "UPDATE: Prince Harry will play the entire 12 goal polo season at Santa Barbara with his #LosPadres teammates (@nachofigueras, @kekomagrini, Juan Guerrero): @FoldedHills Pope Challenge, May 6-15, Lisle Nixon Cup, May 20-29, Cheval Athletics USPA Intra-Circuit, June 3-19". But Mr Scobie added in another tweet: "*For clarity, these are simply the listed dates of the tournaments, not the dates of their matches. Don't read into it too much!" Speaking about the prospect of Harry missing the Jubilee, royal author Angela Levin told the MailOnline: "Harry's priorities of polo over Jubilee blow away any hint he really cares about his grandmother, whatever excuses he comes up with. "Many people will be relieved he stays away but not the most important person of all - the Queen." 