The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 has returned to the BBC screens with a highly anticipated look at the competition as it unfolds in Turin, Italy. As the British singer and social media star Sam Ryder represents the UK, fans have hope for a groundbreaking win. However, with Sweden close behind, the UK could miss out on a top-three place.  Eurovision returned to screens with the first of the semi-finals on Tuesday and as viewers across the globe tuned in it was a night of moving performances and outrageous costumes. Apart from Russia, 40 different countries competed to secure a spot in the grand finale which will air on Saturday, May 14. With the UK being one of the Big Five, the nation skipped past the semi-finals and will head straight for the finals. Joining the UK in this category are Italy, Spain, Germany and France, which means a total of 25 countries will compete on Saturday. READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut As Italy won Eurovision last year with Måneskin's hit 'Zitti e buoni', the competition was taking place in the Italian city. After years of dismissal, British viewers are convinced Sam was able to change the nation's luck and grant the UK the winner of Eurovision. Despite this, Sweden could cause some last-minute upset and knock the UK out of its top three spot, according to OLBG’s leaderboard The betting experts placed the UK in third place as the favourite to win, with a probability of 12.50 percent.  However, Sweden is very close behind and in fourth place with a probability of 11.11 percent chance of winning the competition. Ukraine is the current favourite with a 62.50 percent after Kalush Orchestra had the audience on their feet with an energetic performance of their song Stefania. As the folk-rap band was wrapping up, its member Oleh Psiuk said: “Thank you for supporting Ukraine.” While the country cemented its place as the favourite to win, Kalush Orchestra gained their spot in the Eurovision final. DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place [REACTION]Serbia Eurovision song lyrics: What is said about Meghan Markle? [INSIGHT]Eurovision Semi Final: Ukraine on road to victory - but UK cou... [INSIGHT] In second place is Italy with a probability of 14.29 percent, which came after Mahmood and Blanco took to the stage with a moving performance of ‘Brividi.’ However, the country is familiar with success following its 2021 triumph. This is also the third time that Italy hosts the contest having previously hosted the 1965 edition in Naples and in Rome back in 1991. Despite the UK’s position on the leaderboard, the nation has a good chance of winning the competition.  In the past, the UK has won the Eurovision Song Contest five times, most recently in 1997 and has also finished in second place a whopping 15 times. After his second Eurovision rehearsal, Sam opened up to Wiwibloggs about his motivations. The singer stated: “Just being around good friends, people all the time, having good support systems. These things are of course really easier said than done. “But you get what you put out. I think you attract friends and connections in your life that are similar to the energy that you transmit. I think that’s important.” The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 semi-finals will be airing on BBC Three on Thursday at 8pm. The Eurovision Song Contest grand final will air on BBC One on Saturday, May 14 at 8pm. 