The memorial of Baroness Margaret Thatcher was installed on May 15, and within hours had eggs thrown at it. According to local reports, it has now been daubed with red paint. The statue of the first female Prime Minister was pictured with red paint splashed across the back, and a communist sign graffitied on the fence near the memorial. Police said the statue is not believed to be damaged, but are treating it as criminal damage. The incident is believed to have taken place late in the evening on Saturday (May 28). It comes after Jeremy Webster, deputy director of the Attenborough Arts Centre at the University of Leicester, was found to have thrown eggs at the statue on the morning it was unveiled. READ MORE: Fury over Thatcher statue being denied Parliament Square spot Just thirteen days on, the CCTV South Kesteven District Council installed around the Maggie memorial has failed to deter vandalism once again. Peter Tully, who spotted the latest vandalism, told LinolnshireLive support for the statue among locals was evenly split, as it had a “controversial history”. Wayne Dean, a Grantham resident, said: “I never liked her but this vandalism is out of order. It's a shame. There's no need for it.” In relation to the latest incident, the police said: “Just before 11.15pm on Saturday, May 28, we received reports of a person shown on CCTV acting suspiciously near the site.  “Officers attended and found graffiti had been spray painted onto the barriers surrounding the statue, no damage was thought to have been caused to the statue itself. “This is being treated as criminal damage and an enquiry is ongoing.” The £300,000 statue was approved by the local council in February 2019, following a proposal by the Grantham Community Heritage Association. It was paid for by the Public Memorials Trust, a charity for commissioning memorials to important figures, rather than public funds.  South Kesteven council also installed a CCTV camera directly opposite the memorial in an attempt to combat the anticipated threat of vandalism, it said. The former Tory prime minister was born in the Lincolnshire town in 1925 and died in April 2013, aged 87. After her statue was erected on St Peter’s Hill earlier this month, Mr Webster was issued a £90 fixed penalty notice under Section 5 of the Public Order Act. The arts chief was filmed throwing three ovular projectiles at the memorial, which sits on a 10-foot-tall plinth. Lincolnshire Police said they spoke with Mr Webster and had handed him the fine for the egg-throwing. They added: “The statue continues to be monitored by CCTV.” The University of Leicester said it “does not condone defacement”. In an earlier statement it said the institution had a “long-standing history of supporting art and protecting creative freedom”, and that the matter was being addressed in line with its internal procedures.