Over eight million visitors flock to the historic city every year but raucous parties are blighting residential neighbourhoods after being converted to accommodate between eight and 14 guests. Meanwhile other residents say they now avoid travelling into the city centre at weekends due to the number of drunken revellers flooding the cobbled streets. After being inundated with complaints that peace and sleep is being adversely affected, York Central MP Rachael Maskell has called for the city to “move away” from its reliance on revelry. Ms Maskell said in a tweet: "As we enter this new Parliament, I am bringing a focus on the devastation that Hen and Stag parties is bringing to York and why we must pivot to become a leading family friendly city for the sake of residents and our economy. "York is better than this." Ms Maskell said noise from loud music and socialising at properties kept neighbours, including a family with young children, up at all hours. A group of residents in Bishopthorpe Road in the city wrote to Ms Maskell after two houses in their street were converted and have hosted noisy guests. They wrote: “York is known for being a favoured location for large party groups – such as hen and stag dos. “We are extremely concerned that these properties will continue to attract noisy parties, unlikely to show consideration to our neighbours. “We are now standing together because the conversion of these properties into potential 'party houses' is threatening our community, mental well-being and peace.”  Homeowner Jenny Walker said: “A peaceful home environment is important to all of us, especially after lockdown. "There are a number of young families and older people on our block, and I work long shifts as a support worker. We value our community, and our sleep.” Companies managing the properties claimed no parties were hosted there but Jenny insisted: "Seven or 14 people gatherings in York are unlikely to be booked for a peaceful reading weekend. “I feel that it is not fair that the council is appearing to be doing nothing to help us, and others in York, who are experiencing these issues.” A former York resident replied to Miss Maskell on Twitter, saying: “It’s a key reason as to why I moved away from York. I had no desire to bring up a child in that environment.” But not everyone agreed with the sentiment and one social media user said: “Surely there is bigger fish to fry. York is a tourist city, no getting away from that. "What is so devastating about it anyway? Surely it is bringing in lots of money to the hospitality sector?” According to the local tourism board, York attracted 8.4 million visits in 2018, bringing an economic value of around £765 million for the city. 