The Split returned after two years away from the small screen, with filming wrapped up last year. Delving into the world of modern marriage and the issues surrounding divorce, the gripping BBC drama has once again been a hit with fans. With the finale ready to air, the question on everyone's lips is whether or not there is going to be a season four. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Split. Unfortunately, the end is nigh for The Split on BBC One as season three is almost over. The grand finale will be airing on Monday, May 9, at 9pm, marking the end of an era as fans say goodbye to the Defoe family. Not only will this instalment be the end of the series but the end of the show as a whole. The BBC confirmed in 2021 that The Split would not be back for a season four, much to fans' disappointment. READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage At the time, the BBC promoted season three as "the most dramatic and heartbreaking series to date". So with just one more episode to go, viewers are expecting a lot when rounding off the show's story. While some shows finish due to a lack of interest and low ratings, this is not the case for The Split. Creator Abi Morgan had intended to end the drama with three seasons all along. Morgan explained to Radio Times: “It was always the plan and in fact, I don’t think I’m saying anything out of turn here, the BBC would have loved us to have gone on really. But I always conceived it as three. "I always knew that I wanted to build to this because at the heart of the show is this idea that not all divorces are a failure, just some marriages are finite. "And I wanted to show this fantastic, robust, complex friendship, which is at the heart of Hannah and Nathan's marriage. "So I really think that's what series three is about." DON'T MISS...'Couldn’t save him' Will Young addresses decision to throw twin out [EXPLAINER]How did Nicola Walker meet husband Barnaby Kay? [CAST]Emmerdale theory: Victoria Sugden splits from David in Jacob twist [THEORY] Divorce lawyers Hannah (played by Nicola Walker) and Nathan Stern (Stephen Mangan) appeared to have the perfect life in season one with a loving marriage and three children. The true strength of their relationship came under fire though when Hannah confessed to having an affair through an extra-marital dating site. In season two, the pair tried to get over this massive setback but struggled to return to "normal". So when The Split season three began, Hannah and Nathan were seen preparing to sign the divorce papers. But will the separated couple go through with it or are they going to get back together in the last episode? Going by the description, their future together could very well be hanging in the balance up until the last few moments of the series. The synopsis for the final episode of season three reads: "With Kate and Nathan's relationship on the rocks, Hannah makes a decision which shapes all their futures." The Split season 3 concludes on Monday, May 9, at 9pm on BBC One. The Split seasons 1-3 are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 