Richarlison threw a flair back into the crowd after opening the scoring for Everton against Chelsea on Sunday. The Brazilian capitalised on a mistake from Blues skipper Cesar Azpilicueta to score a vital goal for Frank Lampard's side. The strike cued jubilant celebrations at Goodison Park as the Toffees received a huge boost in their bid to stave off relegation from the Premier League. A blue flair was launched onto the pitch from the crowd in the aftermath of the goal. And after celebrating with his team-mates, Richarlison picked up the flair, ran a few metres and then threw it back from where it came from. The referee did not punish the forward but he could face FA action following his wild celebration. It was a feisty encounter on Merseyside, with five yellow cards being handed out in the first half, including three for the visitors. It was an even opening 45 minutes but less than 90 seconds into the second half, Everton were ahead. READ MORE: Joel Glazer could be about to look foolish at Man Utd if transfer decision made  Former Everton midfielder Leon Osman was commentating on the match for BBC Radio 5 Live. And he hit out at Azpilicueta's role in the goal. Osman said: "It is a gift from Azpilicueta. Richarlison presses him and he thinks he's got so much time when he hasn't. "He takes far too long; Demarai Gray is on hand to feed Richarlison who strokes it home. Chelsea were sloppy first half and that has continued." Former Everton left-back Andy Hinchcliffe also praised Richarlison for winning the ball back off Chelsea. He said on Sky Sports: "Richarlison should never have been able to close him down and gain possession. It's a cool finish." DON'T MISSMan City decide Gabriel Jesus price tag as Arsenal plot summer bid [REPORT]Real Madrid’s unstoppable XI if Ronaldo returns, Mbappe joins and two others arrive [OPINION]Real Madrid 'increasingly keen' on Ronaldo return as Man Utd set price [GOSSIP]  It was Richarlison's ninth goal in all competitions this season and eighth in the Premier League. He is Everton's top scorer and also has four assists to his name in the top flight. Everton came close to adding to their lead shortly after through Vitaliy Mykolenko. However, the Ukraine left-back fired over when in on goal. Chelsea then started to dominate proceedings and Everton goalkeeper Jordan Pickford was called upon to pull off a couple of stunning saves. Everton went into the match in 18th place in the table, five points from safety, after Burnley turned it around to beat Watford on Saturday. Meanwhile, Chelsea were attempting to solidify third spot. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 