The serving members of the Irish Guards have been held on suspicion of dealing an illegal substance, as well as running a loan shark operation. The drug sting was led by the Royal Military Police and has taken several months to organise. Those arrested were accused of alleged conspiring to supply drugs, as well lending money and other laundering offences. It's understood five of the six have been released on bail. The Ministry of Defence Press Office said in a statement: “As part of a planned operation, the Royal Military Police arrested six Irish Guards soldiers and a Coldstream Guardsman veteran from across the UK on suspicion of conspiracy to supply drugs and money lending and laundering offences. “None of the soldiers under investigation will participate in planned Queen’s Platinum Jubilee parades. “The Army does not tolerate any type of illegal or fraudulent behaviour. As this is now the subject of an independent Royal Military Police investigation, it is inappropriate to comment further." A source at Mons Barracks in Aldershot where the 1st Battalion Irish Guards is based told The Sun : “They came in like the DEA (US Drug Enforcement Administration) — kicking down doors. “There was no warning. We were told they had been planning the operation for months. “It wasn’t just the barracks. They searched the soldiers’ homes off base. “It’s all come as a huge shock.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William 'will worry' over Meghan and Harry Trooping the Colour is the first event to kick off the special Bank Holiday as the parade will return to London after two years held at the Quadrangle of Windsor Castle. It will see 1,400 soldiers, 200 horses and 400 musicians come together and parade down The Mall and at Horseguards before the royals return to Buckingham Palace and watch an RAF flypast from the balcony. Meanwhile, the Queen won’t take the royal salute during the Trooping the Colour parade for the first time in 70 years. Earlier in May, Buckingham Palace shared the Queen’s attendance at events through the Platinum Jubilee weekend will likely only be confirmed on "the day itself”. DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Remainer plot EXPOSED - 'Whitehall shenanigan' punishment UK and EU told to 'engage in pragmatic solution' to Brexit row Prince Harry 'will regret' Oprah interview as he's compared to Diana