Alexander Zverev is the latest player to wade into the scheduling row in the stacked top half of the French Open draw. The world No 3 will face Carlos Alcaraz in tomorrow’s quarter-final while Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal will meet for a 59th time in the other match in the top half, and all four are at odds over being scheduled as either the day or night session match.  Tuesday’s schedule at Roland Garros is arguably the most anticipated order of play in the tennis world in recent years. It will be a rematch for Nadal and Djokovic, with the 13-time champion wanting the daytime conditions while the top seed wants the new night session slot. But Zverev and Alcaraz, who will meet in the other quarter-final in the top half of the draw, are also at odds over which session they would like to be scheduled in for their match, and the German has now accused the tournament of showing favouritism toward the 19-year-old as he anticipates a night session to accommodate the young Spaniard. "Of course he's the new face of tennis but it should be more mixed,” last year’s semi-finalist said of Alcaraz, and he hinted at the world No 6 receiving special treatment as he added: “It's obvious in which direction things are going and who the tournament wants to see go through.” JUST IN: Raducanu's pre-Wimbledon plans finalised with Nottingham wildcard  The 25-year-old also said he was expecting to play the night session match against Alcaraz, who has already played two of his matches in the evening on Court Philippe-Chatrier. "I'm pretty sure I'm going to play at night against Alcaraz, because that's just how it's gonna be,” Zverev claimed. “I'm getting ready for that." But Alcaraz himself has shared his desire to be scheduled in the day slot after a series of night matches, claiming it would be “unfair” to give him another late finish. “Even if you finish at midnight, you have to look at everything that comes after that: dinner, physio,” he explained after beating Karen Khachanov in straight sets. DON'T MISSAlcaraz modelling game on Henman to topple Federer, Nadal and DjokovicFrench Open star's dad caught blowing smoke on court during clashNadal warned he is unlikely to win French Open by latest victim    “You don't rest the same because of the adrenaline of the match. If I play a third time at night it wouldn't seem fair to me.” Meanwhile, the big talking point remains the schedule that Nadal and Djokovic receive for their 59th meeting in tomorrow’s quarter-final. The world No 1 admitted the rivals would be making different requests, as he favours the new night session while Nadal shared his dislike for the slower evening conditions and would prefer to play in the warmth of the day. “As top players, we do make requests, but those requests are not always accepted. The tournament director, along with TV is who decides whether they want your match, day or night,” the reigning champion confessed. 