The Last Kingdom was a huge hit with Netflix streamers, as the historical drama explored the Viking era. With Alexander Dreymon leading the cast as Uhtred of Bebbanburg, the actor revealed the challenge of leaving his character behind.  Viewers were introduced to Uhtred in season one, as he went on a lifelong journey to find his authentic self. As he was born a Saxon nobleman but raised among Vikings there was a constant push-pull because he was torn between the warring cultures. However, after Uhtred discovered his ancestral home of Bebbanburg he fought to reclaim the nation, which was his birthright. As the season finale brought Dreymon’s seven-year run as Uhtred to an end, the actor opened up about moving on from the character.  READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show Speaking to Man About Town, the actor admitted: “I'm never going to look in the mirror again and see Uhtred. “But at the same time, I feel like I'll always be able to hear his voice if I ever need his battle cry. “He is a part of me and I wouldn’t have been able to direct like I did if he hadn't become such an intrinsic part of me.” Dreymon revealed: “I can switch it on and off so easily, it's like rolling out of bed now.”  The 39-year-old continued: “I feel like I'm supposed to be devastated that I have to say goodbye to him, yet it doesn’t feel like farewell. “He is such a symbol of the values which I think, for the most part, I share. “He’s always going to be there, I’ll never feel separate from him.” As well as portraying the character in the series, Dreymon also took the time to add director to his list of skills.  READ MORE:Emmerdale theory: Double Dingle death as two iconic characters leave [THEORY]What is The Last Kingdom star Eliza Butterworth's next role? [INSIGHT]What was Alexander Dreymon's toughest scene in The Last Kingdom? [INSIGHT] With season five being the final season of The Last Kingdom, Dreymon took the opportunity to make his directorial debut. In a separate interview, he opened up about it and expressed his gratitude: “First of all, I’m just hugely grateful to Carnival for giving me that opportunity and for placing their trust in me. “It’s a huge production with a lot of moving parts, very technical aspects and I spent as much time in front of the camera as I did behind the camera, so I was definitely thrown in at the deep end but I’m completely in love with it. “I’m just so grateful to have been able to do it, there’s just no way of knowing the breadth of the director’s responsibilities and what it means to carry the weight of that unless you do it and I thought I knew, but I really had no idea.  “It gave me even more honour and respect for that part of our world. It made me want to help the directors that I’m working with even more than before.” Dreymon continued: “To get them to be able to do their job because they have so much to take care of. “I think in the future in any way that I can take weight off of their shoulders in a productive way, in my role as an actor, I’ll endeavour to do,” he concluded. Although The Last Kingdom has come to an end, fans will soon be able to see Dreymon return to screens as Uhtred for the show’s upcoming feature film, Seven Kings Must Die. The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix. 