Britain's Got Talent boss Simon Cowell has told how his surgery to achieve an ageless face "hurt like hell". The record executive, 62, went on to add that he's swearing off Botox after revealing he didn't think he "looked a lot better" following the face-freezing procedure. A few years ago, the star revealed that he'd undergone a "sewing bioplastic-infused thread" face-lift to restore his youthful looks. The star spoke candidly about moving away from Botox to other treatments that are more painful. Simon said: "There’s lots of things you can do now. "You don’t just have to stuff your face with filler and Botox. READ MORE: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update "It hurts like hell but it gets rid of sun damage and unplugs all the c**p," he told The Sun. Elsewhere, Simon told how he enjoys looking back on old Britains Got Talent episodes to reflect on his and his fellow judges' Botox journeys. Simon admitted: "I love watching ‘the Botox years’. "All of us are like, ‘Christ, we had a lot that year. "Not so much that year… maybe a bit too much that year’, he added. He confessed that he didn't think he looked much better after having the procedure done Simon explained: "You know, the old clips of us are hysterical. "Amanda [Holden's] always like, ‘What was I thinking?’. I said, ‘Well, I don’t look a lot better,'" he said to The Mirror. DON'T MISS... Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb apologises over 'gender reveal' confusion [UPDATE]Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown [ANALYSIS] However, the star went under the knife back in 2019 with a “21st century facelift” ahead of his 60th birthday. The star confessed to visiting Dr Jean-Louis Sebagh, known as the 'Picasso of dermatology'. Costing £2,000, the non-surgical procedure involves “sewing bioplastic-infused thread” into the face to give a more lifted appearance. However, the result was slammed by Simon’s fans, who accused him of “ruining” his face. Despite Simon’s insistence, plastic surgery experts are certain he also underwent a secret blepharoplasty, a procedure which removes skin and fat from the eyelids. Doctor Yoel Shahar of Natural Look Institute said: “After careful review of Simon Cowell’s pictures it appears to me that Simon Cowell underwent cosmetic surgery. “More precisely upper Blepharoplasty. He also had a facelift and neck lift.” The doctor added: “Additionally, he has a sun tan and may have had a chemical skin peel since his skin texture looks better.”