Manchester United supremo John Murtough has reportedly promised Erik ten Hag he’ll be able to bring Steve McClaren back to Old Trafford. The duo previously worked together at FC Twente in the Netherlands. And, now, they’re primed to come together again as the Red Devils plan for a significantly better future. It’s been a dire season for United, who have endured a horrendous campaign with both Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at the helm. And that’s why they’ve turned to Ten Hag, with the 52-year-old set to manage the team next season after fending off competition from Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique to secure the role. Now, as Ten Hag prepares to take over United, his backroom staff is on the agenda. He’ll be bringing Mitchell van der Gaag with him to Old Trafford, with the pair working together at Ajax in recent years. And 90min say Murtough has ‘promised’ the new United boss that McClaren will be allowed to come with him too. The duo previously worked together at FC Twente, with McClaren manager and Ten Hag his No 2 at the time. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings There have been some reports suggesting United had blocked Ten Hag’s request to bring his old mentor with him to the Premier League. Yet after McClaren was involved in a meeting in Amsterdam on Thursday, it now seems like he’s poised to return. The 61-year-old previously worked at United when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost, coaching players during the treble-winning season in 1999. And he’s since ventured into management, where he’s had mixed fortunes over the years. McClaren won silverware with Middlesbrough before taking the England job following the departure of Sven-Goran Eriksson in 2006. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But he was sacked after failing to qualify for the European Championships, having marginalised David Beckham during his stint in the dugout. McClaren has since worked at Twente (twice), Wolfsburg, Nottingham Forest, Derby (three times), Newcastle, Maccabi Tel Aviv and Queens Park Rangers. And that experience should set him in good stead as he prepares for a stunning return to United this summer. Speaking last month, meanwhile, McClaren was asked about Ten Hag and his appointment at United. And he hailed the Dutchman, saying: “I never planned it [pre-season] to the detail he [Ten Hag] did. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “There was no flexibility within it, that’s what you did. There were long days, long hours, a lot of technique work and tactical work. “But I tell you something, the work was fantastic. “What he had built at FC Twente, when I went there, because he started off in the academy and he built his way through. “So basically, that club, he built. The philosophy, the culture and the environment. “The way they worked, what they worked on and that was through every age group. The detail was absolutely phenomenal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “That’s one thing that always stuck in my mind. He gave me those six weeks in pre-season to buy into their culture. “I bought into that within two or three days, it was exceptional work, he had total control over the environment and he basically allowed me to watch and observe. “That continued with his preparation for opponents and games. “I’ve not seen it before and I’ve not seen it since.”