Matt Lucas, 48, and Piers Morgan, 57, have both praised 17-year-old ake Daniels after the Blackpool FC footballer came out as gay earlier today, making him the first openly gay male professional footballer in Britain. Both Matt and Piers, along with some other celebrities, took to Twitter to express their well wishes. Matt wrote the message in full view of his 1.2 million followers. He wrote: “It's a landmark day in British LGBT history. “Brilliant, brave @Jake_Daniels11 - a professional Championship footballer with @BlackpoolFC - has come out. “Huge respect to you, Jake, and to your club and teammates for supporting you.” READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 Fans were quick to rush to the page to share their congratulations. @RobertFenech said: “Absolutely brilliant to see. “Let’s hope it’s the start of a hatful of players being able to be themselves throughout their careers.” Rachel West added: "From all the comments posted on twitter since his announcement, I understand why he didn’t for so long.  "Shameful bunch. Jake should live his life the way he wants… football is for everyone, regardless of colour, faith and sexual orientation!! Be proud jake". Piers also wrote: “Well done @JakeDaniels11” in response to Sky News tweeting about Jake’s announcement. Piers' former Good Morning Britain co-star Susanna Reid also tweeted to praise the footballer. "This shouldn’t have to be a brave thing to do, but we know that even in 2022 it is," she penned. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald sobbed in restaurant amid late fiancé's gesture [INSIGHT]Millie Bobby Brown looks unrecognisable at Stranger Things premiere [PICTURES]Michael Douglas' son Cameron made emotional confession on family [CONFESSION]   "Takes huge courage to be your real self. Good on you Jake". Earlier today, Jake named Tom Cavallo, Matt Morton and Tom Daley as sporting inspirations for his decision to publicly address his sexuality. A message on Blackpool's official website read: "This season has been a fantastic one for me on the pitch. I've made my first-team debut, scored 30 goals for the youth team, signed my first professional contract and shared success with my teammates, going on a great run in the FA Youth Cup and lifting the Lancashire FA Pro-Youth Cup. "But off the pitch, I've been hiding the real me and who I really am. I've known my whole life that I'm gay, and I now feel that I'm ready to come out and be myself. It's a step into the unknown being one of the first footballers in this country to reveal my sexuality, but I've been inspired by Josh Cavallo, Matt Morton and athletes from other sports, like Tom Daley, to have the courage and determination to drive change. "In reaching this point, I've had some of the best support and advice from my family, my Club, my agent and Stonewall, who have all been incredibly proactive in putting my interests and welfare first. I have also confided in my teammates in the youth team here at Blackpool, and they too have embraced the news and supported my decision to open up and tell people. "I've hated lying my whole life and feeling the need to change to fit in. I want to be a role model myself by doing this. There are people out there in the same space as me that may not feel comfortable revealing their sexuality. I just want to tell them that you don't have to change who you are or how you should be just to fit in. You being you, and being happy, is what matters most."