Bosch ran for seven successful seasons on Amazon Prime Video, following the investigations of detective Harry Bosch (played by Titus Welliver) in the Hollywood division of the LAPD. Viewers were gutted to see the drama finally come to an end in June 2021 but it had already been announced that a spin-off was in the works. Having hung up his badge for good, Bosch has made a major career change, switching from the police to private detective work. Bosch Legacy tells the next chapter of the former detective's story with some familiar faces. Besides from Bosch himself, his daughter Maddie (Maddison Lintz) and attorney Honey Chandler Mimi Rogers) also feature in the new 10-episode series. A new character welcomed especially for the spin-off is Reina Vasquez, a no nonsense LAPD officer who takes Maddie under her wing as she starts her own career in the force. Reina acts as Maddie's training officer and confidante, hoping to see if the youngster has the same fire as her father did on the job. READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut Talking about her Bosch Legacy character Reina to Express.co.uk, actress Denise G Sanchez said: "She's a first-generation Mexican American, the middle child of four siblings, who are all boys so she kind of grew up a tomboy. "She always knew that she wanted to be a police officer, she came from a somewhat low income family but definitely, there were some financial struggles. "And because of that, she was surrounded by some violence and robberies in her neighbourhood, and she always knew that she wanted to make a difference in her community. "It was really important to keep her brothers on the straight and narrow, and that just kind of transferred over into like, well, you know, I want to help my brothers, I want to help my society, what better way to do that than to be a police officer so that's where her heart is." According to Sanchez's IMDb page, she has been acting since 2010, first starring in a TV documentary called 1000 Ways to Die. Since then, she has had minor roles in Voodoo Vanessa, Criminal Minds, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend and Adam Ruins Everything, just to name a few. Sanchez moved on to one of her biggest roles to date as Andie in the NBC sitcom The Good Place. Last year, she also starred in FX's Mayans MC for three episodes as a character called Alicia. DON'T MISS...NCIS LA’s Chris O’Donnell felt ‘uncomfortable’ with co-star [CAST]The Contractor review: No surprise it all goes dramatically wrong [REVIEW]Reacher author details huge change from original books [EXPLAINER] Bosch Legacy is by far Sanchez's biggest role to date and fans are expecting her to have plenty more screen time as the series develops. In fact, Bosch Legacy has already been given the green light for a season two. The renewal came before season one premiered on Amazon Prime Video, indicating the streaming service's confidence in the spin-off. Amazon Freevee’s co-head of content and programming, Ryan Priozzi told Variety: “It was easy to greenlight the second season of Bosch: Legacy, after execs saw the 10-episode first season. “We’re ecstatic with the new show. We know we want to be in business with Michael Connolly [author of Bosch series]." As of yet, no official casting announcements have been made for season two. So there is no guarantee that Sanchez or any of the other main stars, besides from Bosch himself, will be returning for the second series. Nevertheless, there is still a long way to go with just the first three episodes coming out on Amazon Prime Video. From now on, another new instalment is going to be released every Friday until the finale on Friday, June 24. Bosch Legacy is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.