According to the Daily Star, a Reddit user shared a poster for the upcoming jubilee party, venting about how they have been been told that they won't be able to get in and out with their cars on June 4 due to the celebrations. Sharing their frustration online, the caption read: "According to two of my neighbours, it'll cost £7 to be on my street on Saturday and nobody is allowed to use the road."  The poster gave the details of the party, reading: "Face painting, games, prizes. £7 for adults, £5 for children, under 2s go free. Any leftovers will be put into a prize fund. To help contact Angie or Dee. "We will be closing off the road so anyone wanting access could you kindly use the Aldi car park as there will be children in the road. All we ask is that you purchase your own balloons etc for your own houses. Let's have a great day." This has caused outrage from fellow Redditors who couldn't believe what they were reading. One user posted: "How pathetic, as if it's not cheeky enough charging people for a street party." Another also said: "The nerve, the gall, the audacity! Pay to sit in your own street and you're not even allowed to take leftovers home! I bet they charge for the prize draw as well." A third penned: "That is outrageous – I’d tell them immediately that nothing is going to make you pay to be in your own street and you’ll be parking your car whether there is a face painter there or not." A fourth commented: "£7 to enter your own street and purchase your own balloons? They could at least donate the leftovers to local homeless shelters."     Other people were concerned about the impact it could have on the local area, with a user writing: "Bet Aldi is going to be pleased when their customers can’t get in to shop." Someone else wrote: "This. I worked at Aldi for about a year and tbh on a busy Saturday/Sunday, you’d really struggle to park. Can’t imagine what it’d be like on the jubilee with people getting last minute stuff for BBQs and their shop for the weekend… ParkingEye might make a few quid but I reckon managers would start noticing when angry customers come queuing up to complain about the lack of parking." Another wrote: "Who knows if they even got permission from their council to close the street. I'd be betting that they didn't." 