Netflix series Ozark is very much a family drama the Byrde clan at the heart of the story. The family ended up in a life of crime after getting caught up with a Mexican drug cartel. They moved to the Ozarks in Missouri, where Marty (played by Jason Bateman) and Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) continued their criminal enterprises. However, their arrival in season one ruffled quite a few feathers as the local residents weren’t pleased by their arrival. The Langmore family, in particular, took a disliking to the middle-class newcomers from Chicago. Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) even tried to rob Marty of his cartel money, however, she later joined forces with him. Her family regarded the Byrdes with much suspicion, but they weren’t the only ones to do so. Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery) and her husband Jacob (Peter Mullan) weren’t keen on the Byrdes either given the potential impact on their thriving heroin business. READ MORE: Ozark ending explained: How did Ozark end? While it looked like the Byrdes made their peace with the Langmores, the Snells waged war on the newcomers. Season four was the final outing for Ozark but fans getting a double dose of the drama. The last outing was split into two seven-episode blocks and released at separate times. The Byrdes faced problems from Ruth and Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan) after they teamed up with Darlene. Season four saw a battle between the locals of the Ozarks, including the KC Mob, and the Byrdes. Things finally came to a head with plenty of death and tragedy all around. Ruth is the only female member of the Langmore family featured prominently in Ozark. Her father is Cade Langmore (Trevor Long) but nothing is really known about her mother. There are some glimmers in season four when one character comments on how Ruth looks like her mother and there are flashbacks to fights between her parents. Ruth’s uncles are Russ (Marc Menchaca) and Boyd Langmore (Christopher James Baker) – who are Cade’s brothers. She has two cousins in the form of Wyatt and Three Langmore (Carson Holmes), with whom she is close. She grew up in poverty and lives with her family on the outskirts of town in a trailer. Initially, the youngster was a foe of the Byrdes but ended up working for them. In order to save the Byrdes, Ruth killed her uncles Russ and Boyd by electrocuting them on a dock. She eventually quit her employment with the Byrdes following the death of her boyfriend Ben Davis (Tom Pelphrey), who was executed by Wendy. Wyatt is the son of Russ and his younger brother is Three. Cade is their uncle and Ruth is their cousin. Boyd is also an uncle to Wyatt. Ruth is close to Wyatt and Three with the Langmores living and growing up together. Wyatt learnt in season two how Ruth had murdered his father. He initially distanced himself from her before the two cousins reconciled in season three. Wyatt is in a relationship with Darlene after she offered him a place to stay with the couple eventually tying the knot. Sadly, Wyatt's relationship with Darlene led to his untimely demise. DON'T MISS...Ozark: What happened to Wyatt Langmore's dad Russ? [EXPLAINER]Ozark: Why did Darlene really begin her romance with Wyatt? [THEORY]Ozark: Did Nelson allow Ben to live in twist? Star opens up [INTERVIEW] Three is the other son of the late Russ and his brother is Wyatt. Ruth is his cousin, while Cade and Boyd are his uncles. He’s close to his brother and Ruth but he was left shocked by Wyatt’s romance with Darlene given the significant age gap. Three is the only Langmore really left standing by the end of the show having stayed out of a life of crime. He kept a low profile which might have saved him. Ozark is streaming on Netflix now