With tension building over the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, and the application of Finland and Sweden joining NATO, fears are mounting that the conflict could spill over into mainland Europe. Normally based in RAF Lossiemouth, two Typhoon jets have now been moved to RAF Leeming in North Yorkshire.   Writing of the move, the RAF’s website hinted the move was to be more prepared on a national scale. It said the aim was to “ensure the fighter jets are always ready to respond at a moment’s notice". The exercise saw the squadron given a short notice order to "relocate and be prepared to rapidly commence operations" from RAF Leeming. The move is thought to be on a temporary basis.  Group Captain Prendergast, Station Commander at RAF Leeming, said: "The Royal Air Force stands ready to defend UK airspace at a moment’s notice – it’s what we do. "Working closely with our Lossiemouth counterparts, I was incredibly impressed by the professionalism and efficiency with which our personnel ensured that RAF Leeming was ready to accommodate this vital capability rapidly and successfully." The move was backed up by another senior officer. Wing Commander McAuley, Officer Commanding Operations Wing, added: “RAF Lossiemouth personnel from a range of professions, in partnership with RAF Leeming, have worked tirelessly to ensure the QRA capability continues to maintain the security of the UK Airspace. “This temporary relocation of Quick Reaction Alert to RAF Leeming showcases the RAF’s agility in delivering our capabilities. “Being able to respond quickly and professionally in an exercise or operational scenario is at the centre of what we do as a force.” READ MORE:KC135 sends 7700 ‘squawk code’ before heading back to RAF Mildenhall  According to the RAF, the Typhoon is a fourth-generation multi-role aircraft able to take on a range of tasks. Initially deployed in the air-to-air role as the F.Mk2, the aircraft now has a potent, precision role capability as the FGR4. The pilot is able to perform many functions through the aircraft’s hands-on throttle and stick known as HOTAS, which combined with an advanced cockpit and the Helmet Equipment Assembly, (HEA) renders the Typhoon equipped for all forms of aerial operations. The Typhoon is loaded with a powerful array of weapons. In an air-to-air role, it carries infrared-guided Advanced Short Range Air-to-Air Missiles (ASRAAM) and ramjet-powered, radar-guided, beyond visual range Meteor and medium-range missiles. DON'T MISS:M6 police chase chaos as car bursts into flames and crashes in field [REPORT]Eight month old baby dies after nursery medical episode – two arrests [REVEAL]Interest rate and energy storm tipped to spark chaos [INSIGHT] The Eurofighter Typhoon forms the backbone of RAF capabilities, fulfilling air-superiority missions such as quick reaction alerts over the Falkland Islands and air policing duties with NATO allies in the Baltic and Black Sea region. Since the retirement of the Tornado GR4, affectionately known as Tonka, the Typhoon is also the primary strike platform and carries out some reconnaissance tasks. Since 2016, the UK Ministry of Defence has worked closely with BAE Systems and Leonardo-Finmeccanica to slash the operating costs of the fleet at RAF Coningsby and RAF Lossiemouth. The 10-year Typhoon Total Availability Enterprise partnership has reduced costs by 30 percent so far. With the Russian invasion of Ukraine being a key global crisis, in March, the RAF announced the deployment of the Typhoon to the Black Sea to “provide reassurance” to NATO allies. Four aircraft from 43 (Fighter) Squadron led the deployment, joining NATO’s southern air policing mission. The Typhoons, from RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire, will spend up to four months based at the Mihail Kogalniceanu Air Base in southeast Romania, policing the skies over the Black Sea alongside local jets.