Margaret Tyler, 78, started the impressive collection of royal memorabilia 40 years ago when she bought a dish with an image of the Queen on it from a fair. Since then the retired bed and breakfast owner has spent thousands of pounds on her hobby.  She says that she doesn't go on holiday as visiting non royal locations made her “bored” very quickly. She told the Mirror: “I don’t go on holiday because I get bored very quickly.“If there’s not a castle or royals there I’m not interested. “This is what I enjoy spending money on. “People have even knocked on my door before asking if it’s a museum and what my opening times are.”  Ms Tyler also has a room dedicated to Princess Diana, including a carpet from the Grand Lanesborough Hotel on Hyde Park Corner in Central London where the Prince and Princess of Wales hosted a party for their staff in 1995. She said: “Charles and Diana walked on this carpet that’s now in my home, which is a strange feeling. “One of my friends was working at the hotel when it was being refurbished and bought it for me. “A lot of people give me items. The only item I think is missing from my collection is something of Diana’s. READ MORE: Meghan blasted for 'degrading' public' gesture  “I’d love a small item of her clothing.” Despite her huge collection, Ms Tyler insists she would notice if something was out of place. She said: “I can’t bear the wrong cup being in the wrong section. “They all have their own sections. It takes me a long time to dust every room, though. DON'T MISS:   Plan to 'sing Sweet Caroline at street parties' faces fan backlash [REVEAL] Kate and William spark rumours of possible fourth child [INSIGHT] Kate, William, Sophie and Edward step in for Queen in appearance TODAY   [SPOTLIGHT]  “By the time I finish it’s time to start all over again.” Ms Tyler has met the Queen four times as well as Diana, the Queen Mother, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. She said: “For her 80th birthday I made her a cake and gave it to her when it had been frisked by security. “I also wrote to the Queen when Prince Philip died, and got a nice message back. She is very kind.” 