So tough new measures announced in the Queen's Speech today to crackdown on idiots who deliberately cause misery for others will be a popular move. Boris Johnson has a knack for knowing what matters to people, but he knows too, as he sets out his programme for the rest of this Parliament, that bigger issues lie ahead. He has already got Brexit done, led the global recognition of climate change, got all the big calls on Covid right and been Ukraine's staunchest supporter against Russian war criminal Vladimir Putin. Now he must finish levelling up as he promised and, most importantly, tackle the cost-of-living crisis that will make the next two years extremely challenging for many. It is encouraging the PM is determined to "strive night and day" to do just that, because that is what it is going to take. It is a daunting task but, given what he has already achieved, there is no one better to give the public hope and a strategy to bring us through the tough years ahead. ---------------------------- Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has gambled his career on an issue - lockdown breaches a year ago - that the public has already shown is the least of their worries. He says he will resign if he is fined for enjoying a curry and beer with a large group of colleagues in Durham when most of us believed such gatherings were banned. He could get away with it. Given the complexities of the lockdown rules, Durham Police may take a different view to the Metropolitan Police over what constituted rule-breaking. But details of the curry have had to be dragged out of Labour and we now know it was planned in advance. Given the climate of the time, which he is only too happy to remind the Government about, did the pious Sir Keir not think to question whether a meal with so many colleagues was permissible? Even if he salvages his integrity, his judgment will remain questionable. ---------------------------- A Targeted treatment that blasts prostate cancer cells while sparing healthy tissue is a lifesaver that will give hope to many men diagnosed with this devastating disease. The pace of medical science breakthroughs over the past few years has been astonishing and this is another great step forward. No wonder former patient Paul Sayer wants it to be widely available.