Dead stars from Whitney Houston to Roy Orbison have been recreated for hologram tours posthumously, yet while all four members of ABBA are still alive, their virtual digital avatars now have a concert residency in London. The technology varies across these shows but is still controversial and it turns out Elvis Presley was dead against it. Some Elvis fans may love the idea of seeing a show like ABBA Voyage with The King recreated, but don’t expect it anytime soon. During last year’s Elvis Week, Managing Partner of Graceland Holdings Joel Weinshanker said: “It’s important that we establish and put forth things that Elvis would want. The money doesn’t matter. We will not do anything that we believe Elvis wouldn’t want. And that includes something like a hologram because I can tell you I chase people off with a stick who want to make a hologram of Elvis.” Aside from Joel believing them not to be any good, he’s spoken to three or four people who remember having a conversation with The King about the idea of him touring as a hologram one day. Joel continued: “It’s obvious that he didn’t like them, never wanted to be one, thought it was kitschy, didn’t think it was real. What he realised is there was no soul in it. At the end of the day, there’s no soul in a hologram. It’s soulless. By definition it is. For me, when I can watch Elvis, when I can hear Elvis, that’s Elvis. Everything else is a pale imitation.” However, fans shouldn’t totally give up hope given that the technology has vastly improved over the decades and ABBA are adamant that their motion-captured performances aren’t holograms but vastly better. Interestingly, Priscilla Presley herself won’t close the door entirely on the idea, saying it depends on how the technology develops over the years. DON'T MISSElvis movie reviews ‘Seductive’ King shines in 'lavish' biopic [REVIEWS]Elvis Presley death: Graceland upstairs still ‘as he left it’ [ELVIS DEATH]Elvis wedding: Last minute snub left Memphis Mafia members furious [ELVIS WEDDING] Appearing on This Morning in 2019 while promoting Elvis In Concert – Live on Screen, Priscilla said of a potential hologram tour: “No, it hasn’t progressed really to what I feel would be him. It’s very difficult to get his image. Very difficult because the way they do holograms is putting bits and pieces together But I think you’re seeing the real deal on this screen. I don’t think a hologram can really match what you’re seeing. I haven’t really seen it that perfected. I’m not saying it’ll never be around because it may progress on everybody really. But right now it’s not in progress.”