Gary Lineker, 61, took to Twitter to keep his followers in the loop as “dangerous” scenes unfolded outside Paris’ Stade de France. The area descended into chaos as fans struggled to get into the stadium. As a result, Liverpool’s Champions League final clash against Real Madrid had to be delayed by 30 minutes.Gary told his 8.4 million followers at 7.45pm: “Finding it impossible to get in the ground. "This appears to be very dangerous.  “Absolute carnage.” READ MORE:Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog  He later updated fans, raging: “I’m not sure it’s possible to have a more poorly organised event if you tried.  “Absolutely shambolic and dangerous @UEFAcom.”Then, at 8.15pm, Gary fumed that the delay was “utter b*****t”.He wrote: “They’ve just announced another 15 minute delay ‘because of the late arrival of fans’. Utter b*****t.” The game finally kicked off at 8.36pm after UEFA pushed it back because of “security reasons” and “fans arriving to the stadium late”.Footage shared on social media showed some fans appearing to storm through the gates with security unable to hold them back.Things took a dramatic turn when police used tear gas in an attempt to handle the situation, as reported by BT Sport.Presenter Jake Humphrey said: "We've just had a fan on stage here and he said that outside the ground it is absolutely horrendous and that tear gas has been used." DON'T MISSMonty Don details difficult time after he and wife 'lost everything'[INSIGHT]James Martin issues apology after tears for 'father figure' on TV[LATEST]Helen Mirren, 76, unrecognisable in heavy makeup and hair extensions[PICTURES] Rio Ferdinand also said on BT Sport: "We don't know what's going on but all you can pray for is people's safety.  “You come to the Liverpool match to enjoy yourself - you don't expect dramas or to get hurt."And Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard added: "That goes for both sets of supporters as well.  “You just hope there's no issues out there and everyone gets home safe."