Meghan Markle made an unannounced visit to Uvalde, Texas to pay tribute to the 21 victims of the horrific shooting. GB News breakfast hosts Anne Diamond and Paul Hawkins, who was stepping in for Stephen Dixon, discussed the Duchess of Sussex’s appearance with Daily Express royal round-up reporter Pandora Forsyth. Paul introduced: “This morning we’ve been talking about Meghan because she visited the site of that shooting in Texas. Pandora remarked: “That was a personal visit. I think in the case of Meghan she’s damned if she does, damned if she doesn’t. Anne quipped: “She took a camera crew with her, it is said in some newspapers.” “Wherever she goes she will be followed by cameras,” Pandora argued. Read more: Meghan Markle challenged over 'personal' Texas visit “I don’t think she needs to take a camera crew with her because she knows they’ll be cameras there anyway.” Anne commented: “She’s got Netflix following her around.” Pandora confirmed this was true before adding: “It’s a case of if she didn’t I’m sure people would say, ‘Why hasn’t she?’” “Well, they wouldn’t would they because she doesn’t have a role to play in this. If it happened in Britain God forbid we would expect a senior royal to go,” Anne hit back. “I’ll be honest I wasn’t thinking, ‘Where was Meghan Markle?’ When I heard about this,” Paul said. Pandora reasoned: “I will say though we did say with the Sarah Everard case the Duchess of Cambridge went to Clapham.” “But she has a role to play,” Anne said. “We would expect a senior working royal to go.” Elsewhere in the royal news round-up, Paul remarked: “Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will reportedly join the Queen at St Paul’s Cathedral next Friday. DON'T MISSQueen's biographer on how she really felt about Megxit 'Uncalled for' [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes 'looks moronic' after extreme back pain procedure [VIDEO]Ex-Tory MP on how backbenchers will decide Boris' fate [INTERVIEW] “This will be their first appearance at a royal event in a long time so it should be interesting.” Anne added: “And the newspapers are also saying that Prince Andrew is going to play a part in the Garter ceremony at Windsor as well which a lot of people thought he would not now be doing since he was stepping down from royal duties. “This is all peculiar we’ve been drip-fed information and we don’t really know how true it is,” Anne added. Pandora revealed: “We won’t know until the day it’s the same with the Queen’s appearance we won’t know until the day. “We do know she’s had mobility issues, that has been reported. “She has come out, she has been to various events now but again it will just depend on the day.” Anne said: “It depends on whether she’s having a good day or not and at that age with mobility issues it means some days you have good days and some days you have bad days.” Breakfast with Stephen and Anne airs on GB News from Friday to Sunday at 6am.