The State Emergency Service of Ukraine reported that litter in the forest near the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone had caught fire. More than a dozen firefighters and four units of equipment were involved in battling to put out the massive fire. At 2.10am local time, the fire had been localised to an area of 45 hectares. Video footage shared on Twitter shows the forest next to the Exclusion Zone engulfed in flames that are several metres high. Rescue workers wearing protective face masks are also seen leading a local resident to safety. The State Emergency Service of Ukraine shared footage of the fire on its Telegram channel. The service also wrote alongside this: "May 17 near the village. "In the forest of Vyshhorod district, forest litter caught fire. "During the fire, our firefighters rescued a local resident.  "At 02:10 on May 18, the fire was localized on an area of 45 hectares. "As of 09:00 there is decay of dry grass and stumps. READ MORE: Putin has ‘surgery to remove fluid from his abdomen’  "Sixteen rescuers and four units were involved in the firefighting techniques. The Chernobyl Exclusion Zone is an officially designated 1,000 square mile area in Ukraine around the site of the Chernobyl nuclear reactor disaster. It covers an area where radioactive contamination is highest and public access and habitation are restricted. The Exclusion Zone aims to restrict access to hazardous areas, reduce the spread of radiological contamination, and conduct radiological and ecological monitoring activities. DON'T MISSBrussels to unveil groundbreaking defence force TODAY [LATEST]Zelensky pleads to Putin as siege finally ends at steelworks [COMMENTS]Verhofstadt blows top at EU over lack of Russia action [REACTION]   It remains one of the most radioactively contaminated areas in the world, attracting widespread interest over the high levels of radiation exposure in the environment. The Exclusion Zone had been established by the Soviet Armed Forces soon after the nuclear power plant disaster in 1986. This initially existed as an area with a radius of 30 miles from the structure, designated for evacuation and placed under military control. Over the years, its borders have been widened to cover a much larger area of Ukraine. 