Emma Raducanu reckons she is playing her best tennis since winning the US Open after reaching the last 16 of the Madrid Masters without dropping her set. And the British No 1, now the highest seed left in her half of the draw, claimed she is feeling like herself again. The No 9 seed will face world No 37 Anhelina Kalinina on Tuesday as she seeks to win three matches in the same event since her stunning New York triumph last September. Her promising start to her first ever professional clay-court season follows six months of injury problems and poor form as a Grand Slam champion. And her ecstatic reaction after beating fellow teenager Marta Kostyuk in the second round showed the 19-year-old is feeling back in the old routine. “It definitely meant a lot,” she said. “Because just over the last six months, I've definitely gone through a lot of challenges and I feel like now in the recent weeks, I've definitely come to terms and have started enjoying the journey. MUST READ: Rafa Nadal offers stance on Wimbledon's ban on Russian stars “It is just coming back from getting knocked down again and again and again. And then finally, you feel like you're yourself again. Is it the best I have played since September? Yeah I feel like I've been practising really well in the last few weeks and definitely brought a lot of confidence from that. “I just thought to myself, just looking at my level on the practice court like: ‘Why don't you just replicate it on the match court and swing as freely and go for your shots as much’ and I definitely feel like I'm in a really good space with my tennis. “I think this is the most amount of matches I have played in a short space of time and I feel it definitely helps because at the end of last year, it was tough. MORE TENNIS NEWS...Madrid Open court 'like a swimming pool' as staff frantically clearNadal offers Dominic Thiem advice ahead of Murray clash at Madrid OpenNovak Djokovic admits to 'mental' struggles with Serb yet to hit form “If you lose early, you don't feel like you're building any sort of momentum, but I feel like definitely I've played a lot of matches so I'm feeling better and making better decisions in matches because I think that's a big thing when you don't play for a long time. When you have a lot of matches back to back, certain choices become automatic.” If Raducanu is gaining momentum like in New York, her draw is opening up just like then. World No 1 Iga Swiatek pulled out after the draw was made and Garbine Muguruza, Maria Sakkari, Danielle Collins and Naomi Osaka have all been knocked out of her half. Raducanu, who does not have a full-time coach, admitted she had “no idea” about her next opponent Kalinina but added: “I'll watch her for sure.”