Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has questioned the motives of Romelu Lukaku's agent by appearing to bypass talks with him and go straight to the new owner instead. Lukaku has endured a difficult season back in England following his club-record move to Chelsea last summer.  Comments made over his hope to return to Inter Milan midway through the campaign drew anger from Chelsea supporters and the forward has struggled to maintain a regular spot in Tuchel's starting line-up. He scored his first league goals of 2022 in the recent games against Wolves and Leeds, but has only found the net eight times in 25 Premier League appearances. There has been ongoing speculation over Lukaku's future at Stamford Bridge beyond this season for the past few months. And Lukaku's agent, Federico Pastorello, has come out and stated that he wants to talk with the club's new owners in the summer. He said: "The situation must be carefully evaluated, now there’s a Champions League spot to secure, and the FA Cup final: Romelu is totally focused on that, we have not talked about anything else. It’s nonsense to speculate on negotiations: Chelsea have just defined the takeover of the club, we still don’t know our new interlocutors, let alone if we can hypothesize talks with Inter, AC Milan or whatever. We have to be patient and wait."  Tuchel initially laughed when asked whether he would involved in planned talks between Lukaku's agent and the club's new owner. And the Chelsea boss appeared to hint that it was the first he was hearing about any such plans to talk with Lukaku. "If he plans to talk with the owner then maybe it's not his plan to talk with me," Tuchel said. "Lets see if he gets a meeting, maybe he can talk. "It's his right and we will talk to anybody and evaluate the situation of any player including Romelu."  Tuchel's main focus for now is on the FA Cup final against Liverpool with it being the club's last chance of major silverware. Chelsea lost to Liverpool in a dramatic penalty shoot-out in the Carabao Cup final back in February. Each game between Chelsea and Liverpool since Tuchel took over at Stamford Bridge has been close affairs and the German expects more of the same tomorrow. "It started with last season's game at Anfield, this season's draw at Anfield, a draw at Stamford Bridge, and then over 120 minutes and the penalties [in the Carabao Cup final]," he said. "I don't expect crazy new things from them and also not from us." 