Max Verstappen's Formula 1 title defence got back on track with an impressive victory in the inaugural Miami Grand Prix on Sunday. Having become the first driver to secure back-to-back wins this season, the incumbent champion now sits 19 points off championship leader Charles Leclerc. A potential tide-turner in the title chase could have had very different results, however, had Ferrari opted for a change of tyres during a late Safety Car. The opportunity for a risk-free pitstop arose after Pierre Gasly collided with Lando Norris on Lap 41 of 57. It was reminiscent of the scenes at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in December when Verstappen used a late Safety Car to claim a tyre advantage over then-leader Lewis Hamilton. And Red Bull team principal Christian Horner was all too aware his outfit escaped potential disappointment thanks to Ferrari's oversight. “Ferrari let us off the hook slightly when it went from a Virtual Safety Car to a full Safety Car,” he said. “Max had already passed the pit entry whereas Ferrari would have had a free stop, and they didn’t take it with either of their cars. READ MORE Martin Brundle fuming after clips of awkward Miami GP grid walk go viral on social media  “So we’re grateful for that because I think if they’d put the soft tyres on, that would have been a P3 today.” Verstappen's Red Bull team-mate, Sergio Perez, did opt to change onto fresh mediums during the Safety Car but was nevertheless unable to break into the top three. Carlos Sainz did an impressive job of keeping 'Checo' out of the podium places, though a brief power fault also appeared to hurt Perez's performance. Red Bull's win was particularly enjoyable considering Verstappen's struggles at the start of race week. He almost crashed in the final practice session and might well have improved his third-place finish in qualifying, but Horner lauded the "key moments" that paved the way to victory. DON'T MISS  “One was the start and then looking after the tyres, putting Charles under pressure, making that pass and then really controlling the race until the Safety Car," added the Red Bull boss. "And because the three DRS zones were so powerful it was very, very hard to break the tow. Pressure is mounting on Leclerc as Verstappen gains momentum in his bid for successive F1 titles, while Ferrari are seeking their first world championship since 2007. The tactics of each team will have as much of a say on the title destination as the driving itself, with the Italians second-best in more than one department in Miami.