Clarence House have announced the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall have arrived in Newfoundland and Labrador for their Royal visit of Canada. The visit will see them travel over 2,000 miles in the span of three days, finishing on May 19. It is far shorter than usual Royal tours, which typically last at least a week. Upon announcing the royal trip, Clarence House stressed the royals will highlight the importance of learning "from Indigenous peoples in Canada", in particular when it comes to climate change and taking care of nature. The visit will be Prince Charles's 19th official visit to Canada and will be the fifth visit for the Duchess of Cornwall. A statement on the visit from the office of the Governor-General of Canada reads: “This visit is a chance for us to showcase the evolution of our country, our diverse and inclusive society, as well as the resilience of Indigenous communities." The first day will see the pair attend a ceremony which "will reflect the province’s rich tradition of song and story and will include Indigenous performances". Prince Charles is also expected to deliver a speech at the event. On the second day, they will visit Ottawa, joining Governor General Mary Simon at the National War Memorial. Then they will meet with members and organisations from Canada’s Ukrainian community. The third day will see Prince Charles visiting the Canadian Rangers, followed by a walk next to the Dettah Ice Road with Indigenous leaders where they will discuss the impact of climate change in the area. The full itinerary for the Royal visit can be read here.   However, the tour has not been without controversy before it even began. Speaking on GB News, Royal expert Rafe Heydel-Mankoo discussed Charles and Camilla's short tour and how this is a "slap in the face" to the British monarchy. Mr Heydel-Manko said the short visit is a "case of the current liberal government in Canada not being very keen on the monarchy", adding that he believed the Royal Family were avoiding the risk of a similar situation to that experienced by William and Kate in the Caribbean. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have since expressed a desire to modernise the Monarchy, including removing titles and bows or curtsies. He continued: "Normally the Royal Family would come for a week, sometimes even two weeks, more than two weeks in terms of Charles in 1983, with Diana. "This is a very limited visit so there won't be many opportunities for public protests". The Royal expert went on to point out that this was the first time Canada was not issuing any Jubilee medals. He described the move as a "slap in the face of the monarchy". READ MORE: Dr Shola slams Alan Titchmarsh comparing Queen to Nelson Mandela [REVEAL] Royal author Omid Scobie suggested the Prince of Wales is the right person to carry out such an important series of visits in North America given he mastered his diplomacy skill. In an op-ed for Yahoo! news, the author of the unauthorised biography of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex - Finding Freedom - wrote: "Later this month, Prince Charles will acknowledge the abuse of thousands of Indigenous children by Canada's now dismantled residential school system during a tour with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. "It’s an important moment that will include time with Indigenous leaders and community members in the spirit of reconciliation. "As one of the only family member aside from the Queen to truly master the art of diplomacy, I can see why Charles has been tasked with such a sensitive trip." Canada is coming to terms with the discovery last year of hundreds of remains of Indigenous children across the sites of five former institutes. They belonged to youngsters who went through Canada's state-sponsored "residential school" system, a controversial legacy of the nation's colonial past. 