Poor insulin production is the precursor to type 2 diabetes - a chronic condition characterised by rising blood sugar levels. Insulin - a hormone secreted by the pancreas - is usually responsible for regulating blood sugar. Stripped of this mechanism, blood sugar levels must be tamed through diet and exercise. In regards to the former, some foods are better than others at slowing blood sugar rises. The varying impact different types of bread have on blood sugar control illustrates how tricky navigating this can be. Fortunately, the glycaemic index (GI) can help you to sort the good from the bad. The GI is a rating system for foods containing carbohydrates. It shows how quickly each food affects your blood sugar (glucose) level when that food is eaten on its own. READ MORE: Diabetes warning: Five vegetables that could cause blood sugar levels to 'rise sharply' Carbohydrate foods that are broken down quickly by your body and cause a rapid increase in blood glucose have a high GI rating. Low or medium GI foods are broken down more slowly and cause a gradual rise in blood sugar levels over time. According to Holland and Barrett, "your crusty baguette scores a whopping 95, but sourdough is just 53". The health body cites a 2009 study in the British Journal of Nutrition which found sourdough triggered lower blood glucose levels than other breads. DON'T MISSErectile dysfunction can signal two life-threatening conditions [INSIGHT]Two Covid symptoms you should take 'really seriously' [ADVICE]Barbara Eden health: Star, 90, shares longevity secret [TIPS] "The fermentation process changes the structure of the carbs, slowing the speed of conversion into glucose," explains Holland and Barrett. According to the health body, pitta, wholemeal, multigrain, chapatti and rye rank lower down on the GI too. Other low GI foods include: Some low GI foods, such as wholegrain foods, fruit, vegetables, beans and lentils, are foods you should eat as part of a healthy, balanced diet. However, using the glycaemic index to decide whether foods or combinations of foods are healthy can be misleading. The NHS explains: "Foods with a high GI are not necessarily unhealthy and not all foods with a low GI are healthy." "Also, foods that contain or are cooked with fat and protein slow down the absorption of carbohydrate, lowering their GI." The health body concludes that if you only eat foods with a low GI, your diet may be unbalanced and high in fat. Many people have type 2 diabetes without realising. This is because symptoms do not necessarily make you feel unwell. Symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: See a GP if you have any of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes or you're worried you may have a higher risk of getting type 2 diabetes, advises the NHS.