Lee Juggurnauth joined A Place in the Sun in April last year, and ever since, he has helped several house hunters to find their dream holiday home abroad. Lee, who also has a successful career within the music industry and a fashion clothing line, decided to turn his attention to property renovation. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the Channel 4 presenter opened up about what has it been like since joining the show. The 34-year-old discussed that while he has the best job in the world, he finds it hard to read backlash about himself online. He admitted he now refuses to read negative comments on social media. “The backlash of when an episode comes out, it's really funny because you're going to get a lot of love, but alongside that love, you're also going to get a lot of haters out there,” Lee explained. “There are a lot of people that say bad stuff and negative stuff, comment on everything, the way that you look, the way that you sound and what you're wearing.” READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle He continued: “Everyone's got an opinion and they feel the need to Tweet it, Instagram, DM it or whatever. “When we go out and do these shows, I think even though it looks like it's filmed in a day, and you're watching it for an hour, so much love and effort goes into making the shows a possibility. “[Ranging] from the research team back home in the UK to the production team and to everyone that is on-site making this happen, including the house hunters, a lot of effort goes into it. “They are very long days and to find the right property, it takes a lot.” “So, when the show comes out and you're getting a lot of backlash from people because they're so opinionated, it's disheartening at times and especially when they can be personal,” the expert added. “Whether it's your looks, the way you sound, the way you look, or the way you dress. “You know, everyone has an opinion, but I think it's really important to be kind, I don't read comments anymore.” A Place in the Sun, which airs at 3pm during the week, has also faced a backlash from fans over its repeated episodes. DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [CAST]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [VIDEO]Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [INSIGHT] Channel 4 have been airing special episodes of the programme on Sundays, however, fans have been kept waiting for new instalments during the week. Addressing the criticism, Lee thanked viewers for being patient and admitted he is waiting to see them too. "All I can say is thank you to everyone that's been patient, myself included because I want to see some new stuff was as well," he said. "My friends and family are like, 'You're going off to do all these episodes, when are we seeing all these episodes?' and I'm like 'They're coming.'" He added: "All I can say is they're all really exciting stuff. "Italy was great, it was lovely to be out there and I had a really nice couple. "We were able to help them find where they wanted to be and see their journey developing. "I think that's the beauty of this show." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.