Arsenal loan star Reiss Nelson is finally starting to live up to the bold prediction Mikel Arteta made two years ago, when the Spaniard insisted that the Hale End graduate had the "potential to do whatever he wants". Nelson has failed to make the breakthrough at the Emirates but is thriving at Feyenoord, with reports earlier this month claiming that the winger and Arteta will discuss his long-term future this summer. Nelson has carried the weight of expectation since he first graduated from Hale End and thrust into the senior ranks at the age of just 17 by Arsene Wenger. Although he struggled to cope with that in north London, the 22-year-old has flourished in Rotterdam - and he is starting to realise the potential that Arteta spotted back when he was just a teenager. Speaking back in 2020, Arteta said: “I know Reiss because I coached him when he was 16 and straightaway he caught my eye. He is a boy that is willing to learn and loves the game but I think he has been a little bit confused in the last few years – what direction he had to take, some of the decisions that he made. "Now I can see he really wants it and I think he has the potential to do whatever he wants. He needs guidance, he needs a little bit of a stick and he’s up for it. I put him to play and I trust him, because he wants it and I think he can deliver.” READ MORE: Four experienced stars Tottenham could sign as Conte demands change Since dazzling in a prolific loan spell at Hoffenheim in the 2018-19 campaign, Nelson has failed to shine elsewhere. But he's finally found some rhythm with Feyenoord after overcoming a difficult start to life in the Netherlands. A groin injury that was picked up early in the season prevented Nelson from starting a league game until December - but the Gunners starlet has made up for lost time since the turn of the year. He's bagged three goals and laid on seven assists and has played an integral role in Feyenoord's run to the inaugural Europa Conference League final. Although competition is rife on the flanks at Arsenal, the Gunners summer transfer budget is likely to be impacted by their failure to qualify for next season's Champions League - meaning Nelson could yet find an opening to muscle his way into Arteta's first-plans. And Nelson is seemingly now primed both mentally and physically to come back and make an impact in the first-team - whether that's at Arsenal or elsewhere. DON'T MISS: Bale's agent takes aim at Real Madrid and addresses retirement rumoursDarren Bent insists he would not sign Gareth Bale for ArsenalReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after stunning Wales goals Discussing his recent renaissance in Rotterdam Nelson told The Athletic: “Coming through the ranks [at Arsenal], I was — not fearless — but I just didn’t care how many training sessions I would do outside of Arsenal. I didn’t really care what I was eating. I was maybe staying up too late and I was just doing a lot of different stuff. But now, I actually need those extra hours to recover. “At the start, I hated going to the gym just to do little stretches. Now I literally have to come in earlier to do 15 minutes of stretching, then come back in after training to do extra bits on my groin or my hamstrings. “Those extra little bits are probably the main factor of why my season went from not really playing, being on the bench, getting injured, to now being in the team and striving for more in the [Conference League] final. Just because of that little bit extra I’ve been putting in behind the scenes, which is a blessing. I need to just keep doing that and hopefully just keep elevating.”