Sloane Stephens says she won’t “snitch” on the WTA following the organisation’s decision to strip Wimbledon of ranking points. There won’t be any points up for grabs at the SW19 tournament after Wimbledon banned Russian and Belarussian players from competing after Ukraine was invaded earlier this year. Former Wimbledon quarter-finalist Stephens is a member of the Tour’s player council and has revealed there were plenty of things going on behind the scenes before the WTA announced their decision last Friday. “I think the decision made against Wimbledon was the right one,” the American said following her French Open first round victory over Jule Niemeier on Sunday. “I think there were a lot of things going on behind the scenes that journalists are not aware of and I think there was a lot of mismanagement, how to solve everything. Let's get out of there. I mean, I obviously support our CEO, I support my advice, I support the players. “The decision that was made was obviously not made lightly. I think that when you are cornered and that is all you can do, I think that is why the decision was made and I support it.” MUST READ Carlos Alcaraz: The making of a star as first coach reveals secrets to success - EXCLUSIVE   But when journalists asked Stephens to enlighten them about the issues they weren’t aware of, she was unwilling to do so. “No - nobody likes snitches, so no,” Stephens continued after the question was put to her. “But I can tell you that we worked really hard to try to give everyone a fair chance to play - and at the end of the day it didn't happen. I think a lot of players and people around them were misinformed about what was going on and what was actually going on in the weeks before the final decision was made. DON'T MISS Novak Djokovic coach makes startling Rafael Nadal comment before possible French Open tie Rafael Nadal on retirement as he admitted 'goal' to beat Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer John McEnroe dismisses Emma Raducanu's French Open hopes with doubts over mental strength  “I think it's a little unfair, but that's the world we live in. We live in a world of social media. We live in a time when people are just talking and tweeting and so on. So that's how it is - but I think the decision that was made is the best for the tour and for the players.” Wimbledon have come under fire since announcing their ban earlier this year, with the likes of Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray all speaking out against the All England Club’s stance. The ATP also decided to strip the men’s tournament of ranking points, which led British No 1 Cameron Norrie to claim this year’s Wimbledon would be nothing more than an "exhibition" event. 