The Britain's Got Talent auditions are well underway and during the ITV series so far, a number of acts have impressed the judges, ranging from singers to dance acts and magicians. Simon Cowell has also returned as the head judge along with his co-stars Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams. Comedy duo Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly also made their return to front the talent show. The latest series of BGT is Simon's TV comeback since he injured his back in a bicycle accident. He was due to make his return last year, but due to the coronavirus pandemic, he decided to cancel the 2021 series. Despite his accident, Simon looked thrilled to be back on the judging panel and in a new interview, the music mogul discussed his future on the show. He went on to address whether he has plans to retire from his career any time soon. "I’d hate to retire, genuinely," Simon admitted. "Thank God I have a job I still love and it's a job where you've got a great idea or good idea or whatever and you really believe that you can make it happen. "There's always the chance that you can...it's all about energy. "I've seen people at 50 look exhausted, terrible, haven’t got it and in reverse, I've seen people in their 80s who have still got it you know, mentally, look good, feel good and are running marathons. "So, it's not quite what I thought you know, when I was 40 I thought what am I going to do when I'm 60?" Simon has produced and been a judge on the ITV talent show since 2007. When BGT first began Piers Morgan, Sharon Osbourne and Amanda sat on the panel with Simon. Simon also produces America’s Got Talent, which has also become a huge success over the years. After his accident, Diversity star Ashley Banjo stood in for Simon on BGT as head judge. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser opens up on back injury 'Couldn’t move around [INSIGHT]Tipping Point contestant makes 'history' as they break show record [VIDEO]Death in Paradise star 'cried' after getting rejected from role [CAST] When asked whether he has ever thought about walking away from the show and letting someone else take the reins as head judge, Simon simply replied: “Oh god yeah. “I mean, anytime I think no one's going to turn up [to auditions] anymore or the shows are going to get worse, of course, I would do that. “I have always been like that throughout my life. The [two-year] gap definitely made a difference, having that year off because it was feeling a little bit routine. “And it's a huge setup this show [to make it] so having that extra time, we all appreciate it more now.” “I'm praying that the audience feels the same way when it comes back on,” Simon added to Express.co.uk and other press in a Q&A. So far in the series, Amanda, David and Simon have also used their one and only Golden Buzzer. Amanda pressed her buzzer for The Greatest Showman singer Loren Allred, while Simon was left blown away by comedian Axel Blake. Children's author David fell in love with the dance group Born to Perform. However, Alesha and Ant and Dec are yet to give their golden buzzers away. Britain's Got Talent returns on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.