The best ceiling colour can often be an afterthought, while we spend months agonising over wall colour choices. But, with a little bit of design know-how and creativity, you can turn the ceiling into a statement feature that will really bring the whole room together. Experts have shared the effect this can have and which colours are best to opt for. Karen Knox, interior designer and founder of Making Spaces explained how painting ceilings can offer a “unique” twist to a room while on a budget. She said: “A painted ceiling offers a unique, unexpected twist to a room and will be an instant talking point - and it costs no more than painting your ceiling white. “It’s literally one of the most cost-effective ways of giving a room a real signature look.” As well as looking good, painting your ceiling can also enhance the overall experience of your space too. Sue Wadden, director of colour marketing at Sherwin-Williams explained: “Using a different hue on the ceiling can draw the eye upwards, making the most of the entirety of your space. READ MORE: Interior: Colours to ‘avoid’ in north-facing rooms - ‘stay away!’ “If your home has architectural details like ornate upper trim or tray ceilings, using a different colour will make those finishes really stand out.” To select the perfect colour for your space, homeowners need to think of their ceiling as “the fifth wall”, and view it as an opportunity to add an extra layer of depth and interest to your colour scheme. For a subtle look, you can go tonal and select a paint that’s just a shade or two either side of the wall colour. Alternatively, the ceiling is a great place to introduce some contrast. If you’re not sure where to start with choosing a colour, there are some questions you can ask yourself, explained creative consultant Michael Dansk. He said: “To me, the architecture of a room gives many clues – is there something that would be beautiful to highlight? What sort of light does the space have? What do you want to use the room for? And how do you want to feel when you use it? Should it be a calm and relaxing area, or rather full of vitality and confidence?” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ [TIPS]Estate agent advice: ‘Red flags’ to lookout for on property viewings [EXPERT]Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks [INSIGHT] Yellow brings an instant dose of sunshine to any room, and is particularly effective on the ceiling as it helps to replicate bright, sunny light in rooms that might lack it naturally. Karen explained that yellow is a great way to add “fun” to spaces. Commenting on a kitchen ceiling she painted yellow, Karen said: “The idea was to bring some fun into the space. “The room is east facing, which means the light changed dramatically throughout the day as the sun moved up and over the top of the house – with the yellow ceiling, the room now always has a little bit of sunshine.” When it comes to deciding on the best colour for your ceiling, Karen has some great advice. She said: “Always think about what the room will be used for, and how you want to feel when you’re using it. “A room with high ceilings can take a bold colour without it feeling oppressive, and try taking the colour down slightly over the cornice, if you have one, to help soften the transition into your wall colour.” Warm, welcoming and cocooning, red is the perfect ceiling colour for an entrance hall. Not only does it invite you in and offer an instant sense of comfort, but this colour trend also adds drama to an often forgotten space. Laura Stephens, founder of Laura Stephens Interior Design said: “The introduction of red helps to create a wrap-around feel to the room, while also drawing your eye up to the ceiling.” To find the perfect shade for a ceiling, Laura will draw inspiration from other elements in the scheme. She explained: “If the room has a wallpaper, I like to pull a colour from that and continue it over the ceiling. “Alternatively, I also like to create a tonal look by taking a colour a shade or two darker than the walls, and putting that on the ceiling.” Those who have low ceilings, Laura suggested using a “gloss paint” as it’ll “reflect the light and make low ceilings feel much higher”. From deep emerald hues to light leafy tones, and everything in between, we could all use a little more green paint in our homes. So if you’re short of places to put it, the ceiling may just be the place. Emma Gurner, founder of interior design studio Folds Inside said: “Considering the ceiling as ‘the fifth wall’ is now a much more contemporary way to approach the overall design of a room, and can add that extra dimension to a colour scheme. “Darker colours are great for high ceilings if you want to create a more intimate setting. “If you are opting for a contrasting colour on the ceiling, just ensure it’s at least two tones apart from the wall colour.”