The Eurovision Song Contest returns to the BBC tonight (May 12) with the remaining countries taking to the stage. Poland is due to perform 14th on the running order for this second semi-final. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the entry. Eurovision has been keeping fans on the edge of their seats as they witness the weird and wonderful acts of 2022. Tonight's semi-final will determine which remaining countries will be joining the Big Five - Italy, Germany, UK, France and Spain - in Saturday's grand final. Representing Poland is Krystian Ochman, otherwise known as Ochman. He will be singing the track River, with the song performed in English as demonstrated in his music video. READ MORE: Ukraine Eurovision 2022 song: Meaning of Kalush Orchestra's Stefania Ochman, who was voted the winner of The Voice of Poland, was born in Massachusetts in the US. However, he has lived in Poland since he was a teenager, which is why he is able to perform in this year's competition. Now 22 years old, he has lived in Katowice and Warsaw. The star studied at the Karol Szymanowski Academy of Music and his career was very quickly off to a good start. After The Voice, the singer released his debut single, Światłocienie. The song was streamed more than 300,000 times on Spotify in its first week alone. In November 2021, he released his self-titled debut album which was also a huge hit. The star is not the only famous performer in the family as he is the grandson of the Polish tenor Wiesław Ochman. Inspired by his internationally-renowned grandfather, Ochman learned to play the trumpet and the piano as a child. His Eurovision entry includes the lyrics: "Gonna take my body down "Right down, down, down to the river "Gonna take my body down "Let the water carry me away "Just float away "Bury all of my things "Bury me in my skin "All that I‘ve done "Oh Lord, I‘m done "Who‘d wanna be a king "Pulling too many strings?" DON'T MISS... Eurovision fix row: Italy singer Mahmood's experience exposed [INSIGHT] Portugal Eurovision 2022 song: What does Maro’s performance mean? [EXPLAINER] Ukraine Eurovision 2022: Who is Kalush Orchestra? [INSIGHT] The star is on Instagram and he has been sharing backstage snaps from his rehearsals, live from Italy. Speaking to Eurovisionworld.com, he said he did not want to think about winning. He said: "I am incredibly honoured that so many people like [the song] and support it. "I didn’t expect so many people to like it, actually. "As for the bookmakers, I don’t want to act naive and pretend I don’t know what’s going on but I try to focus on something else, he rectifies. "I don’t want to give the chance, and not saying that I would, of letting that get into my mind. "I want to focus on my music, my voice and hopefully that will be enough." Poland was in second place to win, according to the bookies. However, the country has since slipped out of the top five with the odds as follows: Ukraine 4/6 Italy 4/1 Sweden 6/1 UK 9/1 Spain 16/1 These odds are according to Betfair. Ochman admitted this time last year he did not feel like he was prepared for Eurovision. However, he said it was "worth a try" and he will sing the best he can. Eurovision returns tonight, May 12, for the second semi-final on BBC Three.