Manchester United’s interest in Frenkie de Jong appears to be intensifying. Though claims a deal is 95 per cent agreed have been put down, there does appear to be credence to the Red Devils’ interest in the Barcelona star. And, as a result, fans on social media have been getting creative by mocking him into a United shirt. Manchester United want to sign a new midfielder this summer, with Erik ten Hag identifying that area of their squad as one in need of improvement. Nemanja Matic has already confirmed he’ll be on the move, with Jose Mourinho on the lookout for a reunion at Roma. And Paul Pogba, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard are also set to leave in the coming weeks with the trio all out of contract. United now appear to be targeting De Jong, who could be allowed to leave Barcelona as they look to balance their finances before June 30. And with rumours intensifying, fans on social media have been getting creative by mocking up images of De Jong in United gear. Twitter user @Castro1021 shared an image of the 24-year-old wearing the team’s current strip, with the club badge next to it. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Another user, @SanxachoSzn, uploaded De Jong mocked up in United colours with his arms outstretched and a big smile on his face. And @HateAlmighty_ put De Jong in the full kit, wearing the No 21 that’s current occupied by Edinson Cavani. United appear to believe they have a chance of landing the Netherlands international, who previously impressed under Ten Hag at Ajax. And that’s at a time where four of their other targets look likely to stay at their respective clubs. Declan Rice has long been of interest, with the Red Devils admiring him since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s time in the dugout. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But West Ham are adamant the England international won’t be allowed to leave for anything less than £150million. The Hammers have also offered him a new eight-year contract to ward off interest from United, Manchester City and Chelsea. And, as things stand, the Red Devils’ chances of luring Rice away from the London Stadium appear remote. Likewise with Kalvin Phillips. United have previously raided Leeds for the likes of Eric Cantona and Alan Smith, who then proceeded to win trophies at Old Trafford. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But Phillips has no intention of leaving Elland Road for their fierce rivals and following in the footsteps of the pair. Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham is another player United admire. However, the Bundesliga giants won’t let another key asset depart the Westfalenstadion having already agreed to sell Erling Haaland to Manchester City. And Lazio have made it known their midfield general Sergej Milinkovic-Savic isn’t on the market, too. Meanwhile, in 2019, Ten Hag hailed De Jong for his composure on the pitch. Speaking when they were working at Ajax, the 52-year-old said: "He is always calm and always has the solution. He scans so well that he always knows how to go forward. "You can hardly put him under pressure – that is such a great gift." In a separate interview, he then said of the Barcelona star: "The quality of your players decide how you will play, and with what system. We had to find a way to make Frenkie function in the best possible way. "You saw his incredible talent, but where do we have to use him to get the best out of him and his talent? “Eventually I decided to play with two 'No.6 players' on the pitch. "Once I did this you saw how much better he became on the pitch, and how much better he made the whole team play and especially the attackers."