Mohamed Salah "needs Liverpool" as much as they need him, according to former Chelsea left-back Scott Minto. The pundit says he would consider leaving Salah, who's out of contract at Anfield at the end of next season, out of his starting XI for the Champions League final against Real Madrid on Saturday. The Egyptian said on Wednesday he would "definitely" be staying with the Reds for the next 12 months at least. However, it remains to be seen if Liverpool are prepared to enter next season with Salah in the last year of his deal. The 29-year-old's form has dropped off dramatically in recent months after a scintillating start to the campaign. Minto says Salah will not be able to better his career by leaving Liverpool. However, he reckons the arrival of Luis Diaz in January means his spot in Jurgen Klopp's side is not as certain as it once was. Minto told talkSPORT: "Liverpool need him but I think he needs Liverpool, I really do. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel urged to re-sign defender who 'man-marked Mo Salah out of a game'  "I think anywhere else is a downward move. I think City and Liverpool are the best two teams in the world right now. "Real Madrid, yeah they've won La Liga and yes they're in the final of the Champions League, [but] I still don't think they're in the same league as either City or Liverpool. What Luis Diaz has done coming in doing so well with the players they've already got... "Let's just say he were to leave, that would be a massive blow. But actually in the second half of this season, he hasn't contributed like he did in the first half. "I would put Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane ahead of him right now. One-off game against Real Madrid, if I could only play two of those three, I would play Luis Diaz and Mane. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'could submit first Nkunku bid next week' with agent talks underway [GOSSIP]Cristiano Ronaldo 'missing farewell meal' speaks volumes about Man Utd star [OPINION]Liverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Tchouameni's private declaration [TRANSFERS]  "I don't think Salah has been anywhere near the level he was first [half of the season]. First half of the season he was the best player on the planet. "Second half of the season, Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane for me, better." Salah held a press conference this week where he refused to speak about his contract situation but only confirmed he would not be leaving this summer. He said: "In my mind, I don't focus on the contract. I don't want to be selfish at all. I said two months ago it's about the team. It's an important week for us. "I'm just focused on the team and winning the Champions League again. I want to see Hendo [Jordan Henderson] with the trophy in the hands and hopefully he gives it to me. I don't want to talk about the contract now, I'm staying next season for sure, that's clear."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here