World No.4 Stefanos Tsitsipas is the latest tennis star to slam Wimbledon’s decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players from competing, describing the decision as ‘not nice’. Late last month bosses for the British Grand Slam confirmed Russian and Belarusian competitors would be unable to take part due to Vladimir Putin’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine. The decision means men’s world No.2 Daniil Medvedev will be unable to take part this summer, as well as his compatriot and fellow top 10 player, Andrey Rublev. On the women’s side of the draw notable absences include world No.4 Aryna Sabalenka, and world No.15 Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova - who previously called for the war to end. Greek star Tsitsipas has defended his fellow players, and criticised the decision. He said: “It is not nice that they are not allowed to play, I believe. They have done nothing wrong to be automatically defaulted from that competition.” The world No.4 is not the first star to slam the ban, as he joins the likes of Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray in criticising Wimbledon bosses. World No.1 Djokovic was himself omitted from a Grand Slam this year, after he was deported ahead of the Australian Open due to not having the COVID-19 vaccine. JUST IN: Piers Morgan praises Naomi Osaka following Michael Jordan revelation - 'Finally!' Making reference to his own situation earlier in the year he said: “It's not the same thing, but going through something similar earlier this year for myself, it's frustrating knowing that you're not able to play. I still stand by my position that I don't support the [Wimbledon] decision. I think it's just not fair, it's not right, but it is what it is." British star Murray also echoed these thoughts, but does believe there is ‘no right answer’ to the difficult situation surrounding Russian and Belarusian athletes. He commented: “My understanding of the guidance was that Russians and Belarusians can play if they sign a declaration that they're against the war and against the Russian regime. "I'm not sure how comfortable I would feel if something happened to one of the players or their families." Nadal said similar and described Wimbledon’s stance as ‘very unfair’. “I think it's very unfair [on] my Russian tennis mates, my colleagues,” Nadal told the press at the Madrid Open. “It's not their fault what's happening in this moment with the war. I'm sorry for them, Wimbledon just took their decision... The government didn't force them to do it. Let's see what happens in the next weeks, if the players will take some kind of decision in that regard.”