Kerry Knight starred in the eighth outing of MAFS Australia which premiered in 2021. With high hopes of finding her one true love during the experiment, Kerry walked down the aisle to meet her "husband", theatre producer Johnny Balbuziente. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the whereabouts of Kerry Knight a year on from the E4 reality show. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from MAFS Australia.When Kerry was matched up with Johnny, fans had high hopes for their future. They had a strong connection from the very beginning, clearly over the moon when they laid eyes on one another for the first time. "As soon as I saw her bright smile….the breath just came out of me. She’s stunning, she’s incredible. I seriously can not wipe this smile off my face," Johnny told the cameras after the wedding. Unlike many of the other newlyweds, their romance went from strength to strength, resulting in them staying together after the final commitment ceremony. READ MORE: ‘He was two dimensional’ Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises Cain More than a year after meeting each other during the social experiment, Kerry and Johnny are still a couple. In fact, in June last year, the reality stars moved in together, residing somewhere in Brisbane, Australia, according to Kerry's Instagram bio. Making the announcement on social media, Kerry posted: "HOME SWEET HOME. It's been a big weekend moving into our new place! "Never too busy to have a bit of fun with it though." While they aren't quite ready to walk down the aisle in real life, Kerry and Johnny did make another commitment to one another. For her 31st birthday last year, Johnny surprised his girlfriend with a puppy called Enzo. She shared a cute picture of herself holding up the labradoodle pub, exclaiming he has "a whole lotta personality!" Kerry added: "We’re feeling incredibly blessed to “know” so many kind-hearted people on here, cheering us on and sharing in our joy! Let’s keep the good times rolling." DON'T MISS...What is Bargain Hunt expert Christina Trevanion's nationality? [EXPERT]Jess and Dan MAFS Australia: What happened to Jessica and Dan?  [CAST]Melissa and John MAFS Australia: What happened to Melissa and John? [EXPLAINER] The 31-year-old is believed to still be working as an occupational therapist, the job she had prior to starring in MAFS Australia. Meanwhile, her other half Johnny is now more concentrating on his acting career following their reality show stint. He is currently starring in the Roald Dahl production of The Twits at the Sydney Opera House. With Kerry and Johnny's love story still going strong, fans can look forward to more matches being made in the future. Married at First Sight UK will be back for another series later this year where more couples are to be matched with complete strangers. The reality show is going to have a whopping 30 episodes for fans to enjoy when it does make a comeback. Married at First Sight Australia is also expected to return for its 10th season. Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.