Faye (played by Ellie Leach) was full of optimism for her future as the latest episode of Coronation Street got underway, at the same time Toyah (Georgia Taylor) was preparing to marry Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo). However, both women's days didn't go as planned as the youngster discovered she could no longer have children of her own and the blushing bride seemed more persistent to get her hands on Abi Franklin's (Sally Carman) child. This last scenario is unlikely to happen as it's been reported the character of Imran is being written out of the ITV soap so could Toyah end up embarking on the journey of motherhood with Faye's help? Having thought she was pregnant a few weeks ago, Faye made an appointment with Dr Gaddas (Christine Mackie) to discover what was really going on with her. The medical professional explained to the young woman: "The good news is there doesn't seem to be any sign of anything cancerous." "I knew it would be ok," Faye replied, but her mood suddenly changed when she discovered there was something very serious going on with her body. "But the tests do show significant hormonal change," Dr Gaddas continued, adding: "Faye, you have something called premature ovarian failure. It means your ovaries can no longer produce eggs, which is why your periods have stopped." "Can't you make them start again?" the young woman asked, knowing she desperately wanted to have children of her own with Craig Tinker (Colson Smith). READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' Dr Gaddas explained: "I'm afraid we can't make the ovaries start producing eggs once they have stopped. But we can treat the condition with something called hormone replacement therapy." "Hang on, isn't that for women with menopause? Are you saying that's what's happening to me?" Faye asked the doctor. The medical professional replied: "Premature ovarian failure is sometimes called, early menopause. Although that is a term we don't like to use." In a state of disbelief, Faye remarked: "I can't have menopause. I'm only 20." "It can sometimes affect the young. It's rare and I am sorry it's happened to you," Dr Gaddas continued, before her patient asked a few more tough questions, hinting she could end up carrying someone else's child. "Is this going to turn me into an old woman?" the young woman asked, with Dr Gaddas reassuring her the treatment would not age her and would rather manage her symptoms. "Does this mean I can't have any more children?" Faye asked, knowing well this could be the end of her chance of being a mother. Dr Gaddas replied: "Not using your own eggs. It is possible for you to be a surrogate with an IVF donor," to which the young woman followed up: "But the baby won't be mine, will it?" "Not genetically, no," the medical professional remarked, turning Faye's world upside down in the space of only a few minutes. "But I want to have a family, I want to be a mum," Tim Metcalfe's (Joe Duttine) daughter said, with Dr Gaddas telling her: "I'm sorry Faye, this must be a huge shock." DON'T MISS...Daniel Brocklebank frets as NHS sent to Ukraine - 'Yet, UK wait hours' [COMMENT]Corrie’s Bill Roache admits he ‘really fancied’ Queen when they met [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT] Discussing how she has already had one chance at motherhood, Faye said: "I had a baby and I gave her away because I wasn't ready. "I thought I would have more time. I'd have more children. Me and Craig, we've spoken about being parents one day," she continued. "As I said, there are ways to make it possible," the medical professional remarked, but Faye asked: "I can't have any more of my own kids ever again, can I?" Dr Gaddas shook her head to signify Faye couldn't have any more children but as she already said, this doesn't mean she couldn't carry a baby for someone else. It is well known Toyah cannot have her own children, with the soap having explored her infertility many times in the past. At the moment, it seems getting her hands on baby Alfie could be her only option of being a mother but when Imran leaves the cobbles, she will have no legal rights over the child. It is very likely he will either be adopted by another family or Abi will take sole custody of the child or in fact, Imran could run away with him. Despite all this happening, Toyah will still want a child of her own as she has been desperate to become a mother for so long. Seeing how heartbroken she is, Faye could offer to be her surrogate if she wanted to raise a baby of her own as she wouldn't be able to foster on her own. Over the moon her chances of being a mother haven't been snatched away from her, the beloved character could agree to the deal. The only problem would be is if Faye were to become attached to the child whilst she was pregnant with it and this could lead to another tragic twist. Once the baby is born, Faye might not be able to hand it over as she now sees the child as her own and she could see her and Craig raising it. Toyah would remind her of the deal they struck, to which the young woman would turn around and state she has changed her mind. This would be an extremely cruel twist as legally, Toyah wouldn't have a foot to stand on given she did not give birth to the child. Will Toyah ever be able to have her own children or will she have to accept it is never going to happen for her? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.