Grace’s home was built by her father, the son of Irish immigrants, in 1929. She was one of four and had two older siblings, Margaret and John, and a younger sister, Elizabeth. They grew up in a large house in small, close-knit Catholic community in Philadelphia. Pictures of Grace’s childhood home show a large, red-brick house with a wide, white porch surrounding a black door. There are many windows on the front of the house, all made up of small squares in white frames, complete with black shutters. The house – both outside and inside – has been restored in recent years to look exactly how it did when Grace was a child. There are images of her with her parents in their living room when she was just 26 years old, in 1956, showing them the new engagement ring given to her days prior by Prince Rainier. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Murder rocks the village as Moira Barton kills again This living room has been photographed more recently, barely changed since the 1950s. Interiors expert and tablescape curator Stacey Hartley said Grace’s former home “definitely has a warmth and a charm about it”. “The exterior looks like it wouldn't go amiss in the English countryside and that is also reflected in the interior too,” she noted. “A warm feeling, filled with treasures and absolutely looks like a home that was lived in and loved. A house that looks inviting both outside and inside.” DON'T MISS: Corrie's Antony Cotton accidentally lets HUGE soap spoiler slip [COMMENT]Chris Gascoyne health: Coronation Street actor on 'alcohol problems' [COMMENT]Ryan Thomas shares 'insane' body transformation after 12 weeks [PICTURES] The interiors expert went on to explain that the house’s design is “very 1930s” and would have “definitely been on trend” during that decade. She continued: “The maximalism is therein featured items such as the dramatic wallpaper and also the statement furniture. Something that people still want to this day. “There is almost a cottage feel to the decor of that era and that is what makes it feel so inviting. “The wooden floors and chairs combined with the statement floral and maximal upholstery and wallpaper creates a sense of a place that was cherished and would make you feel at home if you walked in – like as soon as you stepped foot in the door there would be an inviting presence and maybe even a drink, or two. “The bar area looks like somewhere to cosy up, enjoy the moment and be entertained. Like what people want from a traditional pub in the English countryside – warming, inviting and memorable.” Stacey went on to say that “the house feels like it was right on trend for the era and definitely lived up to the interior goals of the time”. “I would also say it has stood the test of time in the details – it isn't too outdated even now,” she said. “People would still be inspired by the decor and take ideas from it, especially the combinations of textures used across the rooms. “Thick patterned rugs that contrast with the statement detailing of the upholstered furniture. This something that is still a huge maximalist interiors trend now.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Ryan McDonough, interior design expert at MyJobQuote, added that Grace’s childhood home “is somewhat typical of upper-class America”. “It has an overwhelming colonial style with shuttered windows, polished wood furniture, panelling and candelabra light fittings,” he said. “It greatly reflects her family’s rich mix of American and European heritage and their high social standing. But there are also less formal touches with hints of mid-century design that was extremely popular in the 1950s. “This can be seen in the home bar, comfy sofas and sprinkling of modern decorative objects.” In 1956, Grace moved from the US to live permanently in the Palace of Monaco in the Monegasque principality. When she settled into her new home, was she influenced at all by the American-style interiors she grew up with? Ryan told Express.co.uk: “An icon of style and glamour, Grace seemed to fit right in with the palatial interiors of her Monaco home, however she did bring some modern American style to the palace. “American interior design at the time married Scandinavian-style clean lines with homely comforts and, although it was contained to areas of the home designed for family living, minimalist pendant lighting, modernist sofas and bright colours can be seen in small doses. “This is undoubtedly Grace’s touch.” The interior design expert added: “In the places where Grace influenced the design, such as the family room, there’s a less formal style with homely furnishings, yet it’s still very sophisticated. “Away from the white, yellow and gold colour scheme that dominates many palace rooms, there’s a warmer palette too. And even more so than her old family home, there’s a mix of traditional and mid-century designer furnishings.”