Princess Eugenie's new podcast is calling on people to become "mini-abolitionists" to stamp out modern slavery. The Queen's granddaughter and the daughter of the Duke of York presented Floodlight with best friend Julia de Boinville, the organisation's co-founder, in a bid to raise awareness about slavery and human trafficking. But Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer has since pointed out Eugenie has remained silent on the allegations made against her father by Virginia Giuffre. He told The Daily Express' Royal Roundup: "They are a family, they all attended the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service for example where the Queen decided to put Andrew front and centre and escort her into the Abbey. "I just feel where it's very difficult for members of the Royal Family whether they are full-time like the Cambridges or non-working members like Eugenie. "It's very difficult for them to mention these topics when it's so close to home. "I just feel they have to acknowledge it in some way." Presenter Pandora Forsyth asked: "Do you not think it's slightly tone-deaf then on Princess Eugenie's part?" READ MORE: Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' she attended at Palace Mr Palmer continued: "I do. I tried to contact her and the charity to ask about it and there was just no response at all. "They just completely blanked it and I don't see who they can go on like that." The princess's father Andrew stepped down from public duties in 2019 over his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein, who killed himself while awaiting trial for sex trafficking. Andrew agreed on a settlement out of court to Virginia Giuffre, who accused him of sexual assault, which he denied when she was 17 and had been trafficked by Epstein. The settlement was not an admission of guilt. The princess, who set up her charity in 2017, said of their goals in the first episode on Wednesday: "I think also just allowing people to know that they can be mini-abolitionists. "You can look at what you're doing in your life and try and pay it forward and help that person that you think might be in trouble or not, or just make good decisions. "I think, the Collective, we always inspire each other to do the same. "Once we understand how slavery connects to our lives, we start realising that it's actually the clothes we wear. It's in the food we eat. It's in the items we buy and the services we purchase." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'need to keep royal branding' to ensure 'relevance' [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan 'still getting paid' by Netflix as first project due [INSIGHT]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [ANALYSIS] The royal family has faced calls for apologies and repeated demands for reparations over historic slavery from campaigners in the Caribbean in recent months. A group of around 10 demonstrators displayed banners such as "repatriation with reparations" and "Queen say sorry" in Saint Lucia during the Earl and Countess of Wessex's tour on Wednesday. Successive monarchs supported or made money from the transportation and selling of people for profit during the 17th and 18th centuries. Eugenie and Ms de Boinville interviewed criminal barrister Caroline Haughey QC, who helped draft the Modern Slavery Act and is a trustee of the Collective, discussing sex trafficking.