A Place in The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman has told how she'd been left "dumbfounded" by the lack of impact Brexit has had on people looking to buy property overseas. In a new interview, the property expert, 46, spoke candidly about the demand for property abroad after the UK had exited the European Union in 2020. Jasmine previously opened up on the difficulty of filming the popular Channel 4 property show abroad in the wake of Brexit. But the star now revealed that the move out of the European Union hasn't dampened people's ambitions to live abroad. She admitted: "When we came back after Covid and Brexit, I was dumbfounded by the level of demand." The host went on to put it down to people re-assessing their lives following the pandemic. READ MORE: Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update "I think people have realised you never know what’s around the corner and have been taking stock of their work-life balance," the TV star added to Metro. Last year, Jasmine opened up to Express.co.uk about the difficulties of filming the property show abroad. The star told how due to changing rules as a result of Brexit, “nobody” is letting the crew in at the moment as new regulations had been put in place. Opening up on when the cast and crew will be able to make new episodes, Jasmine said: “As soon as we are allowed we will be back to filming. “We still have a lot of people who are really keen to go, so obviously it has to be done in all of the guidelines. “It’s not only our rules that we have to adhere to for the UK but also wherever we’re going to. “So at the moment we’re allowed to film for work but nobody is letting us in, because we're out of the EU now, it’s a whole different set of rules,” she added. Jasmine shared how it has been tough to travel at the moment due to both the UK’s exit from the EU and the restrictions in place to stop the rapid spread of COVID-19. DON'T MISS... Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [INSIGHT]Dan Walker admits 'surreal' feeling over last day on BBC Breakfast [ANALYSIS]Helen Skelton returns to Instagram without wedding ring after split [UPDATE] She continued: “We can’t go anywhere at the moment, but as soon as the borders open up again we will be back out filming, with all of our filming protocols in place. “I’m looking forward to going back to work, I’ve really missed it, because it's been part of my life for the last 17 years. “It really plays a big part in how I identify myself, it’s a big part of my identity.” Jasmine's comments come after she reflected on the "worst episode" of the show in 18 years. The star took to social media to reflect on the "dreadful" weather conditions while filming the programme. Basking in sunshine, the presenter said: "After enduring what was possibly the worst episode ever in 18 years on A Place in the Sun in terms of weather last week in Spain, it's so nice to be able to enjoy the rarest of all rare weather phenomenons which is a sunny bank holiday in the UK. "Has this ever happened before? It's so nice!" She continued: "Ooh and although the start of last week was absolutely dreadful both in terms of weather and properties, wait till you see the end of it. "It turned out very unexpected," she added while addressing the heavy rain and winds she faced while filming in Costa Blanca, Spain. A Place In The Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.