Yellowstone season five will be airing on The Paramount Network later this year and the Western melodrama will be getting 14 episodes. The fifth season will be split into two chapters and fans have plenty of questions following the explosive season four finale. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the upcoming series. On May 18 the official social media accounts for Yellowstone revealed the long-awaited release date. Sharing an idyllic photo of the Dutton ranch against the beautiful Montana backdrop, they said: "It’s happening! Season 5 premieres Nov 13, only on Paramount Network." Last year, fans were treated to a double-bill with the first two episodes airing on the same night. At this moment in time, it has not been confirmed whether the same will happen again on November 13. The first seven episodes in part one are expected to air weekly on Sundays. READ MORE: Piers Morgan defends Meghan and Harry during Prince Andrew row Filming has been taking place in Montana and all of the fan favourites will be returning. In February 2022, it was also announced that Jennifer Landon and Kathryn Kelly had been promoted to series regulars. They play ranch hand Teeter and Jimmy's (Jefferson White) fiancée Emily respectively. Of course, Kevin Costner will return as John Dutton along with stars Kelly Reilly, Cole Hauser, Wes Bentley, Luke Grimes, Kelsey Asbille, Brecken Merrill, Forrie Smith, Denim Richards, Ian Bohen, Finn Little, Ryan Bingham and Gil Birmingham. Season four welcomed newcomers Jacki Weaver and Piper Perabo as Caroline Warner and Summer Higgins. Both are expected to return for season five. By the season four finale, Jamie Dutton (Bentley) killed his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton). His sister Beth (Reilly) took incriminating photos of him disposing of the body. Season five will undoubtedly follow Jamie's predicament as he was caught red-handed. Meanwhile, Beth is looking for a new job after she was fired by the new antagonist, Caroline. Fans will be keen to find out if she gets her revenge on the Market Equities CEO in the new season. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone season 5 theory: Jamie to take over from Rip on ranch? [THEORY] Yellowstone season 5: Cole Hauser sparks frenzy as filming begins [INSIGHT] Kelly Reilly first partner: Who was the Yellowstone star engaged to? [EXPLAINER] For Kayce Dutton (Grimes), he had been experiencing disturbing visions and saw "the end" of something. Viewers are waiting to find out how he interprets the visions and how it changes his destiny. There is also a question of who will replace Sheriff Haskell (Hugh Dillon) after his surprise death. Some of the cast have already given away clues as to what to expect from the upcoming episodes. Summer actress Perabo teased a relationship between her character and John Dutton. She told People and Entertainment Weekly: "The love story is kicking into gear on Yellowstone. "I know a lot of people watch it for the cowboys and the ranch, but I watch it for the love story. "We're turning up the heat. It's been a hard couple of years, let's turn up the heat for a minute." Fans will have to wait and see how far their relationship will go and what consequences it could have for the Dutton family.  Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network on November 13.