Lewis Hamilton is ‘not ready to give up’ trying to secure an eighth F1 world championship, according to Channel 4 commentator Ben Edwards. He believes competing in F1 ‘still matters hugely’ to Hamilton despite a poor start to the campaign. When asked whether Hamilton still wants to continue in F1 to secure the eighth world title which eluded him last year, Edwards replied: “Yeah, I do think he wants it and I don't think he is ready to give it up.” He was also responding to Hamilton’s call to retire from last week’s Spanish Grand Prix after an early accident. The seven-time champion asked to quit the race to save the engine but his team motivated him to continue in a bid to score some points. It left David Coulthard to ponder whether Hamilton was waving the ‘white flag’ after a difficult set of circumstances. However, Edwards claims Hamilton’s call was not ‘unusual’ and feels the Briton still wants to drive in F1. READ MORE: Nico Rosberg shares Lewis Hamilton's thoughts on beating Russell He told Express Sport: “That comment he made it’s nothing that unusual for me hearing that from Lewis in the early stages of a race, he’s always thinking ahead. It was about the engine, thinking about the rest of this year, is it worth pushing hard. “Yes he did push hard and he delivered an absolutely fantastic race. His race pace was really impressive. I think what he did in that race would have lifted that team hugely… I don't think he’s ready to give up yet. I don’t have that feeling in him. “Maybe I'm wrong, I mean who knows. But to me, it feels as though it still matters hugely to him.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton throws weight behind Leclerc to beat Verstappen [INSIGHT]Rosberg accuses Hamilton of 'losing way' amid Mercedes struggles [COMMENT]Toto Wolff gives view on asking Hamilton to move aside for Russell [ANALYSIS] Hamilton addressed retirement rumours directly ahead of this weekend’s Monaco Grand Prix. Speaking to Italian publication Corriere Della Sera, the Mercedes star said: “I probably won't win the title, but I feel the same pleasure of competing as when I started. “Why should I stop? Maybe one day I won't be able to take the pressure anymore, I'll be tired, but that day hasn't come yet.” Former team-mate Nico Rosberg also claimed Mercedes insiders had said Hamilton is still as motivated to drive as ever. The 2016 champion explained: “I’ve spoken to some people within Mercedes and they've been very positive about him. “He’s super motivated, really pushing hard and let’s not forget he hates coming second. He does not want to come second to Russell and that alone is a big motivator for Lewis.”