Cristiano Ronaldo has 'no problem' with Manchester United signing a new striker and his priority is to hold an honest discussion with Erik ten Hag to discover his plans for the Portuguese international veteran. The Red Devils are expected to invest heavily when the transfer window opens and a new forward is one of the club's top priorities. That will of course create questions regarding the future of Ronaldo but he's now pretty clear he wants to stay at Old Trafford, providing he is wanted. Ten Hag is expected to meet with all of the United players via Zoom before his arrival in Manchester to discuss his plans for the 2022/23 season. According to Fabrizio Romano, Ronaldo wants clarity on where he fits into Ten Hag's plans but the prospect of healthier competition is no problem for him whatsoever. "For Erik ten Hag, it is important to be clear with Cristiano," Romano told Wondergoal Podcast. JUST IN: Man Utd rocked with Newcastle to celebrate Prem survival with '£60m Darwin Nunez bid' "So, I was checking, a few days ago, on Cristiano's side, that's what is the feeling about these Man Utd rumours with his future, what is going to happen. And the answer I'm receiving is Cristiano is not desperate to leave. "Cristiano is not planning to leave the club or he's not disappointed by the club. Of course, he's disappointed by the season because he wants to win but he's not looking for an opportunity because he wants to leave Man Utd. He wants ten Hag to be clear with him." Romano then added: "For Cristiano, it's not a problem for Man Utd to have one more striker because he knows that the club will sign a new striker in the summer and it's not a problem for him, from what I'm told. "His priority is to have an honest discussion with ten Hag in the coming weeks, to know how much ten Hag trusts him. So there will be a direct conversation." DON'T MISSMan Utd rocked with Newcastle to celebrate Prem survival with '£60m Darwin Nunez bid'Solskjaer 'ready to return and has received Premier League approaches' since Man Utd axeMauricio Pochettino 'offered' surprise PSG exit route after demoralising Man Utd rejection United are expected to add a new marquee No 9 to their squad with Benfica's Darwin Nunez among their top targets. The Uruguayan marksman could cost upwards of £70m as Benfica look to encourage a bidding war. Nunez has 34 goals in all competitions this season and Ten Hag is said to be a fan of the 22-year-old, who netted the decisive winner for Benfica against his Ajax side in the Champions League knockout stages. Other options include Napoli's Victor Osimhen, who has also been tracked by Arsenal. The Nigerian frontman appeared to reaffirm his commitment to Napoli earlier this week though, when he outlined his desire to win the Scudetto at the Diego Armando Maradona Stadium. Harry Kane is also highly regarded by Old Trafford chiefs but a lucrative swoop for the England captain is now considered unlikely. United had previously been interested in a deal for Erling Haaland before his move to Borussia Dortmund but the Norwegian was not revisited after signing for noisy neighbours Manchester City. Ten Hag is expected to receive a budget of up to £120m this summer plus whatever cash can be generated through player sales.