One Reddit user took to the r/UKPersonalFinance forum to seek help on her mum’s plight as she found herself thousands in debt to her council. User Sweet-liquorice shared: “I didn’t realise it was to this extent and to be honest I am not quite sure how this has happened.”   In the post titled: “My mum owes £6000 for council tax bills . What can I do to help her?”, the Reddit user was looking for suggestions on behalf of her 56-year-old mum. She shared that she was aware that her mum was having financial difficulties but didn’t realise the situation was so dire. She continued: “I’ve known that she has had trouble with this for a while but I didn’t realise it was to this extent and to be honest I am not quite sure how this has happened.” “I have not spoken to her about this in detail as it was only something that I overheard when she was talking on the phone. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years  “I’m currently a university student but I have a part time job and have tried to help her out by sending her money when I have any spare. “Right now I believe they have set up a plan where she’s paying around £10 a month but I’m wondering if there’s anything else I could do to help. Thank you so much in advance!” She added in the comments section that she knew her mum was trying to shelter her from the situation, but still wanted to help. Many people are struggling with the range of tax increases, price hikes and interest rate rises that have happened over the past month.  The Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced assistance through the council tax £150 rebate and £200 energy discount which was supposed to help the large majority of people in the UK. Whilst Britons wait for their rebates, some may find themselves falling behind on their council tax bill, but there are alternative routes to take than just falling deeper into debt. Government guidance recommends Britons contact their local council as soon as possible if they are struggling with the weight of their council tax payments. Council tax can be spread out as a monthly payment for 12 months or 10 months at different rates.  Some councils, if they are aware of a household’s difficulties, might also provide them with a one-off discount for their tax bill. Britons could also check if they are eligible for a discounted tax rate or council tax reduction. Council tax is calculated based on two adults living in a property, but if this is not the case Britons could receive a discount. Certain people are ‘disregarded’ for council tax, meaning they should not count as a person on the council tax bill.  This includes people who are: