Allergies can worsen in spring and summer when hayfever season arrives in the UK. Tree and grass pollen levels can soar during this time, making countryside settings and gardens an uncomfortable place to be without antihistamines, or other allergy-soothing remedies. Avoiding external irritants may seem easy to do, but there could be just as many triggers hiding in your property. These are the three common irritants found in the home, and exactly how to get rid of them.  Hayfever is an allergic reaction to different types of pollen, though it can also be triggered by other allergens such as dust mites, dead skin, and pet dander. The body’s immune response to these substances can cause unpleasant side effects, which are often exacerbated outdoors where grass, tree and weed pollen are rife. While many hayfever patients avoid triggers outside of the home, Ivan Ivanov, spokesperson for cleaning company End of Tenancy London has warned household surfaces and furnishings could also be worsening your seasonal allergies. He said: “Although antihistamines and other over-the-counter pharmaceuticals can help alleviate allergy symptoms, the best course of action is to remove any triggers.” READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of ants in homes Dust mites and mould spores thrive in the humid summer climate, making your home the perfect breeding ground for these irritating allergens - but how can you get rid of them? Microscopic dust mites love to nestle into the fibres of the sheets, causing unwanted irritation on the skin. With the close proximity of the duvet sheet to your mouth, there is a high risk of breathing in the dust mites. This is not only unhygienic, but it is also a potential trigger for allergies and asthma. Ivan said: “Wash your sheets and dry them away from the floor, so as not to pick up any dust.” Wash pet bedding and sofa throws or cushions more regularly too - especially if your pet also enjoys your soft furnishings. Vacuuming is the quickest way to remove hidden dust, pollen and dander from your floors and furnishings without dispersing it into the air. The only way to stay on top of these common triggers is to vacuum regularly, ideally every day if possible. If you’re particularly prone to seasonal allergies, consider removing rugs and making use of hard flooring as much as possible around your home. If you have a hard floor, then mopping is a super speedy and effective way of lowering the amount of allergy triggers in the home, said Ivan. A simple and cost-effective way of cleaning the floor is warm water with a couple of splashes of vinegar, to ease some of the dirt off of the ground. DON'T MISS:'Essential' laundry steps to tackle hay fever symptoms like itchy eyes [INSIGHT]Hot weather can be 'extremely harmful to the eyes' warns expert [ANALYSIS]Lawn care: Essential mowing rule to beat hay fever symptoms [REVEAL] This is perhaps the most effortless way to reduce airborne triggers without lifting a finger. Using extremely fine filters, air purifiers suck in air around your home and cleanse it to remove any allergen particles. Whilst they aren’t infallible, they are extremely effective at removing dust, and are definitely worth considering during hayfever season. Dust can build up inside cracks and crevices in your walls and ceilings, but there is one simple fix that could solve the problem. Ivan said: “To stop the tide of dust building up and causing irritation, be sure to try and cover up all the cracks inside your home.” You can use a simple filler or grouting product to seal off concerning cracks in just a matter of minutes.  The most important facet of dusting is having a damp cloth over a dry one. A dry one just disperses dust particles into the air, which unfortunately makes allergies a whole lot worse. If you have light fixtures or blinds which are made of a delicate material, put down the damp cloth or vacuum and instead invest in lint rollers. While they are designed primarily for clothing, lint rollers have a tacky outside that lends itself beautifully to removing dust. Just be cautious not to apply too much pressure to what you’re cleaning (such as a Venetian blind) or else you run the risk of breaking it.