Arsenal are eyeing a move for Gabriel Jesus this summer, and Manchester City have placed a £40million price tag on their in-form striker. Ahead of a potential Champions League return, Mikel Arteta might hope to bolster different areas of his squad and raise funds through player sales to do so. The Gunners have already sanctioned a £10m deal that will see Matteo Guendouzi join Marseille permanently after a successful loan stint this season. And there are three more current loanees who Arteta would likely be happy to cash in on to fund an exciting move for Jesus. Express Sport looks at three Arsenal players that the club could sell this summer to make way for the net-bulging Brazilian. Despite replacing Hector Bellerin with Takehiro Tomiyasu last summer, Arteta recently suggested the Spaniard is in his future plans. However, Bellerin is understood to prefer a permanent move away from the Emirates Stadium amid a loan stint at Real Betis. The 27-year-old is enjoying himself back in his homeland and recently lifted the Copa Del Rey. If he opts to stay at Betis or join another La Liga club, Arsenal could demand £10m to £20m for his services. JUST IN: Pogba pays emotional tribute to agent Raiola with Man Utd exit looming After publicly asking the club to let him leave for Everton last year, Ainsley Maitland-Niles remained after receiving guarantees of minutes. When they didn't come, he fled to Italy, where he has played a fringe role in Jose Mourinho's setup at AS Roma. A stay in Rome might be unlikely, but Maitland-Niles will almost certainly be actively seeking an Arsenal exit this summer. The Gunners could potentially rake in up to £10m and maybe even more, considering he's 24 and has plenty of development to go. READ MORE: Tottenham's Antonio Conte has top-four fear despite Leicester win Lucas Torreira's permanent departure is inevitable after playing a role in Atletico Madrid's La Liga win last season and Fiorentina's push for Champions League qualification in 2021-22. Given his experience in Europe, the 26-year-old might be valued at up to £20m. Even if Arsenal accumulate fewer than £40m for Bellerin, Maitland-Niles and Torreira, the £10m pocketed from Guendouzi's impending sale should cover a pursuit of Jesus. However, with his current goalscoring antics and regular starts in mind, he might choose to stay amongst Pep Guardiola's attacking options next season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.