Manchester United have appointed Andy O'Boyle as their new deputy football director as work to modernise the club's structure continues. O'Boyle has experience working for Liverpool and the Premier League and will assist football director John Murtough's operations at Old Trafford. Murtough, who is shouldering an increasing amount of responsibilities at United, spearheaded a thorough interview process in search of a flexible candidate with impeccable football knowledge. O'Boyle will report directly to him and work across the men's first team, academy and women's team. In a statement, Murtough said: "We are delighted to welcome Andy back to Manchester United to take up this important role in the club's leadership. Andy has experience across all technical areas of football, from fitness and sports science to scouting and recruitment. This will make him a valuable addition to my team at Carrington as we continue to strengthen leadership and strategic planning across all our football activities." O'Boyle is a lifelong United fan and worked as a coach in United's academy in 2006, looking to complete his UEFA pro coaching licence this summer. After a three-year stint as Coventry City's head of sports science from 2008 to 2011, he became Liverpool's head of fitness elite development before becoming a first-team fitness coach under Jurgen Klopp after his 2015 arrival. JUST IN: Man City chiefs reach Rice transfer decision which will impact Man Utd  O'Boyle left Anfield in 2017 to become the Premier League's head of elite performance, where he has specialised in talent identification and recruitment, performance analysis, sports science and medicine, psychology and loan management. After advising clubs on such matters for five years, he lands at Old Trafford amid a major backroom shake-up. O'Boyle's first comments since his appointment read: "I am thrilled to be rejoining Manchester United at such an exciting time for the club, as the first team prepares for a fresh start under Erik ten Hag, and the academy and women's teams go from strength to strength. "Whilst it has been a privilege to serve the Premier League for the past five years, I can't wait to get started at United and play my part in creating the right environment for football success." READ MORE: Transfer News LIVE: Chelsea eye duo, Man Utd 'initiate contact'  Murtough's duties will now heavily focus on first-team recruitment ahead of Erik ten Hag's first transfer window as manager. O'Boyle's presence will free up two-thirds of his week, and the next stage of United's restructuring will be the arrival of a head of women's football this summer. Since Richard Arnold replaced Ed Woodward as chief executive in February, prominent figures in United's dismal past decade have followed the latter out of the door. Director of negotiations Matt Judge and senior scouts Jim Lawlor and Marcel Bout headline the exodus. Arnold's approach to allowing football people to make decisions has provided supporters hope that the now-familiar Old Trafford circus will be no more beyond the summer. And O'Boyle's credentials make it seem like there couldn't be a better candidate to deputise Murtough, who is in the middle of it all. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.