But there’s a reason why the Government has made the announcement ahead of Thursday’s elections – it’s hugely popular. That the 2.5million households in England in housing associations may shortly be able to buy their rented properties is a boon that will enable some of them to finally get on to the housing ladder. Introduced by Margaret Thatcher in 1980, the policy originally enabled many council tenants to purchase their homes at discounted prices, ushering in a wave of social mobility. Without the access offered by schemes such as right to buy, many young people cannot afford homes. Therein lies its appeal – a way of finding homeownership, making each owner a stakeholder in their future. True, the original scheme saw some make profits after huge discounts, and investors took advantage of it. This time round it should be clearer that it is set up for homeowners, not speculators on the secondary market. Nor should it be expected to solve the housing crisis single-handedly in a country with such a low supply of properties. But right to buy will play its part in a market that has excluded the young and less privileged – plus, it will give life to a 2015 Tory election promise. It’s the right time to bring it back. ---------- It’s no exaggeration to say that Britain’s support for plucky Ukraine has led the way in Europe, stealing a march on the slow, sclerotic EU and exposing Germany’s parlous fence-sitting. So it is to be applauded that today Boris Johnson announces £300million of military aid for the beleaguered country. To chime with the announcement, Mr Johnson is to address the Ukrainians with Churchillian acclaim, saying: “This is Ukraine’s finest hour, an epic chapter in your national story that will be remembered and recounted for generations to come.” Let us also be clear. It is in our mutual interest that we form key alliances. Ukraine must prevail, and we must help it to do so for our sake as well as theirs. ---------- The Coronation gave us Coronation Chicken. The Victoria sponge was named for Queen Victoria. Now get ready for the Platinum Pudding. As the country gears up for the Jubilee in June, Dame Mary Berry and the Duchess of Cornwall will debut a new “cake, tart or pudding fit for the Queen” in a celebratory BBC One television show on May 12. Put the kettle on – there are only nine days to wait.