Laundry might seem like a never-ending chore in some households, and as a result, your washing machine might be hard at work multiple times throughout the week. However, if you aren't regularly cleaning your appliance, it can become a haven for damp and even mould spores. According to experts from Beko, how often you clean your machine depends on how often it is in use. This should be somewhere in the region of every one to three months. Tom McGarry, a Beko laundry product manager, said: “Give your washing machine a clean from time to time. Softener, detergent and dirt can build up, causing some unpleasant odours. Clean your machine with a washing machine cleaning agent. Simply add this to your detergent drawer and run a high-temperature programme with no washing in the machine”. The expert added: "By regularly cleaning your machine, you can prevent the build-up of mould, bacteria and odours, ensuring perfectly hygienic, fresh laundry every time." READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 42p food item hack for removing rust Bad smells can occur due to residues of fabric softener, washing detergent or dirt accumulating in the washing machine drum, drawer and seal over time. According to Beko: "There are several reasons why your washing machine may smell damp or musty. "Unpleasant smells are a sign that your washing machine needs a quick cleaning refresh." To begin cleaning your washing machine, Beko recommended using 100g of washing machine descaler and placing this into the main wash detergent compartment, before starting the programme. Washing machine descaler can also be bought in tablet form. In this instance, place one tablet into the second compartment. Next, run your washing machine on an empty cycle. Once complete, make sure to wipe down the inside of the drum with a dry, clean cloth so no water or residue remains. DON'T MISSGarden pests: ‘Most effective way’ to get rid of pigeons from gardens [INSIGHT]How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘underrated’ way to clean ‘vile’ washing machine [COMMENT] The filter is useful if you leave odd coins in the pockets of your clothes or a button falls off mid-wash. This protects the washing machine drain pump from damage as a result of foreign objects during the water draining process. The filter tends to be located on the bottom right-hand side of your machine and should be thoroughly cleaned once every three months. On some newer models, the filter door may be hidden by a cover. To remove, pull from both sides and open the flap. Before opening the filter, it is a good idea to put a towel down, to protect your floor from any excess water that may leak out. The filter can then be removed by rotating it in an anti-clockwise direction. Once removed, check and clean the filter and its housing. You can clean hard to reach spots using an old toothbrush and a solution of warm soapy water. To refit the filter, slide it in and secure it by turning in a clockwise direction. Residual cleaning products can build up in your detergent drawer, making it harder for fabric softener and detergent to reach the drum. This is also a key area for mould build-up. Before beginning make sure the washing machine is turned off. Then, slide the drawer open and release it from the compartment. You can wash fixtures in warm soapy water, and use an old toothbrush for hard-to-reach areas. Make sure to clean the underside of the drawer too. Allow the components to fully dry before fitting them back together and putting them back into the washing machine.