Queen of Clean Lynsey Crombie shared her cleaning tips exclusively to Express.co.uk. Lynsey, who has been working with leading cleaning product brand Marigold, explained how to achieve “streak-free” finishes on glass, mirrors and chrome by just using a microfibre cloth and water. Discussing her favourite cleaning items, Lynsey said one of them is: “The Marigold Squeaky Clean Microfibre Cloth as it leaves an amazing streak free finish, using just water. “So helps when you have very little time and want to clean super quick.” The Squeaky Clean Microfibre Cloth combines the cleaning power of microfibre with a unique rubber effect coating, for extra absorbency and gleaming results. The cleaning cloth features “next generation microfibre” with a unique rubber coating which produces “amazing results”. READ MORE: Keep grout looking clean with baking soda and a toothbrush The cloth also “absorbs and retains liquid like no other”. Marigold suggests using it “damp all around the home”. “It will leave even the shiniest surfaces streak-free and sparkling,” the product description adds. The cloth is also long lasting and durable, it can be used time and time again. DON'T MISS...Paint expert shares number one colour to avoid painting your walls [COMMENT]Cleaning tips: 'Easy way to fix mould' according to property expert [EXCLUSIVE]‘Create maximum effect’ Interior designers tips for small spaces [GUIDE] Cleaners need to “simply pop it in the washing machine up to 60oC when dirty”. In terms of where you can use the cloth, it’s brilliant for bathrooms. Wiping down wet areas like your sink or shower after use will help to prevent the build-up of mould and limescale, as well as leaving a super shine. It can also be used damp for everything from cleaning glass to getting your kitchen sparkling. The cloth is so good it has been Good Housekeeping approved. It has received a five-star rating across several websites. Anita said: “I've got loads of other microfibre cloths but this is in another class, it absorbs fluids easily so it is great drying the shower after use but equally as good on my granite work surfaces. It leaves them so clean with just water and this cloth.” Gemma added: “I can second that this cloth really is a game changer!! "I have really struggled to find a decent cloth to achieve streak free results on my own and my clients shower doors, mirrors ect and this cloth is just fantastic! I have bought many cloths in the past which have failed me. All I use it a little glass cleaner and one of these bad boys and the glass is gleaming! Not a streak in sight!” Jacqui explained: “It's like a very good sponge cloth, but does not shed like the usual sponge cloth. Whatever the material is, it leaves no streaks on glass, mirrors and gas hobs. It's fantastic and didn't have to use any spray cleaner! I will be buying more of these.” When cleaning, Lynsey suggests wearing a pair of “durable, long-lasting gloves”, such as the Marigold Extra-Life Kitchen Gloves. They are “a must” for the Queen of Clean who likes “to keep my hands, as well as my home, looking their best”.