B12 absorption naturally slows as the body ages. But because the essential dietary component is readily available in animal products, vegetarians and vegans may also struggle to source the dietary compound. What's more, signs of low levels can be broad-ranging and non-specific, making it difficult to pick up a deficiency in the initial stages. As the condition advances, however, some "odorous" symptoms may become difficult to ignore. Vitamin B12 is stored in the liver, where it is able to sustain the body for years at a time. As levels start to fall, however, the digestive tract can become affected as insufficient red blood cells are able to reach the gut. This lack of oxygen could leave a person feeling sick, but could also cause changes in the regularity and odour of their flatulence. Livestrong.com reports: “Not getting enough of a certain vitamin such as vitamin B12, can cause some people to have excessive, odorous gas, but not necessarily an unpleasant body odour. READ MORE: B12 deficiency: Dr Sara warns of the ‘irreversible’ consequence that can occur - signs Those with a deficiency, however, may struggle to notice changes in odour because low B12 levels can cause olfactory dysfunction characterised by a partial or complete loss of smell. B12 binds to the protein in foods and is unbound in the stomach with the help of hydrochloric acid and enzymes. “From there, vitamin B12 combines with a protein called intrinsic factor so that it can be absorbed further down in the small intestine,” explains Harvard Health. A deficiency in vitamin B12 can manifest in numerous ways, but fatigue, lightheadedness, and pale skin may be among the most apparent signs. People also often complain of breathlessness and a decreased ability to think, alongside mood disorders such as depression. In the advanced stages of the condition, symptoms tend to intensify, particularly as the nerves become progressively damaged. This can cause multi-sensorial complications in the extremities, such as pins and needles, or numbness. At this stage, the nerve is suffering from a lack of myelin sheath - a substance that enables electrical pulse to transmit along the cells.