Anne Robinson has revealed she will be leaving her post as Countdown host after a year. Channel 4 said a new presenter to replace the former Weakest Link star will be announced soon. The TV host took over the role from Nick Hewer last year.  Anne said in a statement: "I’ve had a blast hosting this wonderful show. And I stayed longer than I signed up for. Now it is time for an older woman to take the reins. “I hope too I’ve encouraged TV bosses to realise that not all women at the wrong end of their seventies are in care homes playing bingo and watching conjuring tricks. "In fact the genius of Countdown is that it’s a brilliant way to keep the brain exercised. I run 5k most days of the week. “And I can now do an anagram at twice the speed I could this time last year. "But I have grandchildren, a large garden and a home in New York, all deserving more of my attention.” READ MORE: DI Ray star airs concerns over ‘racist’ character in ITV series  She will appear in the series up until the summer with a new host announced in due course. Channel 4 praised the "quick-witted" star and called her a "brilliant host" on the iconic daytime game show. She joined the daytime show last year, with her first episode airing on June 28. The former Weakest Link presenter featured alongside mathematician Rachel Riley and lexicographer Susie Dent. Anne and her co-star Rachel had been in the spotlight after reports of a feud between them. Rachel went on to dismiss the claims, telling ITV’s Lorraine: “You know not to believe tabloids. "I think it is just you have got some women there now so they want to make something up. I have seen all the headlines of the feuds escalating. "I have been on maternity leave for about six to eight weeks or something.” DON'T MISS... Countdown's Anne Robinson claims she's paid £100 for every winkCountdown bids farewell to Rachel Riley's replacement ahead of returnRachel Riley responds to 'ridiculous' Countdown suggestions She went on to say how Anne was making the show "her own" and she has a "different flavour". Anne, who is 77,  returned to the show after becoming a guest in the Dictionary Corner in 1987. Ahead of her debut on the show, she opened up about returning to the world of quiz shows. She told The Guardian: "I stopped doing The Weakest Link a decade ago when it moved up to Glasgow.   "My grandchildren had just been born and I didn’t want to be that far away – but I adored every single episode I did. "When Countdown came along, it felt like a brilliant fit. It didn’t take me any time at all to say yes." On whether viewers would see a warmer side to her on Countdown, she said: "Probably, yes. The difference is that we have a chat before the show starts, to help them relax. "On The Weakest Link, I made a point of never meeting the contestants, not even on celebrity specials." Countdown airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 2.10pm