Rory McIlroy will face a tough battle to claim the top prize at this weekend's PGA Championship ahead of the likes of Scottie Scheffler, Max Homa and Justin Thomas, according to two-time US Open winner Curtis Strange. McIlroy has not won any major since 2014 but will be hoping to deliver the goods at the Southern Hills Country Club over the next few days after hitting a spell of impressive form over the course of this year to date. The 33-year-old produced a strong showing on the final day of last month's Masters to clinch a second-placed finish behind only Scheffler before sneaking into the top five at the Wells Fargo Championships earlier in May. Strange has since insisted that McIlroy will stand every chance of going one better at the PGA Championship but went on to warn the Northern Irishman that plenty of other high-profile stars will also fancy their chances of going for glory over the course of the four-day event in Oklahoma."I always try to look at the talent level, ability and current form," Strange exclusively told Express Sport when quizzed on the players to watch at Southern Hills. "Right now [I think] Rory [could be in the mix], he’s in my top three or four."I think Scottie Scheffler is certainly, on current form, better than anybody else in the world. He’s a wonderful young player and now he’s had enough time to relax, think about what he’s done and then recharge the batteries so I think that’s a good thing. JUST IN: Phil Mickelson reputation ruined after historic PGA Championship win "You just go down the list, the fellows who are playing well. Max Homa, how can you say he won’t possibly be a contender because he’s playing well. People wouldn’t pick his name but he’s playing well."You go down the list of the top players, JT [Justin Thomas], DJ [Dustin Johnson], the typical top 10 in the world, any of those guys could win. You might say that Dustin Johnson isn’t playing his best golf right now, well, Dustin Johnson is one swing away from shooting 65 every day. "These guys are so good. The top 20 in the world are so good that if something little clicks, a feel with the putter, with the swing, that feel relates to the confidence and they do it again, and all of a sudden it feels like you are the best player in the world. It’s a funny game like that."Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether McIlroy will be able to end his eight-year barren spell at major tournaments by claiming the honours at the PGA Championship this weekend. He will tee off alongside Tiger Woods and Jordan Spieth on Thursday as he looks to put himself in contention for the trophy that was most recently won by Phil Mickleson, who will not be present to defend his title after pulling out of this year's tournament at the end of last week. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE