Thomas Tuchel is going to give prospective new owner Todd Boehly one more chance to be a lucky omen. Otherwise he is considering banishing the American businessman to the other side of the Atlantic on Chelsea match days. The LA Lakers co-owner’s first visit to Stamford Bridge was 3-1 defeat to Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final. He was also at the ground directly after his consortium was selected as preferred bidders - a disappointing 2-2 draw with Wolves. Undeterred, Boehly was at Wembley to see Liverpool beat the Blues on penalties to snatch the FA Cup from them and watched the 1-1 draw with Leicester on Thursday night. “Was he here again?” Tuchel asked about the latter result. “Well that is a clear sign! He will be watching on ESPN from Los Angeles next season, that is clear. It is already clear it has to be like this. “And he was at the final at Wembley? On second thoughts, maybe when the deal is done and he is our owner, he will become the lucky charm that we need, so perhaps we will give him one more credit.” More important than mascot duties will be Boehly’s role as the “money” behind Tuchel’s plans to “rebuild” after what he describes as the most challenging season of his career. “We will be very open and honest,” Tuchel promised. “He will get my point of view if he wants to have it. We are losing key players and we have struggled lately to win our home games. “The top teams - Liverpool - signed a magnificent player in the winter to make the existing squad stronger. Manchester City signed Erling Haaland already to make their existing squad stronger. We are losing players. “At the moment my focus is to build a strong team and see what is even possible and then we think about how we close the gap.” There’s still this season to get out of the way first, and a final match-up with Watford means a reunion for Tuchel with their retiring 74-year-old manager Roy Hodgson. “It is nice to be at the sideline with him and if this is the last game, he deserves full, full credit for his career. “It is impressive at his kind of age he still has the energy and the commitment and the love for the game. It can happen to me, too, but let’s see! I’m pretty sure I will still be in love with football in 26 years time.”