West Ham have told Juventus that it will cost them £40million to capture Czech international Tomas Soucek this summer - and Tottenham are also keeping an eye on developments. The Italian giants have placed midfielder Soucek on their radar for the summer as they attempt to reshape their midfield, while former Juve boss Antonio Conte is a fan of the player. Soucek still has two years left on his West Ham contract, but he has been a key player for manager David Moyes ever since joining from Slavia Prague in a £15m deal in 2020. Soucek has been vital to the Hammers’ strong season so far, that sees them in the Europa League semi-finals and competing for a top-six finish in the Premier League. The 27-year-old is currently in contract talks with West Ham and wants an improved deal. He is said to be on around £70,000 a week at present with the club’s top earner on around £50,000 more than that. Discussions are due to continue once the current season ends. Tottenham manager Conte is also an admirer of Soucek, who has 48 caps for the Czech Republic, and the north London club are closely watching developments. The Italian is keen to restructure his squad this summer regardless of whether or not they qualify for the Champions League and Soucek is one player who could upgrade the Spurs midfield. MUST READ: Pulisic backed for West Ham as star told he wouldn't play at Arsenal Last season, the Czech captain scored 10 goals in 38 Premier League games, and though the rangy midfielder has been quieter in front of goal this term, with only six strikes to his name, he is still regarded by Moyes as an important part of his set-up. The Scot said of Soucek and his countryman Vladimir Coufal recently: “I think there’s a much better mentality around West Ham now. I’ve got to say it’s been driven on by the two Czech boys [Soucek and Coufal], who have been sensational for that. Honestly, we had to lock the gates to keep them out the place at night. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Liverpool's board agree on selling Thiago with two factors at playMan Utd 'offer' to Ousmane Dembele emerges and Barcelona must act fastArsenal clearout set to begin as Arteta 'accelerates' £12.6m exit “That meant that even the boys who think they’re good pros had to step up again. They were even leading the recovery sessions, jogging maybe half a dozen laps and taking a ball with them.” West Ham are currently preparing for their Europa League semi-final second leg against Eintracht Frankfurt in Germany, after a 2-1 defeat in the first leg at the London Stadium last week. Soucek is set to start alongside Declan Rice in midfield. And Tottenham and Juventus will be keeping a keen eye as Soucek looks to help book a trip to Seville for West Ham, where they would face either RB Leipzig or Rangers in the final on May 18. 