Nicky (played by Kimberly Hart-Simpson) was crushed by Daniel (Rob Mallard) on Coronation Street when he rejected her after she confessed her true feelings towards him. The former sex worker plucked up the courage to tell Daniel she was in love with him following his break-up with Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan). However, will Daniel change his mind about Nicky in upcoming scenes?  The teacher had been suffering from anxiety after admitting to his boss he did not think teaching was a fitting career anymore. Nicky, who has been living with Daniel while she continues looking for a job, tried to comfort him when he returned home on Friday. She assured him he could lean on her as she wanted to help him feel more optimistic about his career. However, Daniel was soon taken aback when Nicky revealed she had been falling in love with him. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon The mother-of-one was left gutted when Daniel rejected her following her romantic confession. She tried to hide her heartbreak and told Daniel to "forget about it" as she changed the subject. Nicky is the kind of person who wears her heart on her sleeve, so will she try and win Daniel over in upcoming scenes? Nicky actor Kimberley has spoken to Express.co.uk and other publications about her character's feelings for Daniel since he let her and her daughter Maise Wheatley (Lucia Aliu) move in with him.  Kimberley explained: "She couldn’t go into a home she had organised for her and Maisie as she does not have a regular income anymore and Daniel has given her another lifeline and said she can move it." She added: "She’s also got to know Daniel and met him at his most vulnerable. "She’s seen him warts and all and she still likes him, despite everything. "He still likes her and there is a mutual respect there and there was sexual chemistry there at some point."  The two characters were romantic in the past, so what will prevent a flame from reigniting again? Kimberley explained: "It’s that pre-made package family as Maisie would get on with Bertie and you think ‘That’s nice and that’s cute’. "We have got to remember Nicky has been deprived of that family picture, of that thing we are all striving for which is love and companionship and security. "Right now it looks like a postcard and she wants that destination."  The actress said Daniel is the closest thing her character has had to love in many years. "Of course, she will naturally want to gravitate towards that," Kimberly added. Will Kimberly continue to remain close to Daniel and propose to him to prove how serious she is about her feelings? If he rejects her again, she might have to walk away from him for good to move on with her life. Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.  