A market-wide plunge has seen more than $1.5 trillion wiped off the entire crypto market after analysts braced for a ‘crypto winter’, or cooling-off period after a stretch of digital currency fervour. Bitcoin, the world’s best-known cryptocurrency, is on the edge of an excruciating fall, according to some analysts, after its price sunk to its lowest level since December 2020. It lost 12.5 percent of its value in the last 24 hours, seeing a drop to $26,653, far below the $30,000 benchmark often used to reassure investors. The world’s second-largest cryptocurrency, Ethereum, dropped twenty percent of its value in just 24 hours. It has also lost over half its market value so far in 2022. The cryptocurrency has also lost nearly two-thirds of its value since November 2021. The Terra, or Luna, cryptocurrency, fell by more than a staggering 99 percent. Sitting among the global top ten most valuable cryptocurrencies, it peaked at $120 in April, but dropped to below $1 on Wednesday. Much of the damage was done overnight, as horrified investors saw its price nosedive 98 percent in less than a single day. One Reddit user posted that they had "lost all my life savings" and they weren't "sure what to do" after buying Luna at $85. READ MORE: Martin Lewis gives his verdict on Premium Bonds versus savings account Another, 'No-Forever', wrote: "I guess no house and savings then.” Ipek Ozkardeskaya, a senior analyst at Swissquote Bank, said: "The Terra incident is causing an industry-based panic, as Terra is the world's third-biggest stable coin." Popular cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase warned users their invested crypto could be in jeopardy if the exchange announced bankruptcy. The downturn saw the exchange lose 27 percent of its share price. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'Complete farce!' tensions erupt as non-EU passport lines [LIVE] Cost of living crisis 'Desperate cry for help' of disabled people [REPORT] POLL: Should electric scooters be banned in UK? [VOTE] The US-based exchange dropped 15.6 percent overnight on Tuesday after it announced losses of $430m, bypassing even pessimistic predictions. In a warning incorporated into the exchange’s quarterly earnings report earlier this week, it told customers they could be treated as “general unsecured creditors”. It said: “Because custodially held crypto assets may be considered to be the property of a bankruptcy estate, in the event of a bankruptcy, the crypto assets we hold in custody on behalf of our customers could be subject to bankruptcy proceedings and such customers could be treated as our general unsecured creditors.” Stating this warning is a requirement of the US Securities and Exchange Commission, but Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong separately reassured customers that this was not a likely event. He wrote on Twitter: “Your funds are safe at Coinbase, just as they’ve always been.” This follows a drop in the FTSE 100 of 2.5 percent on Thursday morning, with over £40 billion wiped off.