Sex Pistols star Johnny Rotten joined Piers Morgan on TalkTV to discuss the future of the monarchy, and an upcoming Danny Boyle documentary on the punk band. The musician slammed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex as he questioned their decision to step back from the Royal Family. He vented: “I’m sorry, but I think that they've shown themselves to be parasites. “If you want to opt-out of that family situation, then please, by all means, do and go work for McDonald's. “But don't expect me to be still forking money out to support your nonsense. “They seem to be amazingly ungrateful or at least he is.” Read more: Piers Morgan blocks Simon McCoy in furious Talk TV ratings row The punk legend declared Prince Charles succeeding the throne as the “end of the monarchy”. “[He’s] not going to be able to handle it. This is the man that plays Pink Floyd to his cabbages,” he quipped. Johnny noted it would be a “shame” if his prediction about the end of monarchy came to fruition. “I do love pageantry,” he continued. “I'm a football fan you know, I like watching royal weddings because I really did enjoy watching Spitfires and the likes flying over the palace. “I get quite emotional with all that. Yeah, I love my country. I love the people and everything about it. “But if there's problems within it, I think I have the right to say so and when I wrote God Save the Queen and believe me I wrote it not the others, right?” Despite the iconic anti-royalist song, Johnny went on to praise the Queen. He said: “[God Save the Queen] is a very anti-royalist song but it's not anti-human. DON'T MISSJohn Lydon warns ‘end of monarchy’ as he savages future king Charles [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan fiercely defends Ricky Gervais against ‘woke brigade’ [VIDEO]Ricky Gervais leaves fans in stitches with jibe at Piers Morgan's show [INTERVIEW] “I’ve got to tell the world this, you mustn't presume that I'm completely dead against the Royal Family as human beings, I'm not. “I’m actually really really proud of the Queen for surviving and doing so well. I applaud her for that. “That is a fantastic achievement. I'm not a curmudgeon about that. “I just think that if I'm paying my tax money to support this system, I should have a say-so on how it's spent.” Meanwhile, the Sex Pistols star hit out at Danny Boyle’s upcoming documentary on the band. He quipped: “They can call it a documentary, I'd prefer mockumentary, is completely without me contributing in any way shape or form. “And I don't think to be absolutely honest anyone could ever consider the Sex Pistols without the man what wrote the songs.” Piers Morgan Uncensored, TalkTV, 8pm Monday - Friday (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, and Freesat 217) and live and on demand on the TalkTV app and at Talk.TV