Since Vladimir Putin’s “special military operation” began on February 24, at least 15 incidents of fires and explosions have been reported. The first fire was reported on February 26, at the Stavrolen polyolefins plant at Budennovsk in Russia’s Stavropol region. It experienced an explosion and fire that injured 15 employees, after a blaze broke out in the gas separation section of the ethylene plant at the plant in southern Russia. The next blaze was on March 29, where explosions and fires were confirmed in the Russian military town of Belgorod, just a few miles away from the border of Ukraine. Yury Butusov, a Ukrainian journalist, said at the time: “Ukraine carried out a precision strike with the Tochka-U missile on an ammunition warehouse in the village of Oktyabrskoe, near Belgorod, Russia. “Russia supplies its artillery attacking Ukraine with rockets and missiles stored at the facility." Reports of fires then began surging in April, with at least nine incidents reported by various outlets. The first incident was on April 1 at an oil depot in Belgorod, with Vyacheslav Gladkov, head of the region, saying: “There was a fire at the oil depot in the town of Belgorod. All emergency services went to the scene. Measures are being taken to eliminate it.” On April 21, two fires were reported at the Dmitrievsky Chemical Plant in the city of Kineshma, and at RKK Energia's Space Defense Centre in Korolyov. Two more fires were reported on April 22, at a Russian defence research institute in Tver and in a military enlistment office in Mordovia. Another fire was reported in Barvikha on April 23, which was believed to be owned by Andrei Vorobyov, governor of the Moscow Region. Two fires were reported at oil depots in Bryansk on April 25, with military analyst Rob Lee telling the Guardian footage suggested the fire was “probably” caused by Ukrainian sabotage. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin fears murder plot as Russian despot clings on On April 27, fires were reported at three storage depots in the Belgorod, Voronezh and Kurzk regions. Express.co.uk reported a major fire broke out at a thermal power plant on Russia's Sakhalin island on April 30. So far in May, two explosions and fires have been reported. On Monday, Two workers were killed at an explosives factory in Russia’s Perm region. Early on Tuesday, a fire broke out at the warehouse of a pro-Kremlin publishing house in the Bogorodsk urban district of the Moscow region. Also on Tuesday, a fire broke out in 33,800 thousand square metre industrial building in the Bogorodsky region. Taking to Twitter to share the footage from Russian news agency TASS, analyst and researcher Olga Lautman said: “And another fire in Bogorodsky Moscow oblast. “The warehouse with paper is on fire over the entire area of 33,800 square metres. “There has been a partial collapse on the building.” She then goes on to add: "I wonder if anyone needs a fire reporter because every day I’m documenting fires across Russia.” On Wednesday, a Russian depot burst into flames inside a separatist region in East Ukraine. According to Eastern European news outlet NEXTA, the fire broke out after missiles struck the facility. The oil depot is located near Russian-occupied Makiivka, in the eastern Donetsk region of Ukraine. Twelve Russian attacks have been repelled by Ukrainian forces in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions over the past 24 hours, according to the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.