Today, Meghan Markle and her husband, Prince Harry, celebrate their fourth wedding anniversary. It marks the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s third anniversary across the pond, having married in 2018 and later left the Firm and the UK in 2020. The couple share two children together — Archie Harrison, three, and Lilibet Diana, 11 months — with whom they are expected to spend the day in a lowkey family affair. Next month, they will bring their children to the UK for the first time since their bombshell exit, joining the Royal Family to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee over a four-day celebratory weekend. While Meghan is no longer a working member of the Firm, she has certainly made an impact on the monarchy and its future, with one royal expert claiming that the duchess is the latest in a long line of royal women who have “made the weather” within the House of Windsor. Clive Irving, author of ‘The Last Queen’, claimed that the likes of Meghan, Diana, Princess of Wales and Wallis Simpson’s influences have made the men around them seem either “mad, bad or ineffectual”. Writing for The Daily Beast last month, Mr Irving said: “As I absorbed the full import of the mutual distrust of Meghan and the enforcers of royal ritual, it struck me that she was the latest in a long line of women who have always made the weather in the long-running Windsor saga (the queen has always flown serenely above the weather) — Wallis Simpson, Princess Margaret, Princess Diana, Camilla. “Against them the men seem either mad (Edward VIII, aka the Duke of Windsor), bad (Andrew), or ineffectual (Charles). “Wallis Simpson, unlike Edward’s other lovers, found a way to successfully stimulate his low-energy libido, so much so that he gave up the throne rather than lose her because she was a divorced woman, thus precipitating his brother to the throne, the accident that later led to the 70-year reign of Elizabeth II. “Margaret, Elizabeth’s wayward sister, became the first royal global celebrity, the warm-up act for the ultimate royal superstar, Diana. “And, of course, Camilla appeared out of the bushes to play the part of Diana’s nemesis.” Mr Irving goes on to compare Meghan and Camilla, saying that their differences in “experiences, morals and talent” reveal how “irreconcilable the worlds of the Windsors and the Sussexes are, and will always be.” While Camilla did not need “any coaching in stepping up to become a Windsor wife,” Meghan — a former Hollywood actress — was a “driven careerist” whose success was “hard won”. Mr Irving wrote: “Those were qualities that were not welcome at the Palace, where the work ethic was very different.” While Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge have adopted the “Windsor way”, Mr Irving argues that Harry is still a “Spencer”, saying that the prince channels his mother every day. DON'T MISS: Queen attendance uncertain for rest of Jubilee [NEWS]Royal Family 'has 'become a show' that is 'dangerous' for Britain [OPINION]Harry spotted playing polo in Cali sunshine [PICTURES] He added: “The Sussexes were never going to be happy in such a prescribed cage”. Following their shock exit from the Firm, Meghan and Harry sat down for an interview with US chat show host Oprah Winfrey. The couple claimed their reason for leaving was a “lack of support and a lack of understanding” from the Royal Family, and the Firm’s traditional mantra of ‘never complain, never explain,’ had left Meghan feeling “silenced” amid public scrutiny. Harry said his “biggest concern was history repeating itself,” referring to his mother, who was hounded by the British press and tragically died at age 36 in a car crash in Paris after her divorce from Prince Charles a year earlier. He continued: “I’m just really relieved and happy to be sitting here talking to you with my wife by my side, because I can’t imagine what it must have been like for her [Diana], going through this process by herself all those years ago. “It’s been unbelievably tough for the two of us, but at least we had each other.” The duke has since spoken about his mother and the impact she has on his life now. In an interview with NBC’s Hoda Kotb last month, Harry said he feels Diana’s presence “more so now than ever”.