Jeremy Clarkson didn’t hold back when it came to describing his thoughts on Putin’s office. The 62-year-old likened the style of the office to “spending £1million at Woolworths” in a brutal description. The car enthusiast made the comments during a recent opinion piece he wrote last week. In the piece, he remarked on Putin’s questionable taste and compared the Russian President to a “footballer”. He said: “When I look at all the hideous furniture in Putin’s office, I can’t help wondering if maybe he was a footballer at some point in the past. “It looks like he decorated it by spending £1million at Woolworths.” READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine Jeremy has been very vocal about his dislike for Putin amid Russia's ongoing war in Ukraine in his columns for The Sun. Putin's office features a giant wooden desk paired with a white leather desk chair and three matching telephone sets. He is often pictured sitting in front of Russian flags. Meanwhile, Jeremy recently revealed his own personal troubles, as he faced a moral dilemma on his Diddly Squat Farm. When using his seed drill machinery, he discovered that a tiny mouse was trapped inside the frame. This made Jeremy hesitant to drive the equipment, because he felt “guilty”. He told The Sunday Times: “I couldn’t go out into the fields and unfurl this enormous machine — it’s like an oil rig, only bigger and more complicated — knowing that a sweet little mouse was in there.” Luckily, the mouse survived as it made a run for it once the tractor moved. DON'T MISS:Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [NEWS]Priscilla Presley, 76, looks ageless with Elvis actor at Met Gala [PICS]Harry and Meghan urged to take a leaf from Zara Tindall by Jane Moore [LATEST] During season one of Clarkson’s Farm, Jeremy broke down in tears after visiting an abattoir. He had driven three sick ewes there to be killed and it had proven to be an emotional experience. He had said: “I’m a sheep farmer, this is what sheep farmers do, they take their animals to make, they take them to the abattoir.” He wanted to say goodbye to the sheep but was told by the abattoir manager that it was too late. “Are they really..? "Are they dead?” Jeremy exclaimed. He looked around for his beloved ewes and was in tears when he got back to his car.