Tottenham Hotspur returned to the path towards a Champions League return by comfortably beating Leicester City 3-1 on Sunday. Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Dejan Kulusevski were once again the stars as Antonio Conte's side reclaimed fourth in the Premier League from rivals Arsenal. After an edgy start to proceedings, Patson Daka smashed the hosts' woodwork. Just moments later, Son found Kane with an out-swinging corner on 22 minutes and the England captain, unmarked, headed Tottenham ahead at the near post. The same duo linked up for Spurs' third as the South Korean netted his second of the afternoon, putting the cherry on the cake with a stunning strike. Kelechi Iheanacho netted a late consolation for the visitors on a day that blatantly played second-fiddle to next week's trip to Rome. Express Sport looks at four things learned as the closely-contested battle for a top-four berth in north London rolled on. JUST IN: Frank Lampard rubs salt into Chelsea wounds with Everton celebration Son and Kane have now combined 41 times in the Premier League, extending their record as the most fruitful duo in the competition's history. Tottenham have arguably boasted the top-flight's best two players in 2022, with both being directly involved in 16 goals since the turn of the year. Kane ended a five-game goal drought to open the scoring at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and it continued his impressive record against Leicester. The 28-year-old has now scored 17 goals in 14 Premier League games against the Foxes, the most he has scored against a single opponent. READ MORE: Leeds suffer blow as details of Stuart Dallas horror injury surface Conte made a bold move to switch Kulusevski out for Lucas - unsuccessfully after the Brazilian was hauled off before the hour mark. And Kulusevski quickly proved why the Italian coach has a settled, Champions League-standard front three at his disposal, assisting both of Son's goals. He has registered eight assists in 14 league games since joining in January. As if Arsenal needed more pressure heading into a daunting trip across town to West Ham United... Tottenham's dominant triumph sent Mikel Arteta's men a message. The Gunners must win at the London Stadium if they want to leapfrog Spurs again.