Max Verstappen has demanded Red Bull continue to upgrade their car if they are to remain ahead of the competition. The Dutchman is aiming to win his third consecutive race at the Spanish GP on Sunday and further close the gap on Charles Leclerc at the top of the drivers' standings. While the Red Bull seems to be the fastest car at present, especially in a straight line, the 24-year-old stressed the need for his team to keep making adjustments to stay ahead. “We have to try and make the whole weekend a bit easier for ourselves, so we will be focused on that,” he told Sky Sports. “A lot of teams are bringing upgrades so let’s see. The whole season with these new cars is about these upgrades and the development.” Verstappen was asked about Ferrari's surprise at the amount of upgrades Red Bull have made given the budget cap. "It's not a surprise to us," he replied. "Maybe we are more efficient." Despite their rivals’ recent improvement, Leclerc insisted he is not concerned. “Ferrari know it’s not the time to be worried but of course we have seen that they have brought small upgrades at the time that did the difference, at the races they get stronger so we have to push at the maximum,” the championship leader told Sky Sports. JUST IN: Spanish GP qualifying LIVE: Lewis Hamilton set for Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc duel “Worried is not the word, I think we are aware of how close they are getting in terms of the Championship, which means they are in front on track, which is not what we like to see but on the other hand let’s stay focused on ourselves. We are pushing 100 per cent and I don’t think being worried will help us gain any more out of it.” Leclerc’s teammate Carlos Sainz stated he has still been dealing with the effects of his crash back in Miami as he bids to compete in his home race. "This last week I’ve been training back at home, I’ve been trying to recover from the slight knot that I have in my neck from the accident in Miami to arrive here fully prepared,” he told the F1 website this week. Sainz has yet to take the chequered flag in his career, and the dream scenario would be to win an F1 race for the first time in his own backyard. “To do it at my home Grand Prix would be the best ever,” said the Madrid-born Sainz. "I’ve been thinking a lot about it. It’s what motivates me, it’s what makes me train at 7am and push like crazy. I’m thinking about it – but not obsessed.”