Disney Plus is expanding the Star Wars universe yet again with a prequel series looking at Jedi master Obi-Wan Kenobi (played by Ewan McGregor). The show will see Hollywood star McGregor reprising his role as Obi-Wan after last appearing in the science fiction franchise in the 2005 film Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith. Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the new series including the release date and more. Obi-Wan Kenobi will be landing on Disney Plus on Friday, May 27 with the first two episodes available to watch. The show was originally planned to be dropping on Wednesday, May 25 but Disney+ pushed this back by a couple of days. The Star Wars series will be going up against Netflix rivals Stranger Things season four. There are six episodes of Obi-Wan Kenobi which will be released every Wednesday. READ MORE: Obi-Wan Kenobi series release date, cast, trailer, plot Obi-Wan Kenobi’s finale will be airing on Wednesday, June 22 and sadly this will be it for the limited series. The show will be taking place a decade after the events of Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith when audiences saw a heartbroken and enraged Anakin Skywalker (Hayden Christensen) transforming into the powerful Sith lord Darth Vader. Obi-Wan will be reeling from his failure to train his friend and Jedi apprentice Anakin, who has become one with the Dark Side. Instead, Obi-Wan will be turning his attentions to Anakin’s son Luke Skywalker in the hopes of redemption. In the show’s trailer. Obi-Wan spots a young Luke and smiles in the hopes of training the young boy. However, he is quickly reminded of failing Anakin with the suggestion he could face defeat again. Along with McGregor and Christensen, Obi-Wan Kenobi also stars Moses Ingram, Joel Edgerton, Bonnie Piesse, Kumail Nanjiani, Indira Varma, Rupert Friend, O’Shea Jackson Jr., Sung Kang, Simone Kessell and Benny Safdie. The Obi-Wan Kenobi series has been some time in the making after the story was reworked when it was thought to be too similar to The Mandalorian’s arc. Obi-Wan Kenobi will see the Jedi’s transition from a guilt-ridden, troubled master to Alec Guinness’ version in the original Star Wars films. Director Deborah Chow revealed it was Scottish star McGregor who said Darth Vader needed to be involved in the project. She explained how the Trainspotting actor was “very much” a “creative partner” on the series and was involved right from the start. Filmmaker Chow said: “But I think, really, it came out of a place of really looking at the character [of] Kenobi, and we're so connected to the prequels, and so much of the weight that Obi-Wan is carrying is coming out of what happened at the end of Revenge of the Sith with Anakin. SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz sends support as co-star lands role [UPDATE]Samuel West famous family: Meet the Siegfried Farnon star's siblings [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [ANALYSIS] “So much is connected to Anakin and Vader that it felt, to us, that it was hard to tell Kenobi's story at this period without touching on that.” She added to Screenrant: “And that sort of led us, obviously, naturally, back to Hayden.” Canadian actor Christensen and his portrayal of an adolescent Anakin became the focal point for fan criticism in the much-loathed Star Wars prequels, along with Jar-Jar Binks. Despite the scathing backlash, actor Christensen said it was a “no-brainer” returning to the franchise and accepted it in a “heartbeat”. He told the Guardian: “When I got the call, I was instantly elated … I was just so excited to get to come back after all these years.” Obi-Wan Kenobi will be released on Disney Plus on May 27 with episodes dropping every Wednesday