Former Loose Women star Jane McDonald revisited the USA for her Channel 5 travel show Holidaying With Jane McDonald: Florida. The 59-year-old took a trip down memory lane and explored the Florida Keys as well as the waterways of Fort Lauderdale. She also wanted a photograph with the Southernmost Point Buoy, in Key West, and let viewers in on a "fantastic" way to beat the lengthy queues.  During an episode of the two-part series, Jane was greeted by a welcoming tour guide called Alejandro who rode a bike with a carriage attached to it which Jane could sit on to take in the views of the Sunshine State. Jane wanted to have a look at Southernmost Point Buoy, but she was not keen on standing in a queue for up to an hour to have a photograph of it. Tour guide Alejandro said: "To take a picture of the southernmost point of the USA is huge and people wait 45 minutes to an hour to have their picture with it." The camera panned to the tourist attraction, with Jane commentating: "This is what people queue to selfie with, a colourful buoy that marks the southernmost tip of the USA.  READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe gets devastating health update "But I am in luck as Alejandro knows how to get a photograph without standing in that massive line." As Alejandro was cycling past the queue with Jane sitting in a carriage attached she joked: "This is fantastic. "And that is why you should get one of these with a local - you don't waste your time then." As Alejandro approached the red and white buoy from the opposite direction to the queue Jane hopped out and posed for a picture in front of it.   She smiled next to the famous landmark and even though she could not get close enough to touch it, she was thrilled to have a snap next to it. After looking back at the photographs the tour guide took, she showed the camera and beamed: "Look at that." Alejandro joked Jane could not tell anyone about it as it was their "secret". She said she would not, but gave a cheeky look at the camera, knowing it might make the final cut of the travel show.  DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald takes on frightening challenge 'Stomach's churning' [MUST SEE]Jane McDonald shares how to find the 'best places' on holiday [LATEST]Jane McDonald shares essential cruise ship advice on packing [REVEALED] Jane added: "I'm enjoying this so much and you get to know how to sort everything out [thanks to] Alejandro - nice." Elsewhere in the series, Jane visited Fort Lauderdale and explained she worked there during the 1990s when she sang on cruise ships. At the end of the programme, Jane admitted: "Do you know, my heart is here and I don't want to leave. "It's brought back so many amazing memories here and seeing my old friend has been amazing.   "And don't forget memories never die and friends are always your friends." 