Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel will need to ship out a number of his side's existing stars in order to supplement his transfer budget ahead of next season, according to reports. The Blues manager is expected to have plenty of funds at his disposal when the club's transfer restrictions are eventually lifted upon the completion of Todd Boehly's proposed takeover, which is expected to be pushed through over the coming days. Reports have claimed that Tuchel will be given an eye-watering budget of £200million to reshape his playing squad in advance of a renewed Premier League title challenge when next season gets underway. However, this figure is not believed to be a guaranteed sum and will largely depend on the sales that Chelsea can make from their current squad, according to The Athletic.Chelsea are already resigned to losing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen on free transfers over the course of this summer, with the defensive duo set to join Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively after failing to extend their current deals at Stamford Bridge. The likes of Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso have also been linked with moves away from west London but it remains to be seen how much the Blues will be able to recoup for each of them prior to the start of the new campaign.Meanwhile, players such as Ross Barkley, Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech have also seen their long-term futures at Chelsea come into question in recent months and may also be set for the exit door before next season gets underway. Romelu Lukaku is another who could be sold in the not-too-distant future after expressing his desire to return to Inter Milan, but it remains to be seen whether Chelsea will be prepared to let him leave just a year after snapping him up for a club-record fee. JUST IN: Chelsea and two other teams will be glad to see the back of Sadio Mane Chelsea will certainly be looking to add to their squad this summer but will seemingly need to balance the books by selling a number of their current stars in order to make room for new arrivals. Sevilla defender Jules Kounde is believed to be a long-term target and has been tipped to finally make the switch to Chelsea as a matter of urgency after reaching an agreement over personal terms with the Blues last year.The two-time European champions have also been keeping tabs on the progress of Josko Gvardiol, who has established himself as a shrewd operator during his time with RB Leipzig over the last few years, while club chiefs are recently said to have reignited their interest in a move for Paris Saint-Germain full-back and former target Achraf Hakimi. But with Tuchel's budget reportedly dependent on outgoings, he may also consider the possibility of adding to his squad from within, with the likes of Levi Colwill and Conor Gallagher pushing for first-team breakthroughs. It seems as though Chelsea could be forced to play catch-up when the transfer window re-opens in a few weeks' time after having recently been forced to watch from afar due to the sanctions currently in place at the club. Tuchel has already insisted that prospective new owner Boehly will face a difficult task in leading a large-scale recruitment drive when quizzed on Chelsea's hopes of strengthening their current ranks after their final-day win over Watford earlier this month."We have clear ideas for the profiles and characteristics of the players we want," the German coach told reporters. "But you have to convince the player, you have to speak to other clubs and convince yourself this is the player, so there is normally a lot of work." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here