As the Loose Women team debated whether parents should learn first aid, journalist Jane, 59, shared a personal story about her own daughter's choking experience which left her "in a complete panic". The presenter told ITV audiences how her heart "stopped" as she tried to help her child but didn't know what to do, claiming her baby was "dying in front of me".  It came as they discussed Myleene Klass' recent revelation she has saved both of her daughters from choking in the past. The singer has stressed the importance of teaching first aid in schools in her new book, They Don't Teach This At School. She'd described the moments as "heart-stopping" and Jane agreed, knowing all too well the terrifying situation. "I know what she means by heart-stopping," Jane stated before she went on to share her experience. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money "When Grace was a baby, she was in the living room and it's like part of the kitchen, the same bit," she began. "And I suddenly heard this noise, and I went in and she was going like this," she started to make choking noises to demonstrate. "And I was like 'Oh my God.' "And I became completely panicked - it's like everything you think you know just falls out of a trapdoor in your head." "How old was she?" Sunetra Sarker asked her colleague. "I'm trying to think," Jane explained. "Old enough that she would've been able to pick something up, I can't remember the age." She went on: "So I vaguely remembered someone saying, 'You put them over your knee and you do this.'" She began to gesture gently hitting her hand on something. "And I was doing that because I was thinking it was some object - nothing." DON'T MISS... Vera's DI Aidan Healy star gives exciting update on new episodes [LATEST]Prince Harry's rumoured Jubilee absence has fans 'losing patience' [VIDEO]Sandi Toksvig sets record straight on why she quit Bake Off [INTERVIEW] Continuing, she described the terrifying moment she was forced to drive her daughter to a nearby GP. "And then she started... her eyes were going back in her head and she was starting to turn a bit of a funny colour. "So her older sister was upstairs and I screamed, I was like, 'Ellie!' I literally got into the car, Ellie was in there, I threw Grace in because the GP is just up the road. "I didn't put any seat belts on or anything, just drove up there."  Thankfully, the story had a happy outcome as she recalled how eventually a GP heard her screams and came rushing out, but at that moment her daughter had managed to dislodge the item and start breathing again. She admitted feeling helpless as her daughter was "dying in front of" her but she had no idea what to do. The panelist explained how the GP had to use special equipment to remove the bit of plastic from her daughter's throat. Loose Women airs weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV.