But 38 percent of all adults blame mid-night wakings for getting less sleep than they would like. The average person wakes up three times-a-night, with 84 percent of those who do, struggling to drift back off again. It also emerged 32 percent find they sleep better when they have dreams, whereas 21 percent claim it has a negative impact on their quality of sleep. Sleep expert Dr Kat Lederle, who has partnered with sleep brand Silentnight, which commissioned the research, said: “When we don’t get enough sleep, or have quality sleep, it can have such a huge knock-on effect for the following day. “This is especially the case when you have a busy life with little me time.” Lucy Atherton, from Silentnight, added: “Sleep is such a huge part of our lives. Where we sleep makes a huge difference to how we sleep. "It could be how your room is set up, the things you do in the space before going to bed, or quite simply the mattress you sleep on and how old it is. “In addition, the shortage of sleep not only impacts productivity at work, performance at school and overall health, but also has a profound effect on our family life.” The study also found 28 percent blame the initial struggle to get to sleep in the first place as a cause of their poor night’s slumber, with the average adult taking 19 minutes to drift off. While 84 percent will try various things to doze off, with counting sheep one of the more traditional methods to get off to sleep. Other common tactics include reading a book, deep breathing and taking a break from devices before bed. But some rely on less conventional solutions such as wrapping themselves up in their duvet, as well as tensing and relaxing their muscles. In a bid to get the best possible night’s kip, four in 10 need a dark room, while 81 percent think their mattress affects their quality of sleep. More than a third (35 percent) like to be snuggled under the duvet to help them sleep, and 26 percent prefer to have more than one pillow. The study, conducted via OnePoll, also highlighted the positive impact of feeling well rested, including being in a better mood, feeling more energized and being more productive. Following the findings, Silentnight has partnered with Denise van Outen to light up London’s skyline with sheep. It comes after Dr Kat Lederle revealed 25 is the approximate number of sheep it takes the average person to count per minute when trying to fall asleep. Dr Kat Lederle added: “Finding the right mattress for your unique sleep needs is incredibly important to ensure you’re getting the right level of support and getting the best quality of sleep. “If you’re unsure what your personal sleep needs are, you can use Silentnight's sleepunique tool online; an intelligent algorithm that uses your body measurements and sleeping habits to recommend your perfect mattress.” Silentnight is searching for the UK’s sleepiest family - to enter go to the brand's website. 20 COMMONLY USED METHODS PEOPLE USE TO GET THEMSELVES TO SLEEP