As the garden begins to grow in the summer sun, so do weeds. To reduce or prevent them, it is worth using natural methods that are not only cheap, but better for the environment too. Express.co.uk spoke to gardening experts for their top tips on natural ways to get rid of weeds. Martine Le Gassick, a creative director at gardening shop Stark & Greensmith recommended using boiling water. She said: "This can be a quick and simple way of disposing of weeds. "Just make sure to pour small amounts over the area and make sure to keep the area clear until the water has cooled down." READ MORE: Lawn care: The best time to mulch your garden grass Martine also advised using baking soda - a handy product that can be used both in the home and in the garden. She continued: "Baking soda is great for those stubborn weeds you can’t quite seem to get rid of. "This should be used on stoned areas like patios as the mixture can kill flowers surrounding the affected area." Another handy product, which all households usually have in the home, is vinegar. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [EXPERT]Gardening: ‘Critical’ way to give your daffodils post-flowering care [TIPS]Oven cleaning: ‘Cheap’ and ‘simple’ way to clean oven racks [INSIGHT] Martine said: "Vinegar works best for surface weeds, however, it doesn’t penetrate further down to the root. "It’s just a simple quick trick to get rid of any small weeds you can see." Tom Hilton, managing director of Bolton indoor gardening specialists, National Greenhouse, shared his top tips with Express.co.uk too. Like Martine, he advised using vinegar, saying: "You simply just need a gallon of white vinegar mixture of five percent acetic acid and 95 percent water, and a spray bottle to target those pesky nuisances." The gardening expert went on to recommend more "natural weed killers", which include "corn gluten meal, vodka, and good, old-fashioned boiling water". He explained: "With the corn gluten meal, you just need to spread it around the plants and after transplants and seedlings have taken hold in the soil, as well as after harvest to prevent any weeds growing later. “You can also mix two cups of water with one ounce of vodka and some drops of dish soap to dry out weeds that spend their days in the sun a lot. "Just make sure to only target the weeds and be precise as you don’t want to dry out other plants." But household drinks are not only good for getting rid of weeds, but for fertilising plants too. "For instance, with cola, you can fertilise plants that love the acids found in cola," Tom said. "And because cola has a low pH level, it makes it perfect for plants such as foxgloves, azaleas and hydrangeas. "Pour just a little bit of cola in the soil area around the base of the plants, making sure not to pour onto the plant or roots. Flat pop will do just fine.”