Daniel Bedingfield, 42, has shocked fans after uploading pictures of himself 20 years since the star was last in the limelight. The singer shared a rare social media snap, showcasing his drastically different appearance. The hitmaker stunned with a new rugged style as he posed for the camera, with a wiry beard and slimmer face. Fans were impressed to see the star in his new look, after he posted the first picture in months. The photo was shared in full view of his 15,900 followers. Fans jumped on to the post immediately to share their thoughts. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain Shanecollinson_ wrote: “And looking mighty fine.” Bellsthanout commented: “Wow you look so good!” Lynsavo said: “And looking good!” Femmepham posted: “Oh hiiiii Looking ever so refreshed.” In the caption to the post, the performer wrote: “Loving the strength returning to my heart finally, after all that Trump, covid, stuck in America bull****. I’m free!” Daniel’s last TV appearance was in 2016. The star had appeared on Lorraine at the time and delighted fans with his new, slender appearance. He appeared on the chat show at the time alongside singer Heidi Range to promote West End musical War of the Worlds. DON'T MISS...Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] Viewers took to Twitter at the time to remark at the fact that he was still alive. The singer had a horrific car crash in 2004, during which his car flipped several times, leaving him with vertebrae damage in his neck. @treesagreen25 said: “Ooooh Daniel Bedingfield is looking GOOD on @Reallorraine this morning.” @Fluffybubbles73 wrote: “Blimey Daniel Bedingfield is still alive.” @Pinotnoirgirl commented: “Omg Daniel Bedingfield is alive! @Lemontwittor said he was dead!” Daniel hit the music scene in 2001. His album Gotta Get Thru This was one of the best-selling albums of the early 2000’s. It had six top 40 hits and three number one singles.