Zlatan Ibrahimovic has detailed the physical pain and suffering he experienced on his way to inspiring his AC Milan team-mates to the club's first Serie A title since the 2010/11 season. The Rossoneri icon - now 40 years old - was part of the last title-winning Milan side prior to this season's triumph and battled through the pain barrier to write new history with Stefano Pioli's side, who wrapped up the Scudetto last Sunday with a 3-0 win on the final day of the season against Sassuolo.  In the aftermath of the celebrations and parade of the city, Ibrahimovic has since undergone immediate surgery to repair his anterior crucial ligament and the Swede has now sensationally revealed that he played without an ACL in his left knee for the final six months of the campaign. In a remarkable statement on his Facebook page, the seasoned veteran has documented the selfless sacrifice that went into securing yet another title. He wrote: "For the past six months I played without an ACL in my left knee. Swollen knee for six months. "I was only able to train with the team 10 times in the last six months. Took more than 20 injections in six months. READ MORE: Liverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Aurelien Tchouameni's private declaration "Emptied the knee once a week for six months. Painkillers every day for six months. Barely slept for six months because of the pain. Never suffered so much on and off the pitch. "I made something impossible to something possible. In my mind I had only one objective, to make my teammates and coach champions of Italy because I made them a promise. Today I have a new ACL and another trophy." Ibrahimovic has the record to prove it, having not started a Serie A game since the 2-1 defeat to Spezia back in January. Since then, he made just eight league appearances - all from the bench - to help the Rossoneri over the line as they finished two points ahead of his former side Inter. READ MOREManchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next seasonPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Arsenal 'see £76m mega transfer bid rejected' by Napoli for Victor Osimhen Zlatan chipped in with eight goals prior to his injury but it was his decisive assist five minutes from time in the 3-2 win at Lazio in April that saw Milan put one hand on the title. The former Manchester United striker is no stranger to serious knee injuries, after sustaining career-threatening damage to his meniscus and cruciate ligament while playing for the Red Devils in the Europa League against Anderlecht in 2017. Ibrahimovic, who gave a captivating speech to the Milan squad and staff in the dressing room after the victory at Sassuolo, has since confirmed he intends to play on, despite facing eight months on the sidelines. Milan have since called the procedure on his left knee "a complete success". Speaking back in March ahead of Sweden's World Cup qualifier against Czech Republic, Zlatan confessed he feels the "panic" over the prospect of his retirement. “I do feel a slight sense of panic at the prospect of retirement," he told reporters. "This goes on for 20-25 years, but one day I will wake up and have nothing planned, and that will be a strange feeling. “I think the greatest sadness will be yours, as you won’t get to watch me play anymore. You should enjoy it now because you’ll never see the likes of me again.”