Lewis Hamilton has revealed he expects to lose up to 20 pounds across the Miami Grand Prix weekend due to the scorching heat in Florida. A Grand Prix is being held in Miami for the first time after Formula One agreed a ten-year deal to stage races at the Miami International Autodrome. And Hamilton made an appearance at an event on Thursday to promote musician will.i.am's new collaboration with Mercedes. Speaking at the event, Hamilton spoke about the heat in Miami, saying: "I heard the track and the temperatures are going to be super high. Tomorrow I will likely lose 6-7 pounds, then 6-7 pounds the next day, and then during the race, it could be up to 10 pounds." Back in 2016, Hamilton described racing as "like working out in a sauna". In an interview with journalist Graham Bensinger, he said: "Most people I meet and particularly people who have just begun watching F1 or even like particularly in the States when I go and meet people and I tell them I could be losing 9-10 pounds in a race, and they are like 'What? No way?!' JUST IN: George Russell told 'special' season setting him apart from Hamilton "Sometimes, like in Malaysia, I always lose around 10 pounds in the race. It’s bloody roasting. It’s humid, there's no cool air coming so you’re on thermal underwear suit, gloves, balaclava helmet and it’s just like working out in a sauna. It is crazy!" Hamilton is hoping for a much better showing in Miami, having endured a difficult start to the season so far. The seven-time world champion has yet to win a race and has reached the podium just once, finishing third in Bahrain. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen's dad has face-to-face encounter with Toto WolffLewis Hamilton 'at his most dangerous' as Brit's two rivals warnedGeorge Russell shares Lewis Hamilton belief after close encounters He is currently languishing in eighth position in the drivers' standings with just 28 points, a whopping 58 behind early leader Charles Leclerc. As a result, Hamilton has already written off his chances of winning a record eighth world title this year. "We stick together," Hamilton said after a 14th-placed finish in the sprint race at Imola. "We try to motivate everyone. This is the situation we are faced with. We are obviously not fighting for the championship. But we are fighting to understand the car and improve and progress through the year. That's all we can hope for right now."