Rangers are Europa League finalists after one of the greatest nights in their history as they defied the odds to beat RB Leipzig 3-1 at a bouncing Ibrox. They will face Eintracht Frankfurt in Seville, while 10-man West Ham were left to lick their wounds in Germany following a 1-0 defeat. It was a similar story for Leicester, who were beaten 1-0 by Roma in Italy in the Conference League semi-final. Express Sport rounds up a phenomenal night of European action...  UEFA Europa League Rangers 3-1 RB Leipzig (3-2) There's only one place to start as Rangers booked their ticket to Seville. It was by no means easy but Giovanni van Bronckhorst's men got over the line courtesy of goals from James Tavernier, Glen Kamara and John Lundstram. The Gers were off to the best possible start when captain Tavernier arrived at the back post to tap home Ryan Kent's low drive across the face of goal. Incredibly, it was Tavernier's 7th goal in the Europa League this season - all in the knockout stages - making him the competition's top scorer. It would get even better for the hosts though when Kamara steered the ball home brilliantly into the bottom-left corner to double Rangers' lead on the night. The man of the moment Christopher Nkunku would draw Leipzig level though with a stunning first-time finish but the drama was not over yet. With 10 minutes to go, Lundstram continued his incredible second-half of the season by firing Rangers back in front to send Ibrox into raptures. The Scottish giants are now just 90 minutes away from securing their status as Rangers legends forever - although the majority of them have already reached that status...  Eintracht Frankfurt 1-0 West Ham (3-1) There will be no Europa League final for West Ham, whose semi-final clash with Eintracht Frankfurt, unfortunately, proved a step too far for the defiant 10-man Hammers, who were beaten 1-0 on the night and 3-1 on aggregate. There was a familiar feeling for West Ham inside 20 minutes when Aaron Cresswell was sent off for hauling down Jens Petter Hauge and denying a clear goalscoring opportunity. The left-back was of course shown red in the quarter-final first-leg against Lyon following a similar incident involving Moussa Dembele. It meant West Ham had a mountain to climb and their task got even harder when Eintracht's Colombian frontman Rafael Santos Borre rifled home the only goal of the game. UEFA Conference League Roma 1-0 Leicester (2-1) There will be no European final for Leicester, who were beaten by 1-0 by Roma, who are managed by one of the most decorated managers in world football, at the Stadio Olimpico. It was a familiar face who broke the deadlock on the night following last week's 1-1 draw at the King Power Stadium as Tammy Abraham powered home a header from a corner. The goal was reminiscent of Didier Drogba's equaliser in the 2012 Champions League final against Bayern Munich in Germany, given the power generated. Abraham has now hit 25 goals in his first season in Italy, as he offered Premier League clubs a reminder of his quality ahead of the summer transfer window. Roma will face Feyenoord in Tirana, Albania after the Dutch giants edged Marseille in the other semi-final, as Mourinho looks to add another European trophy to his collection.