It comes after Twitter user Laurence Unboxed compared Union Jacks flow on London's Regent Street to Nuremberg. In what appears to be a reference to the Nazi Party rallies held in the city during the 1930s, the social media user said the flag had become associated with "ignorance, racism and stupidity".  Speaking to Dan Wootton on GB News, Neil Oliver hit back claiming that it was a "tragedy" that the British flag was being spoken of in this way given British antifascism in the 1930s. He said: "The tragedy of using language like Nuremberg in relation to that flag. "Before there were many forces raised against fascism, Nazism in Europe in the 1930s and the 1940s. "It was Britain that was an early adopter of the necessity to stand up regardless of consequences.  "And fight back against Fascism and Nazism and the Union flag was symbolic of that. "There's also something deeply strange, hypocritical. "The contempt that's reserved for all things British, including the flag. "It's always and only contempt for the home team and the things that the home team has traditionally held dear. READ MORE: POLL: Do you care about new bombshell photos of Boris Johnson?  "Look how fond so many of the same sorts of people are of the European Union flag for example. "And that's a flag that represents not a nation, not a country, not a people but an unelected bureaucracy. " An unchallengeable unelected bureaucracy. "Look at all the appearances of the Ukrainian flag, particularly in the social media bios of the self righteous. DON'T MISS: ‘Potentially very tough outing' Laura Kuenssberg warns Boris Johnson  [REVEAL] Boris hit by attacks from INSIDE No10 - own staff turn on PM   [INSIGHT] Brexiteer blasts Remainers over Regent Street Union flag row     [SPOTLIGHT]  "So often the same people that say the British flag is a symbol of empire, of colonialism, of nationalism. "They can't wait to waive someone else's flag, anyone else's flag. "So there is a rank hypocrisy at the base of all this." Dan Wootton agreed with Mr Oliver and said that the forthcoming Platinum Jubilee would show that Britain had finally "opened up" after two years of lockdowns while other countries remained "caged and muzzled". He said: "I think any of these people sneering at Britain are so out of touch as this Platinum Jubilee is likely to go around the world. "It's going to show that we've finally opened up after two years of lockdowns, while other countries remain caged and muzzled." 