Better Call Saul has been airing for the past seven years and unfortunately, the story is almost over. The AMC and Netflix prequel is catching up with the events of Breaking Bad, signifying that the series is soon to be done and dusted with for good. The sixth and final season premiered in April 2022 with just one more episode left to come out. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better Call Saul. Better Call Saul season six made its debut on Monday, April 18, on AMC for those in the States and the following day on Netflix internationally. On the day of release, both networks showed the first two episodes with a new instalment then coming out weekly. Episode six will be Better Call Saul's highly anticipated midseason finale before the drama takes a break. What time the episode will be out, depends on how viewers have watched the series so far. READ MORE: The Repair Shop's Jay Blades unveils 'rule' of series 'Not allowed' If you reside in America and watch Better Call Saul on AMC, then episode six will be ready to watch on the network from 9pm ET (Eastern Time). But elsewhere in America, the same instalment is going to be released at 8pm CT (Central Time). Netflix fans will have to wait an extra day for the midseason finale to be released, as with the rest of the series so far. What time it comes out on the streaming service also depends on subscribers' geographical locations. While the show may be released at the exact same moment, the time will differ thanks to various time zones. For those living in the UK, Better Call Saul's season six, episode six, will be out at 8am BST (British Summer Time). As the majority of the rest of Europe is around one hour behind, subscribers can expect the Better Call Saul episode at about 9am. Once this instalment airs though, there is going to be a break before the rest of the series continues. DON'T MISS...How much do Amanda and Clive Owen get paid for Our Yorkshire Farm? [EXPLAINER]Eurovision's Maneskin singer Damiano sparks concern 'He's hurt!' [CAST]Better Call Saul’s Howard star recalls ‘problem’ with boxing match [INTERIVEW] The remaining six episodes won't begin to be shown for another couple of months. Better Call Saul season six, episode seven, will premiere on Monday, July 11, in America on AMC and the next day on Netflix. As with the rest of the series, a new instalment is going to come out every week for fans to enjoy. The grand finale will then be released for all fans on the week of Monday, August 15. Better Call Saul's season six, episode six will be entitled Axe and Grind. The synopsis reads: "Kim and Jimmy enlist a knowledgeable contact; Howard scrutinizes Jimmy's business practices." When the drama does return for episode seven in July, the instalment will be called Plan and Execution. Better Call Saul season 6 is available to watch on AMC in America and on Netflix in the UK.