Dan Walker has taken to Instagram to share a snap of Countryfile's Helen Skelton in her first public appearance following her split from husband Richie Myler. It comes after the Countryfile star, 38, confirmed her split from Leeds Rhino player Richie Myler, 31, last month on social media. Both Dan and Helen were attending the Sports Industry Awards at Evolution London last night. It was the Countryfile star's first public appearance since confirming her split from her husband who she shares three children with. The BBC host donned a stunning cream dress that showcased her enviable figure. The classy design hugged Helen's curves in all the right places as she took to the red carpet. Helen looked glamorous and smiled happily as she posed professionally for snaps. In view of his 274,000 followers, BBC Breakfast Dan documented his evening at the event. Taking a selfie with Helen, Dan smiled as he took a snap with the Countryfile star and Programme Director of the PGA tour, Belinda Moore. Helen grinned from ear to ear as she posed for the snap with Dan at the glitzy event. The star's public appearance comes days after she returned to Instagram without her wedding ring as her estranged husband reportedly embarked on a new romance. The mother of three was filming an advert for Smart Energy GB, a non-profit, government-back campaign to encourage people to use smart meters in their homes as a way of monitoring their energy consumption. Helen looked her usual chipper self as she sipped a cup of team while discussing the campaign. As she gripped her mug, it was apparent the star's wedding ring was nowhere to be seen. DON'T MISS... Julia Fox stuns as she showcases abs in ultra low-rise trousers [INSIGHT]James Corden names Prince Harry ‘devoted father’ amid kid's play dates [ANALYSIS]Adele confirms she's moved in to $58 million pad with beau Rich Paul [UPDATE] It comes as Countryfile viewers noticed her absence from the show's most recent episode last week. Additionally, Helen's estranged husband rugby player Richie reportedly has a "new love interest." Last month, Helen broke the news of the heartbreaking split with her social media followers and confirmed Richie had "left the family home". In view of her 284,000 followers, Helen confirmed that she and the rugby player are no longer together.   The TV presenter wrote: "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. "He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co parent our small children," she ended the post alongside a series of broken heart emojis. A source close to Helen claimed that the star is doing well, adding that mutual friends of the former couple think she's been treated "appallingly" “Helen’s holding it together well, which is admirable given she was blindsided by his new relationship," they claimed to The Sun. Express.co.uk has previously contacted Richie Myler for comment. The sportsman has not yet commented on the split from his wife.