Erling Haaland will join Manchester City this summer and his move to the Etihad Stadium is now a done deal, according to reports. The Borussia Dortmund striker has been linked with many of Europe's elite clubs over the past year. But, now, a move to the Premier League with Pep Guardiola's team now beckons. According to The Athletic, Haaland will move to City this summer with confirmation expected later in the week. Sources in Germany have described the deal as being ‘done’ in what represents a massive coup for Guardiola’s team. Haaland has also been linked with Real Madrid, who are keen to revamp their squad despite reaching the Champions League final under Carlo Ancelotti. But the Norway international is primed to move to the Premier League, with initial personal terms done. Dortmund and City, for their part, have recently had ‘dialogue’ about a move that will see the striker move to England. And Dortmund think they’ll receive a message from the reigning Premier League champions imminently making it known they’ll trigger the player’s release clause, which is around £63million. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Haaland's father, Alf-Inge, previously played for City during his own playing days. And, now, his son is primed to follow in his footsteps at the age of 21. Haaland has scored 85 goals in 88 appearances for Dortmund since his arrival from Red Bull Salzburg back in the January transfer window of 2020. Manchester United were eyeing the forward that year, at a time where Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was in charge - with the 49-year-old previously managing Haaland at Molde. But the Red Devils ended up missing out after refusing to bow to Mino Raiola's demands. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here As well as Madrid, other teams have also been eyeing the Norway international. Barcelona were, at one point, considered frontrunners in the race to land the forward. However, with the Catalan giants seeking to balance their finances, they don’t have the money required for a deal of such magnitude. Likewise Bayern Munich, who may lose Robert Lewandowski this summer having failed to agree on a new contract. And while Paris Saint-Germain have also been linked, their priority has always been trying to keep hold of Kylian Mbappe. Guardiola was recently asked about Haaland potentially moving to the Etihad, meanwhile. And he kept his cards close to his chest, saying: "I have no answer to your question. "I have no concern about what will happen in this club next season. "We are playing with good strikers and for many years I never talk about transfers, especially when we are playing for this season." City are on course to win the Premier League title again this year, especially after Sunday’s 5-0 hammering of Newcastle.