The Prince of Wales's time on the throne will be "an interregnum", royal biographer Andrew Morton has claimed. And, he added, the Queen is aware of this and sees the second-in-line to the throne as the future of the Firm. Asked what the monarch is putting in place for the future and how she is protecting her legacy ahead of the end of her reign, Mr Morton told OK! magazine: "She’s spent a lot of time with Prince William and with Catherine and I think she sees them very much as the future. "She’s no fool – she knows Prince Charles is going to be an interregnum, like Edward VII, so the family that will carry the burden for the monarchy going forwards is the House of Cambridge." The Duke of Cambridge, Princess Diana's biographer added, has been involved in conversations regarding the future of the monarchy and his role. He said: "Of course, he has – he’s a central player. "Obviously, Prince Charles is the next in line, but even he would acknowledge that everyone sees William as the future of the Crown and the popular future – despite being booed at Wembley!" Mr Morton referred to the incident taking place at Wembley Stadium ahead of the FA Cup final. The Duke attended it as the president of the Football Association. Prior to the match's kick-off on May 14, William was booed by some spectators after his presence at the stadium was announced. The jeering directed at the senior royal continued when he stepped on the pitch to shake hands with the Chelsea and Liverpool players about to go head to head. Prince William appeared unscathed by the criticism and, following the end of the match, the Duke took centre stage once again to hand the FA Cup trophy to Liverpool players, who won 6-5 on penalties. Prince William is currently the most popular member of the Royal Family, second only to the Queen, according to YouGov rolling popularity ranking. Data collected during the first quarter of 2022 from a sample of 1343 UK adults shows 66 percent of those surveyed like William. Only 11 percent of the polled said to dislike him and 19 percent had a neutral stance on him. This large percentage of people who have a positive opinion of him placed William fourth in the most popular public figure chart by YouGov. William is currently placed behind the Queen, Michelle Obama and her husband Barack Obama. In recent years, Prince William has gained a prominent role within the Firm. In January 2020, the Duke of Cambridge was among the senior royals to discuss with Prince Harry the exit terms of the Sussexes from the Royal Family as its working members. More recently, Prince William has also been tasked to step in for the Queen as she is experiencing episodic mobility issues. Earlier this month, the second-in-line travelled to the UAE to pay his and the Queen's respects following the death of Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan. On May 10, Prince William attended for the first time the State Opening of Parliament. He joined Prince Charles - who read the Queen's Speech - and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, for this occasion. Both Charles and William are Counsellors of State, who can be given the authority through a letters patent to step in for the Queen on a limited range of constitutional duties.