The now-infamous symbol, nicknamed “Putin’s swastika”, has been used by the Russian forces in Ukraine as a means of identifying their own soldiers and equipment in conflict. It has become a sign of Putin’s brutal invasion of Ukraine and the Russian officials hinted early on in the war that it means “for the victory”.    As military processions go forth across cities in Russia, one military outfit in the city of Yekaterinburg in the western part of the country has paraded the letter Z on their uniforms. The brigade can be seen marching down the main street during the parade. The soldiers appear to be elder Russian gentlemen and are marching in rows of four or five down the street. They are following several more senior military members, one of whom is carrying a flag. CEPA resident fellow Anders Östlund said: "Sturmabteilung. Russia goes full Nazi." The Sturmabteilung was a paramilitary organisation pivotal to securing Adolf Hitler's power in Germany during the 1930s.    On Sunday, footage emerged of fighter jets flying over the Russian capital of Moscow in a Z-formation. The symbol has become synonymous with the war in Ukraine after Putin sent thousands of troops into its neighbouring country on February 24. The letter has been used to decorate buildings, posters, and billboards across Russia. Many forms of it use the black-and-orange St George’s ribbon, which is associated with Victory Day. READ MORE: Putin to unveil terrifying 'doomsday plane' TODAY [REVEAL]   Early examples of its use popped up at the start of March, just weeks after Putin ordered the invasion of Ukraine. Terminally ill children in the Russian city of Kazan were pictured standing in the snow outside a hospital forming the letter Z. The chairman of the cancer charity that runs the hospice said he used a drone to take the photo of the children with their mothers. Russian gymnast Ivan Kuliak also sported the symbol on a podium after finishing third in the parallel bars at a competition in Qatar. DON'T MISS: Putin sparks health fears as world leaders report 'less coherence' [REVEAL]'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage [REPORT]Putin humiliated as Russian state TV Victory Day coverage HIJACKED [REVEAL]  The Russian defence ministry appeared to suggest that the meaning of the symbol Z is “for the victory”. They posted three pictures on Instagram of current soldiers alongside what seemed to be Soviet soldiers from WW2. The letter Z was superimposed on the images, along with the Russian “За победу”, which means “for the victory”. But other posts suggest the letter stands for “demilitarisation” and “denazification”.   