Ahead of the local elections on Thursday, the Prime Minister will be joined by Susanna Reid at Downing Street to address the public on Tuesday’s Good Morning Britain. The last time Boris Johnson was interviewed on the show, he was seen running into a fridge to hide from a reporter. Fans have begged the ITV presenter to “ask some adult questions” and “hold him to account rather than going soft”. However, many fans of the show are sceptical and have predicted he will have screened the questions he’ll be asked. Susanna, 51, confirmed the news on her official Twitter account, telling her 829,900 followers: “OMORROW: Live from Downing Street, my interview with the Prime Minister. “Don’t miss it. @gmb from 6am on ITV.” The post was retweeted by the Good Morning Britain account and viewers were quick to send in their questions for Susanna to ask. Alfons United posted: “Here is the nation hoping that you can ask some adult questions and be objective for a change…” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson to leave village as he's sacked Aaron added: “Hopefully you’ll hold him to account rather than going soft on him because ITV are nervous that he will go another 1000 days without talking to GMB.” Neil Hallworth tweeted: “Please, pick him up on every single lie he has uttered and everyone he utters in your interview. “Getting through your agenda of questions should not be your objective, clearly calling out his lies is paramount. Thanks.” Soosie B added: “Has he agreed to do this because you have given him a list of the questions you will ask? “PLEASE hold him to account, don’t let him fluff his way out of questions - don’t let him answer with ‘we are world beating’ ‘we are getting on with the job’ etc.” However Timsar argued: “Folks, hold you breath. This is not going to be interview. This will be a Tory broadcast just two days before the elections.” Jason Ratcliffe continued: “I'll probably watch the interview, but don't expect anything spectacular. “All of the questions and subjects will be pre-screened, and any non screened subjects will be brushed aside, or Boris will simply end the interview, and Susanna will be asked to leave.” DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway leaves Sturgeon rattled over dropping support [VIDEO]GMB viewers blast Madeley and Garraway's reaction to emotional chat [REACTION]Nicola Sturgeon confronted with brutal new Indy poll ‘Must be disappoi [WATCH] The Prime Minister did not appear on Good Morning Britain once while the UK was plunged into lockdown during the pandemic. He did however, appear on the rival breakfast show on BBC and most recently, joined Tom Newton-Dunn on TalkTv. His appearance on the breakfast show comes after Kate Garraway and Richard Madeley quizzed Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon. The SNP leader did the rounds on the morning programmes as she generates support for the local elections. However, Kate left her rattled when she asked about what was being down to support those struggling with the cost of living. “It does say that most Scots think that you, Nicola Sturgeon, haven't done enough on the cost of living crisis. I’m sure that's very frustrating for you to hear that that's what they think,” Kate said referencing a recent poll. "What more do you need to do and what have you not done?" The SNP leader replied: “I don't think when asked the question in a poll they will be particularly minded to say that any politician has done enough because not enough generally, is being done.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.