Arsenal will reportedly have to pay up £34million if they are to land Napoli's Fabian Ruiz this summer. Mikel Arteta's side have been long-term admirers of the Spaniard and could act on their interest in the off-season when the midfielder enters the final year of his current contract.  With Champions League football appearing increasingly likely next term, Arteta has made no secret of his desire to bolster his ranks this summer. According to Napoli Piu, one such player the Spaniard could look to add to his squad is Serie A star Ruiz. The Gunners are understood to be the 'most interested' club among the 26-year-old's list of suitors and could look to exploit his contract uncertainty. The Italian report states that Napoli are demanding a transfer fee in the region of £34m for the midfielder, whose contract expires in the summer of 2023. However, Arsenal may well seek to negotiate a smaller fee given the Serie A side risk losing Ruiz for nothing next summer, should they fail to tie him down to a new deal. The Gunners are, however, expected to face competition from elsewhere. READ MORE: Chelsea's new owners tipped to do three things completely different to Abramovich  Barcelona in particular have previously found themselves linked with the former Real Betis midfielder, though the cash-strapped Catalan club's interest appears to have cooled somewhat over recent months. Barcelona manager Xavi appears increasingly content with his current midfield options, playing down talk Frenkie de Jong may well move on this summer, while the likes of Gavi and Pedri have continued their ascent this season. Italian football journalist Raffaele Auriemma previously claimed Ruiz was keen to leave Napoli this summer, as relayed by arenanapoli.it, however the player was said to be uninterested in a move to the Emirates as he held out hopes of receiving bigger offers from elsewhere. The revelation came amid reported interest from Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain. DON'T MISSDarwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'[SOCIAL]Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away[TRANSFERS]Arsenal legends' view on Mikel Arteta after Spaniard warned them not to 'spread poison' [QUOTES]  The Gunners are understood to be prioritising the signing of a midfielder this summer, with a number of names having been linked, alongside Ruiz. It is thought Arsenal may look to revive their interest in Juventus' Arthur Melo in the summer having seen a deal fall through in January. Arteta's side have also been tipped to move for Arthur's Brazilian compatriot, Douglas Luiz, currently of Aston Villa. Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves has also been linked alongside Leicester's Youri Tielemens, another whose contract expires in the summer of 2023.  