Bristol Mayor Marvin Rees was the first city mayor to declare a climate emergency - but has now come under fire for seeming to disregard his own carbon footprint. Mr Rees urged leaders at the TED conference in Canada that city mayors could influence carbon policy. But climate campaigners Flight Free UK worked out the trip created 2.016 tonnes (2,016kg) of CO2 per passengers, rendering it “at odds” with his message. The campaign group said Mr Rees flew some 4,600 miles (7,402km) each way in April to attend the annual TED conference held in Vancouver, flights which could have been avoided entirely by appearing virtually. Flight Free UK director Anna Hughes said: "Bristol was the first place in the UK to declare a climate emergency, yet the mayor is acting completely at odds with this declaration. "Faced with such a precarious climate situation, we need our leaders to demonstrate the kind of action we should all be taking, not flying to another continent to speak, ironically, about the climate emergency. "Actions always speak louder than words, and in this post-pandemic age of online interactions, it would have been a much more powerful and effective statement to appear on screen." The mayor’s office clarified that Mr Rees had a “full agenda” when visiting Vancouver, and that the trip was able to help gain networking opportunities that could lead to funding for his city. A spokesman for the Mayor said: "He has been clear - the fight against climate change will be won or lost in cities, which generate three-quarters of global carbon emissions. "And it is therefore the duty of city leaders to come together, lobby for change and influence each other to make a collective impact. "The mayor's visit to Vancouver was not just to deliver the talk. He had a full agenda.” Mr Rees’ speech was delivered just a month before Bristol voted to abolish his job. 56,113 voters said they wanted to scrap the position of Mayor and opt for a committee system in the city instead, making up roughly 59 percent of the vote. Mr Rees will remain in the position until 2024. He said at the conference: "Cities are responsible for around 75% of CO2 emissions, and we're also prodigious emitters of nitrogen dioxide and methane. And cities consume 80% of the world's energy. READ MORE: Doomsday warning: Earth's system facing self-inflicted ‘chaos’ [REVEAL] "But it's the characteristics of cities - their reach, size, density, close proximity of the leadership to the people, their adaptability, and their capacity for reinvention - that mean we can actually plan to manage those numbers." He went on to praise new net-zero homes in Bristol, and a layout which phases out “car dependency”. But Green councillors in Bristol criticised recent decisions in the city to remove bicycle lanes, and said more action was needed locally. Shadow cabinet member for climate and ecology, Katy Grant, called for a roadmap for how Bristol could reach net zero carbon emissions by 2030. "The mayor is right to identify cities across the globe as crucial sites of efficiency, scale, innovation and impact when it comes to fighting the climate crisis," she said. "But it's just as important that we have city leaders who are prepared to actually make the bold and difficult decisions needed to tackle the climate emergency, such as measures to reduce car use, or prioritising sustainable homes over developers' profits."