A member of the public was shocked to discover the box with the tiny pups inside in Heathervale Recreation Ground in New Haw, Addlestone, last Monday. They took the five-week-old puppies, who are thought to be Jack Russell Terrier crosses, to a vets in Staines who alerted the RSPCA. RSPCA Inspector Natalie Kitchin said: “The member of the public kindly moved the puppies into a larger box and wrapped them in a towel before taking them to a local vets. “The clinic alerted us and we have now launched an investigation. "We’re making enquiries in the local area and are keen to hear from anyone who may recognise the puppies or who saw anything suspicious in the park on Monday."  The puppies - three males and two females named Ben, Jerry, Rocket, Calippo and Solero - underwent vet checks before being moved into the care of a fosterer. One was very lethargic and has since been taken back into the care of the vets. It comes as the RSPCA is braced for an animal welfare crisis due to the soaring cost of living with rescue centres across the country reaching full capacity. READ MORE: Heartbreak as rescue dog overlooked in kennels for 450 days Ms Kitchin added: “Our centres are full to bursting at the moment and, sadly, we’ve seen an increase in the number of animals coming into our care. "We’re seeing lots of animals being abandoned and many of our branches are being approached by owners wishing to sign their pets over as they can no longer care for them. “We fear this is as a result of the cost of living crisis and are concerned this will continue to get worse throughout the year, with struggling charities like the RSPCA left to pick up the pieces. DON'T MISSRescue dog overlooked as adopters put off by age and health issuesRescue dog who was kept in locked bedroom receives no applicationsRescue dog who ‘dreams of finding home’ marks one year in kennels “We believe one reason for this increase in animals being abandoned may be that owners did not realise the costs associated with their pets - which can include vet bills, feeding an animal, boarding facilities and grooming bills.” Anyone with information about the puppies is asked to contact the RSPCA's appeal line on 0300 123 8018.