For months, Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) and Al Chapman (Michael Widman) have been at loggerheads with each turning to dirty tactics to get one up on the other. However, their long-running Emmerdale feud could be about to be turned on its head as they learn Al is actually Cain’s half-brother. Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) is known for keeping secrets from her family, most recently she failed to tell Cain that Nate Robinson (Jurrell Carter) was his son. Now, it could come out Al is also her son who she put up for adoption. Al and Cain will take centre-stage for a week of flash forward episodes as their feud comes to a head. With it being revealed one villager will end up dead, could one of the men kill their half-brother without knowing who they are? A first-look image from the special week of episodes shows Cain looking in the rear-view mirror as a car speeds up behind him. If the pair end up in a car chase with one another, it’s likely it won’t end well and if there’s a wreckage, one could end up dead. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson to leave village as he's sacked Producer Laura Shaw teased: “We'll see the Cain and Al rivalry resurface and I can promise you that that will take a big twist in the special week, and lives will definitely be in danger. “We know that these two have a simmering rivalry that's been building for months now, so we think it's going to be explosive when these two butt heads again. "Will they both come away from the week unscathed or will something big happen that will change the dynamic between these two forever?” It could be Cain survives the car wreckage but Al suffers from his injuries and dies. With Cain recovering in the hospital, Faith could be left devastated as she learns from doctors that Al is the son she gave up for adoption many years ago. Noticing something is up with Faith, Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) could sit her down and ask what’s going on. Faith could then tearfully open up and reveal she’s just found out Al was her son and Cain has killed his half-brother. The news would certainly shock Moira who would know Cain will be furious when he finds out his mother has kept another major secret from him. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Jimmy King to receive tragic health diagnosis [THEORY]Charley Webb 'furious' with husband Matthew Wolfenden for defying her [INSIGHT]Emmerdale's Malandra Burrows opens up about cancer battle [LATEST] Will Moira keep Faith’s secret or will she decide her husband needs to know the truth? If Cain learns he was related to Al and he had a half-brother who was put up for adoption, he will likely decide he can no longer truth his mother. Speaking of Faith’s secret, Laura told Express.co.uk and other press: “Faith [has a] big, huge and shocking secret. “That's revealed to Moira - she's the one that she shares that with. “There's some really touching scenes in the week with Moira and Faith. "We'll see some things going on with Faith that she's keeping a secret, but why?” Fans don’t have too long to find out what Faith’s secret is and how Cain and Al’s feud comes to a head. Emmerdale airs weeknights on ITV at 7.30pm.