The agent of Inter Milan forward Lautaro Martinez, Alejandro Camano, has played down the idea of a summer move to the Premier League for his client ahead of next season. The likes of Arsenal and Tottenham have been credited with an interest in bringing Martinez to English shores in order to strengthen their respective squads when the transfer window re-opens at the end of the campaign. Martinez played a major role in helping Inter to secure last year's Serie A title and has chipped in with another 21 goals in all competitions since the beginning of the current season. Arsenal and Tottenham are both said to be keen admirers of the 24-year-old, who remains tied down to Inter until the summer of 2026, but are likely to be left frustrated by the latest comments from his agent over the possibility of a move in the not-too-distant future."We are not depending on a transfer," explained Camano during an appearance on Uruguayan radio station Radio Colonia, as reported by Goal. "He is at Inter, he is happy, the city is wonderful."Sometimes the press publishes things about a transfer but Lautaro is thinking about Inter, giving the people of Inter joy, becoming champions and working for the World Cup." JUST IN: Pep Guardiola has blanked Man City stars after Real Madrid meltdown Martinez has assumed the role of Inter's attacking talisman since the departure of Romelu Lukaku in pre-season and penned a new long-term deal to extend his stay at the San Siro back in October. It remains to be seen whether he will eventually be tempted to make the switch to England over the next few months, though, with Arsenal said to be on the lookout for a new first-choice striker to lead the line for them next season.The Gunners are set to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah when their contracts expire at the end of the campaign and have long been credited with a desire to land Martinez, who has firmly established himself as a proven goalscorer over the last few years. Tottenham have also been linked with a move for the Inter man since the end of last season and could have the edge over their north London rivals due to his strong relationship with former boss Antonio Conte.Spurs are currently facing questions over the long-term future of Harry Kane, who is said to be on Manchester United's list of attacking targets, and could decide to turn to Martinez if the England skipper leaves in search of a new challenge this summer. Former Tottenham goalkeeper Paul Robinson recently urged Conte to chase a move for Martinez by insisting that his presence at the top of the pitch would unlock the club's full potential to move forward over the coming years. "I think he would take Spurs to a different level, he’s an amazing player," Robinson told Football Insider. "Spurs have a great front three but they cannot play every week."Jurgen Klopp has found that out with his front three [at Liverpool], he has five players in rotation for those positions. As well as Spurs’ front three are doing at the moment they cannot play every game, it is a squad game now more than ever."When you talk about Martinez coming in we are assuming that Kane will still be there but I’m not sure he will. His aspirations will not have changed, he has a good relationship with Conte but he will want to win titles." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here