The Labour leader is currently trying to convince the public media reports that he broke lockdown rules by eating curry and drinking beer with staff are false. But many voters continue to be more concerned about the core political issues, including Brexit. Express.co.uk heard a mixed response from potential voters in Stoke to questions about Sir Keir during a walkabout on May 6. Many who were approached for comment were unsure exactly what it was the Labour leader stood for beyond the office of Prime Minister. Craig, a furniture seller in the city, was, however, certain he had worked the man – and his intentions – out. He said he was largely “happy with Brexit”, despite the fact it “took too long”, and insisted: “It’s what the country wanted.” He stopped short of saying the same for the official Opposition, about which he said: “I think they are like the Lib Dems.” Craig added that, in his mind, the Labour leader has not changed since the time he was agitating for a second referendum. Sir Keir has attempted more recently to shed the image of him battling to block Brexit. But his new EU withdrawal tagline – “make Brexit work” – did not appear to wash, after first featuring a long way down in an interview for the Observer which focussed on "Partygate". READ MORE: Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ Craig said he was particularly concerned by the prospect of Sir Keir’s Labour managing – or, in his view, failing to manage – Britain’s post-Brexit borders. Asked what his largest worry would be were Labour gain power, he said it was immigration, which many politicians and political academics insist is deeply rooted to Brexit in the first place. Craig said: “I think they want to let everyone in. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] “I agree we should let a lot of people in, but there aren’t enough houses for people just in this country.” He was also unclear about whether Labour had moved on from the days of Jeremy Corbyn’s leadership, and suggested the party still struggled with issues relating to anti-Semitism. The best one long-time Labour voter, Paul, 71, could say about Sir Keir’s leadership was that his party contained “some good” people and “some bad”. The former coal miner was adamant that "Beergate" accusations were “bulls**t” – nothing but a Tory ploy to distract “publicity” elsewhere. Paul was not, however, overly enthusiastic about the alternative Labour would offer to the current Conservative rule. Other voters almost couldn’t care either way, having come to the similar conclusions they’re “all as bad as each other”, are “living in a parallel world” and are only engaging in the “art of lying”.