 The news of the operation emerged from a Russian social media channel on Telegram claiming his operation was kept under wraps as his image continued to be shown in meetings, portraying him as present at the time. Speculation has been rife as to the state of health of the Russian President, with recent footage showing him gripping a table as if steadying himself, as well as slurred speech in a meeting with Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu.   According to the opposition Telegram channel General SVR, the operation Putin has allegedly been though had been essential said medical aides were aware of inside information on his health. The reports suggest Putin had encountered difficulties on Friday night when his condition was said to deteriorate prior to him improving as the evening went on. Media appearances by the President on Tuesday were said to be pre-recorded, suggesting much of the footage was “canned” images of Putin sitting at his desk. Whilst Putin is undergoing treatment, the channel suggests top Kremlin official and former Russian Security Service counter-intelligence spy Nikolai Patrushev is said to be in control of running affairs in the absence of the President. The Kremlin has yet to officially provide any information as to the status of Putin’s health, often portraying him as healthy and well, denying any medical conditions new or pre-existing.  Writing on the popular social media channel, the statement by General SVR said: “On the night of Monday May 16 to Tuesday May 17, Russian President Vladimir Putin underwent a surgical operation. “The fact that Putin should be operated on as soon as possible was insisted upon by his attending physicians. “According to the doctors involved in the treatment of the President, the operation was successful. “We have already talked about the fact that Putin was personally absent from the information space from May 17 to May 19 and was not available even to his inner circle, with the exception of Nikolai Patrushev, Secretary of the Security Council of the Russian Federation. “From May 17 to May 19, ‘canned’, pre-recorded meetings and messages were posted in the information space, and Putin personally held two telephone conversations during this time.”  READ MORE:Putin on the brink as illness leaves Kremlin in growing 'disarray' The Russian President was last seen on Friday appearing to chair a meeting with Security Council members. But General SVR said: “The President’s speech was recorded in advance, and Putin’s participation in video format was supported using Deepfake technology, as was the case the week before”. “In reality, on May 20, Putin was still too weak to take part in lengthy meetings and had two short video calls. “On May 20, in the evening, Putin's health deteriorated and stabilised only on the morning of Saturday, May 21. “The attending physicians recommend that Putin rest in the coming days and urge him to refuse personal participation in meetings.”  DON'T MISS:British Airways horror as emergency hits London to Glasgow flight [REPORT]Fears UK will be dumping ground for cheap foreign food as prices soar [REVEAL]Pelosi ally told to 'mind own business' on Brexit [INSIGHT] Reports suggest a meeting between Putin and Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko today is a smokescreen designed to hide the truth. Mr Lukashenko was seen in the Black Sea resort of Sochi, a favourite haunt of the Russian President. The Telegram channel stated: “The Minsk autocrat is “one of the few people” who “know the real state of affairs with Putin's health”. Various reports give varying accounts of the health of Putin. Many predict he is suffering from cancer, with thyroid, abdominal and blood cancer all being mentioned.  Other reports suggest Putin is suffering from a form of neuro-disease, with Parkinson’s frequently mentioned by observers. Vladimir Putin is “constantly” accompanied by a doctor specialising in thyroid cancer, according to an investigation by opposition outlet Proekt. Surgeon Yevgeny Selivanov, of Moscow's Central Clinical Hospital, a thyroid cancer specialist, is reported to be constantly at Putin’s side. 