A fed-up motorist has revealed how he towed his neighbour’s car away after they supposedly intentionally blocked his drive in order to stop him from opening his “noisy” garage door. The issue arose recently when his next-door neighbours had a baby - and he made a conscious effort to ensure they were not disturbed, The Mirror reported. This included stopping playing his drums after pm, soundproofing his home, and not hosting guests outdoors after 6pm. However, the frustrated motorist with the username MelodicStrategy1569 explained on Reddit that his garage is next to the neighbour’s bedroom where their baby sleeps. He said: “I've got a roller door which beeps quietly four times within 20 seconds of me arriving home and pushing the button. READ MORE: Deliveroo rider spotted cycling through Glasgow's Clyde tunnel “It's so quiet that at times I can't hear it when sitting in the room adjacent to the garage when my partner comes home. "I get home from work at 11pm and put my car in the garage. “A couple of weeks ago my neighbour approached me and asked if I could wait until the morning to put my car away, but I declined as there have been break-ins to cars on our street lately. "My car is also one that is targeted by thieves a lot as parts are expensive, and it's an enthusiasts car. DON'T MISS Motorists in a 'very difficult position' after red diesel ban [REVEAL] 'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' [INSIGHT] Motorists may save hundreds of pounds despite new laws [ADVICE] “I apologised but was firm when telling her that I will not, under any circumstances, leave my car out overnight." The motorist added that he recently returned home and found his neighbour’s car blocking his drive. And he decided to have it towed. He said: “Today (Saturday) I decided to play my drums around lunchtime in my soundproofed rumpus room. “You can only hear minimal vibration from the kick from the outside, but it's at the rear of my property and quite far away from any neighbours but they still had something to say." He added: "The wife came over and basically said she had put up with my noise for long enough and that she was exhausted due to the kid never sleeping thanks to the noise I make. "I was definitely still miffed about the driveway blocking situation from the other night and snapped a little, telling her that I'd been considerate enough and already made concessions in terms of noise. "I said that while it's within my right to play music up until 10pm in our council, I've cut myself off at 6pm in consideration of her and her kid. “I said that from now on she'll have to get over it because I was done catering to her and her family." The frustrated driver also took to social media to see if the public agreed with his actions. Many people online sided with the motorist. One wrote: "It sounds like you’ve been very reasonable and you’re allowed to live your life. They chose to have the baby. Surely they knew things might wake it up?" Another wrote: "They need to get used to a normal level of noise when sleeping. Obviously don't vacuum the room they're in but a neighbour's garage door is something they should be able to sleep through." A third added: "Not that it's a good excuse but she probably is exhausted and this is one of those 'need something to blame' kind of things. "She is probably fixated on you and your 'noise' because it's something that's right next door and something she can directly ‘attack’ in a manner of speaking. "It sounds as if she's unlucky enough to have one of those babies that just doesn't sleep much, or well. That's not your fault though."