  Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen took to Instagram today to speak about the power cut that “could not have come at a more stressful time”. The Yorkshire Shepherdess admitted that she “said a prayer” as she shared some snaps of her horse Hazel with a newly-delivered foal.      Amanda, 47, updated her 510,000 followers this morning on her whirlwind couple of days without power. “What a week it has been,” she began. “Two days without power so with regards to timing, Hazel’s foaling could not have come at a more stressful time. “No phone signal & no Wi-Fi. Still no Wi-Fi as the power outage seems to have bust something.” READ MORE: 'The baldy biker!' Dave Myers appears for first time since chemo     Amanda went on to share that even her back-up options were out of reach, forcing her to deal with the foaling alone. “Couldn’t get in touch with the people that I had on standby,” she penned. “Not even a quick brew of @yorkshiretea when sorted.” “Said a prayer and was thankful,” Amanda added with a prayer emoji.      The star ended the post with a series of hashtags: #yorkshire, #shepherdess, #mare, #foal, #clydesdale, #foaling, #heavyhorse and #horse. The accompanying snaps showed an exhausted Amanda with her eyes closed beside her horse. Another picture gave her fans a glimpse of the auburn-coloured foal. Amanda’s followers took to the comments section to share their relief and congratulatory messages with the farmer. READ MORE... Coleen Rooney claims Rebekah Vardy texts 'knocked her sick' [INSIGHT] Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [NEWS] Nick Knowles addresses DIY SOS axe after BBC row over Shreddies advert [NEWS]      Emma Pemberton wrote: “Very scary but a wonderful outcome. Well done getting through such a challenging situation.” Karen Brace penned: “Ah they are such beauties. Glad she foaled safe. Get that kettle on woman, you deserve it.” Joan Lloyd commented: “Well done you for being strong and dealing with all the problems that have been thrown at you this week. But what a joyful result!” Lavinia Taylor added: “You’re a strong woman! You’ve done amazing, helping Hazel all by yourself.”      Amanda is a famous face on Channel 5 thanks to the success of TV series Our Yorkshire Farm, which follows the life of her family living at Ravenseat Farm in North Yorkshire. Amanda and her husband Clive Owen have their hands full as they manage raising nine children in the Yorkshire Dales. The show has been a massive hit for Channel 5 and has attracted millions of viewers across its run so far. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch now on My5.   