A Ukrainian soldier could be seen fighting his last stand against Russian troops who had previously killed everyone else engaging the enemy soldiers in a trench. The Russian troops are seen making their way through the trench and attacking the Ukrainian soldier, but the lone defender put in a valiant attempt to defend his position despite being clearly outnumbered. The video was filmed from the skies above Novotoshkivske, a village in Luhansk. The village is close to Sievierodonetsk, the largest city in the Donbas region, now under intense and constant attack from Russian troops. The Russian soldiers who are seen entering the Ukrainian trench and consequently killed the Ukrainian defendant are believed to be pro-Russia separatists. After the Russians shot dead one Ukraine soldier and forced the rest of the fighters to retreat, a single Ukrainian soldier can be seen staying in the trench and starting confronting the Russian troops in an attempt to make them retreat. While in the trench, the defendant fired his rifle from the corner and forcing the Russian to stay still and not continue with their advance. Superior in number, the separatists started throwing grenade after grenade down the trench path, forcing the Ukrainian soldier into a small offshoot of the trench from which there is no way to escape. One grenade is seen falling straight into the offshoot where the defender was trying to hide, but the brave soldier managed to move forward and not get hit. A second one, however, seemed to land right on his foot, and this time the soldier appeared to be unable to escape the explosion. READ MORE: Russia's army 'being mowed down' by Ukraine As the grenade reached the offshoot, a cloud of smoke and dust appeared coming out from the explosion. As soon as the smoke disappeared, the brave Ukrainian soldier is seen lying on the ground. Ukrainian troops are now engaged in intense fighting in the city of Sievierodonetsk in the Donbas region. The city is believed to be a central objective for Russia as, if seized, would allow Russian troops to gain territory in the Donbas region, an “unconditional priority” for Moscow. DON'T MISS: Boris eviscerated for failing Britons as Labour storm ahead [WATCH]Sophy Ridge shut down by Brandon Lewis over imperial measurements  [LISTEN]Nadine Dorries fires back at Andrew Neil in TikTok rap battle row [INSIGHT] Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky confirmed that Russian shelling and bombing have significantly escalated in Sievierodonetsk in the last few days. Mr Zelensky said: “As a result of the Russian strikes at Sievierodonetsk, the entire critical infrastructure has already been destroyed. “Capturing Sievierodonetsk is a fundamental task for the occupying contingent." The intensified fighting came as Zelensky visited Ukrainian troops on the front lines in the north-eastern Kharkiv region.