Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has spoken out ahead of his final match in the dugout. The German will become a consultant to the Red Devils at the end of the campaign, after his side's Premier League clash with Crystal Palace. And he's now elaborated on his reign and how he feels things have gone, as well as lifting the lid on talks with incoming Eric Ten Hag. Rangnick will make way for Ten Hag this summer, with the 52-year-old already in Britain after jetting out from the Netherlands. The 52-year-old recently held talks with the likes of Steve McClaren and Mitchell van der Gaag in Mayfair, with the duo both primed to be part of his coaching set-up for next season. And Rangnick, speaking at a press conference on Friday afternoon, has now confirmed he's finally spoken to Ten Hag ahead of the Dutchman's arrival. “We've been in contact via WhatsApp and hopefully we will have the opportunity to meet and speak in person, either at the weekend or Monday morning,” he said. “I’m looking forward to speaking to him and getting to know him in person.” Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings United still have one match to play this season. And there’s plenty riding on their showdown with Palace, who were beaten 3-2 by Everton in their Premier League clash on Thursday. Should United win or draw at Selhurst Park, then they’ll qualify for the Europa League. Arsenal are expected to join them in that tournament after their recent defeats to Newcastle and Tottenham. Yet, if they lose, they’ll suffer the humiliation of the UEFA Conference League. With United enduring a wretched season, there’s no guarantee what competition they’ll be gracing next term. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But Rangnick thinks United can end their season on a high, insisting he’s ‘positive’ about things. “We once again have quite a few players missing and a few with question marks, quite a few missing,” he said. “But I’m still positive we will have a strong starting XI and finish on a stronger note. “Positive players want to get things right. And positive they would much rather play Europa League than Conference League. "You saw with Frankfurt, finished bottom half of Bundesliga but are now in the Champions League." THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Rangnick also said that failing to establish ‘team spirit’ was his biggest disappointment, too. "We spoke about that quite at length in last press conferences. "I think that until we dropped out at Atletico, we have lost confidence, energy in the team. “Until then we had stabilised the team. Until then were were much more stable defensively. “Since Atletico we just didn't find our shape, form again. It has got to do with confidence, team spirit and togetherness. “This is my biggest disappointment that we didn't establish that team spirit." And, on the future of both the club and himself, he added: “I still strongly believe that there is a core of players who are top, good enough to play for this club. “Hopefully must be here next season. If we bring in the right players, mentality players, I am positive we will be able to bring this club back to the top. Maybe not possible in one window, but next two or three. "We spoke about that in detail, how I could be of help. “I think we showed at Hoffenheim, Salzburg and Leipzig that is is possible to identify, develop and sell. “This is what is most important for whom it is the next logical step in their career."