Princess Anne is known to wear Calèche by Hermès according to the Celebrity Fragrance Guide. Normally, this bottle is expected to sell for £113, however is now on sale for just £63.25. The description on the website says: “Launched by Hermes in 1961, Calèche prides itself as a time-honoured classic.  “A dazzling array of aromas, Calèche takes its name from the traditional horse-drawn carriages that still carry themselves as emblematic of the Hermes design house. “Calèche is a feminine, vibrant, light and magical fragrance. “A classic chypre floral scent that contains a blend of jasmine, rose, iris and oakmoss with lingering notes of sandalwood, cedarwood, vetiver, amber and musk.” Experts at Showers To You sourced a list of fragrances most worn by members of the English Royal Family. READ MORE: Zara Tindall launches new website - with no mention of Royal Family Perfumes were then inputted into Fragrantica to establish the most popular notes and scents fit for a royal. Princess Anne’s favourite perfume is more expensive than Meghan Markle’s. The Duchess of Sussex’s favourite perfume, Côte d’Azur by Oribe, sells for just £60. The most popular scent profile across all analysed royal fragrances is floral, which makes up 42 percent of the total number of examined fragrance notes. Of the floral notes, jasmine occurs most frequently, appearing in seven royals’ favourite fragrances. This is followed by iris, appearing in five. Earthy scents take second place amongst the royals, making up 28 percent of the total notes. From this scent profile, amber takes the lead with seven appearances.  Sandalwood and musk are joint seconds with six occurrences noted across the royal favourites. A firm third favourite of the royals is fresh scents, making up 17 percent of the analysed scent profile. The most popular aromas are lemon and bergamot, both making five appearances. Finally, the remaining 13 percent consists of edible scents with cassis, tonka bean, coriander and rosemary featuring twice amongst analysed fragrances.  Data revealed that Prince Charles has the most expensive cologne. Green Irish Tweed by Creed sells for a staggering £245 per bottle. In second place, at £130 per bottle, is the People’s Princess, Diana, whose scent of choice was Quelques Fleurs by Houbigant Paris and is still a popular one to this day. Following closely in third place is Kate Middleton, who is known to wear White Gardenia Petals by Illuminum, which sells for £125 per bottle. 