Credit card debt has risen by 10 percent from March 2021 as people sink into their credit allowances to cover the soaring cost of living crisis, according to the Bank of England's latest figures. Economists have warned that the UK public appears to be desperately trying to maintain their spending habits despite real disposable income suffering a significant fall.    Liam Halligan, an economist and business journalist, told GB News: “Also on credit card debt, Gloria, the Bank of England has released some numbers that won’t be noticed today because everyone is focusing on the interest rates situation. “But I'm going to highlight them. They show that credit card debt now in the UK in March was 10 percent up on March of last year. “That’s a big increase over just one year on the stock of credit card debt because clearly a lot of households are struggling to make ends meet. “And they’re starting to stick spending on their credit cards, which are at a standard variable rate, and that credit card borrowing is now going to become more expensive. “So I strongly urge you, if you have got credit card debt, do whatever you can, within reason, to pay off that debt.”    Borrowing on credit cards rose at the quickest pace for more than 15 years in the year up to March, the Bank of England showed today. As the cost of living affects millions of households, the data demonstrates that credit card borrowing has increased by 10.6 percent. The annual growth rate for total consumer credit borrowing also increased in March, up from 4.5 percent in February this year to 5.2 percent. There is grave concern among experts that excessive borrowing could leave people trying to outrun their increased costs of living unable to repay what they owe. READ MORE: From public school fees to food banks - horror debt story EVERY mar... [REVEAL]   Roughly a quarter of adults in the UK have used credit cards to pay for essentials such as food, water, rent, and energy in the last three months, according to research from the Money Advice Trust (MAT). Around 20 percent of adults are expected to have to do the same in the upcoming three months. Credit card debt could hit almost £69billion over the next half a year, according to Creditspring, which would equate to an 18 percent increase in total debt. The mass borrowing comes as shop prices are up by nearly three percent on last year, the highest rate of inflation in more than a decade. DON'T MISS: Get rich with credit cards: Expert explains how [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis shares ‘golden rules’ for handling credit [INSIGHT] ‘How I cleared half my debt in one day’ - an unconventional approach [REPORT]   Joanna Elson CBE, chief executive of the MAT, said: “Set against a backdrop of soaring energy costs and inflation at a thirty-year high, our concern is that more people are having to turn to credit to plug gaps in their budget. “The risk is that this could be storing up problems further down the line if repayments are unable to be met. “For households who are already in financial difficulty and whose incomes are unable to keep pace with rising costs, the situation is more urgent. “Further support is needed now, including significantly uprating benefits and targeted help for people struggling with rising energy bills.”   