Widowed mum Charlotte Cheshire, 44, took her son Adam to meet his carer for an afternoon of fun, and parked in Telford town centre. Adam, 11, needs 24-hour care, so the chance of a few minutes respite was much needed and meant Charlotte was able to have a few hours to herself. Adam's carer was stuck in stationary traffic and arrived late, meaning Charlotte overstayed in the parking area for nine minutes longer than the allotted 10 minute waiting time. Knowing time was short she opted to wait it out, rather than loading Adam back into the car with him thinking the planned afternoon's activity at the nearby Inflata Nation - an inflatable theme park - had been cancelled. Charlotte, from Newport, Shropshire, said she believed once they had parked up, she would be gone again within the 10 minute time period. She is currently paying for the care privately as the family awaits an assessment in their new area after moving house. READ MORE: 'Potentially fatal' hypermiling techniques are 'not worth it' She told the Mirror: “I had parked up thinking we'd be gone within the 10 minutes. "I had prepared Adam for 'now blue car, next carer, then play'. "If I had tried to put him back into the car as the timed waiting period ended, for a loop round the centre to another space, a violent meltdown would have ensued with certain injuries to me. "Respite gives me time to breathe, time to do the grocery shopping, just do day to day things I can't do with him. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of huge fines and fire hazards from water bottles [WARNING]Millions of drivers at risk of £1,000 fine for simple MOT mistake [SHOCKING]Drivers face automatic £100 fines for ignoring smart motorway signs [NEW LAWS] “Sometimes it is just a time to rest. "I love Adam to pieces but he is incredibly hard work, not just the physical things like changing nappies, it's the constant fight or flight mode, planning what's going to happen next.” She said respite gives her “strength to keep going”. Charlotte was sent a £100 fine from Smart Parking after her car was clocked on their ANPR cameras. Asked about the parking fine, mum Charlotte said all she is asking for is a bit of understanding for disabled people and their families. She added: "They are right, I stayed in the waiting area longer than I should have done but I'm looking for a bit of compassion. "I honestly thought my blue badge would mean we would get longer, we never left the vicinity of the car, we didn't go off for a sneaky shopping trip. "Unless you've lived with a disabled person, you just don't get it." Smart Parking eventually agreed to cancel the penalty charge notice. A spokesperson for the parking enforcement agency said: “In the case of Ms Cheshire she parked in a clearly marked pick up/drop off point for nearly 20 minutes, which is unfair to other motorists who needed to drop off and pick up, and this is why she correctly received a charge. "However as an act of compassion in this particular case we have decided to cancel her charge." Express.co.uk has contacted Smart Parking for a further comment.