The luxurious CostaTerra Golf and Ocean Club is the royal's new home, along with Jack and one-year-old son August. The couple will reportedly be splitting their time between the UK and the fashionable Lisbon coast. The move comes after Mr Brooksbank was hired out by American entrepreneur Mike Meldman. Eugenie, 32, and Jack, 36, have spent the last month settling into their new location after moving out of Frogmore Cottage, which they had sublet from the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Their departure has opened the way for Harry and Meghan to use the Windsor Estate property when they are in Britain. The Sussexes have extended their 12-month lease on Frogmore and will stay there during their visit for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. A source said: “Jack will spend some of the time in Portugal and some of the time here. Eugenie will want to be with him.” The couple, who have been married for four years and have a one-year-old son August, moved into Frogmore 20 months ago. It had only recently been converted into a single home for the Sussexes with the aid of £2.4 million from the Sovereign Grant. It is not clear how Eugenie, Prince Andrew’s younger daughter, will juggle her work as associate director of international art gallery Hauser & Wirth. The pair are expected to return to Britain this week for the Jubilee, but return soon afterwards to Portugal.  But Jack, a brand ambassador for tequila company Casamigos, has joined Mr Meldman’s exclusive Portuguese property venture in a similar role. Mr Meldman, who co-founded Casamigos with Hollywood A-lister Clooney, also set up Discovery Land Company, which develops resort settlements. His projects have taken off in glamour locations like New York, California and Hawaii, and clients have included Bill Gates, Michael Jordan and Reese Witherspoon. One of his current ventures is the exclusive CostaTerra Golf & Ocean Club, a 700-acre residential site in up-and-coming Comporta, south of Lisbon. Owners will pay about £3.5 million for each of the 300 homes, which boast access to a mile-long beach,18-hole golf course, tennis courts, restaurant and bar. Meldman and Clooney founded Casmigos with Cindy Crawford’s entrepreneur husband Randy Gerbe, based on the actor’s idea. READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' [REVEAL]  Jack was made its European commercial manager and remained with the brand company after its $1 billion sale to Diageo - owner of Guiness and Johnny Walker whisky five years ago. Clooney and his human rights lawyer wife Amal surprised celebrity watchers when they failed to attend Jack and Eugenie’s wedding at St George's Chapel, Windsor, in October 2018. By returning to Windsor, Harry, 37, and Meghan 40, have signalled that they are not “going to disappear” from Britain. An insider said: “They could easily give up Frogmore as their life's now in California. "By agreeing to extend the lease, and with Jack and Eugenie focusing on Portugal, they have a firm presence smack bang in the middle of the Windsor court. "The coming year could be one of the most tumultuous in royal history and the Sussexes are making sure they have a foothold in Windsor." 