George Russell jokingly took aim at TV producers for overlooking his near-miss with Lando Norris as he left the pit lane during the Monaco Grand Prix in wet conditions on Sunday. The Mercedes driver managed to keep up his impressive record of finishing in the top five at every race in 2022 on the streets of Monte-Carlo but came close to making contact with Norris in an incident that was not shown as part of the live broadcast. Russell was surprised to learn in his post-race interview with Sky Sports F1 that his close call with Norris was missed by the TV producers as he jokingly hit out at the powers that be for overlooking the incident. "It was a bit close with Lando on pit exit," he said. "I don't know if you guys saw it, did you see it?" Upon learning that the incident was not shown live, Russell said: "Wow, you missed it! He came in front of me on the pit exit, I was behind, he went to the left and I went on the wet stuff. "It felt pretty dicey from within the car but it was obviously not good enough for the TV producer, so next time!" JUST IN: Leclerc blows up on team radio as Verstappen gets jump on Ferrari star Russell's commendable fifth-placed finish came at the end of a hugely eventful race in Monaco, which was ultimately capped at the FIA's two-hour time limit due to a series of lengthy delays. A huge pre-race downpour saw the start postponed before the red flags were brought out on the formation lap due to the poor conditions, prompting an hour-long pause before the action finally got underway behind the safety car. The race was then red-flagged once again on lap 30 when Mick Schumacher lost control before slamming into the barriers at high speed, with the impact splitting his Haas car in two. The German driver managed to walk away unscathed but the incident sparked another long hold-up as the wreckage was cleared from the edge of the circuit. "It was tough, it was frustrating in the car from the beginning when we kept having the delays," added Russell. "Fair play to the FIA, they saw the weather coming in. It truly was undrivable conditions when we attempted it on the first occasion. "Then the second red flag, one dry line, the track drying up. It's never easy, especially on a track like this, but we made it. More to come next time, I think." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE