Camilla Parker Bowles is known for her big grin during royal engagements, and she is seldom spotted without it. But body language expert Judi James has a theory as to why the Duchess of Cornwall never shows frustration or annoyance, displaying a "smile all the while". Judi exclusively told Express.co.uk: "Camilla is in a unique position in the royal firm as the one member who really cannot allow any negative inner feelings show in public. "Her history is a controversial one and she has struggled to gain public and royal acceptance, mainly via keeping her head down and turning body language signals and rituals of submissive compliance and glowing kindness into an art form." At one point, Camilla was painted as the most hated woman in Britain, blamed for the collapse of Prince Charles and Princess Diana's marriage. Decades later, she has altered public perception hugely and has even been endorsed by Her Majesty as future Queen Consort. READ MORE: The Queen 'dotes openly' on her 'favourite child' showing 'indulgence' This change in public opinion is partially down the way Camilla has presented herself, Judi suggested. "It would be unthinkable for the woman who emerged the ultimate victor of Diana’s ‘Three of us in this marriage’ tragedy and who now also stands to wear a crown at some stage in the future to be seen looking unhappy, grumpy or discontented with her lot. "Her position within the Royal Family appears to have been achieved by agreeableness and compliance over a long period of time, as well as the stubborn endorsement of her husband Charles." Previously labelled a "villain", Judi argued that "throwing wobblies or looking angry wouldn’t work for her". A carefully curated smile and demeanour is the only way to go suggested the body language expert. Therefore, it is before her marriage to Charles that suggests glimpses of a "less than happy" Camilla. "The infamous scenes when Camilla accompanied a very young Diana to the Ludlow Racecourse in 1980 showed enough moments of Camilla apparently smiling smugly to imply she was unembarrassed to be taking a nurturing and protective role with the bride-to-be," Judi said. "However, between the grins and as Diana walked beside her with her head down, looking vulnerable, there were some moments when Camilla’s expression suggested a hint of a sense of inner indignity at the role that Charles appeared to have placed both women in." Another instance where Camilla looked less than delighted was on an outing with Charles and her first husband, Andrew Parker Bowles. Judi examined: "While Charles’ pose looks splayed, confident and happy Camilla’s sucked-in lips suggest more negative emotions." There has been a dramatic shift in Camilla's body language since marrying the future King, according to the expert. Indeed, her "smile all the while mantra" did not seem to apply when Camilla was with Andrew. "We can see more telling glimpses of facial expressions that might suggest firmness or determination, or look rather dourer." After Diana’s death, there was another shift in Camilla's body language. "When the entire country seemed to be in mourning Camilla’s body language acquired a much more openly fearful and hunted look as she went to great lengths to dodge away from the cameras." The tragic passing of the People's Princess halted progress for Camilla in terms of changing public perception of her.