Brian Cox, who portrays tyrant media mogul Logan Roy in the hit Sky drama Succession, was invited on to the latest instalment of Piers Morgan's TalkTV programme. Piers revealed he admired the 75-year-old actor for not being afraid to speak his mind and probed the Scotsman about society's cancel culture mentality. Brian frankly told viewers he found the "whole thing completely hypocritical". Piers began: "The great thing about you is that you have reached an age, you are in your seventies, and you don't care anymore about saying what you think about things. "You have talked about how when you were younger you would [think about] your words, but now you don't care. "We are in a very odd place in society with this cancel culture mentality, where people are walking on eggshells, terrified of expressing opinions because they are getting fired, and getting shamed and abused, and so on. "What do you make of where society is going and what do we do about it?" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Andrea Tate returns as she's Gabby's stalker The actor candidly replied: "Well it's a kind of modern-day McCarthyism really, it's kind of rain on people's sensibilities in order to kind of reduce them. "There is kind of so much hypocrisy involved in the whole thing and I find the whole thing completely hypocritical." He continued: "There seems to be a lot of casting of stones and it is like a virus." Piers interjected to say billionaire Twitter boss Elon Musk also refers to cancel culture as a "woke virus".  Piers added: "It feels to me like people doing it claim to be liberal but there is nothing liberal about it." Brian agreed with the controversial broadcaster who has made his opinions on cancel culture clear on numerous occasions. "It is total fascism, you are absolutely right," Brian told Piers. "It is total fascism, it's hypocrisy again." "People should just stop it and behave themselves," the Succession star added. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan hits back at 'wokies' amid reports of plummeting ratings [LATEST] Piers Morgan blasted over 'failed ' interview with Trump  [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan takes brutal swipe at Nigel Farage over migrant crisis [VIDEO]  Brian went on to tell TalkTV viewers he found cancel culture "appaling". He later explained how stunned he was when Harry Potter author JK Rowling was exposed to death threats following her remarks surrounding transgender issues and the definition of women. Piers branded the treatment of the author a "disgrace" amid the backlash she is facing for airing her views on sex and gender. "I couldn't understand that whole thing at all," Brian added.  "This was something I was not permitted to tread on but at the same time there was kind of something deeply unjust about it and I just felt that. "It's happened time and time again, it's not only the people who are cancelled it is also their family, their parents, their children. "It has such ramifications and creates such an earthquake situation." Piers Morgan: Uncensored continues weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV. 