Roo Irvine is one of the experts on BBC favourite Bargain Hunt, where she shares her knowledge and pearls of wisdom regarding all things antiques-related with her team. Talking about where her passion came from, Roo explained she was "addicted" to cutlery and she has a large collection she has only recently started to make use of.  When asked what first drew her to auctions, Roo explained how her curiosity took hold of her. "We kind of went out of curiosity, we'd never been to an auction before together or individually and I think we'd seen it advertised, I honestly can't even remember how," she stated. "It was an evening auction, so it became an evening thing. "Get dressed up, sit in this cold auction house - overdressed as always for the scenario." READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? She continued: "And we kind of went out of curiosity and we ended up buying a few things. "I became addicted to cutlery, I must have had about 400 pieces of knives and forks that really, I haven't used." Speaking on the podcast Things I Forgot Were Good For Me, she went on: "I mean I've got the Royal Albert tea set, Country Rose. "I said, 'I'm going to do afternoon tea for my friends and put it all out, this beautiful tea set' and now sadly, I tend to overcook. "I make too much so I want dishes that I can bung in the dishwasher, and out come the bog-standard dishes, and the beautiful Country Rose tea set sits there. "So I promised when I did a clear out a few months ago that 'I'm going to use this china' and I have. "I've made beautiful little drinks in tiny art deco teacups and you can really get all Alice in Wonderland about it, as well. "I think if you have quite a vivid, creative imagination, you can make anything functional and still use it again. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Zack Hudson arrested over Jada lies [THEORY]Nick Knowles walks off crying during 'phenomenal' DIY SOS project [VIDEO]Jay Blades issues warning over The Repair Shop's success [LATEST] "It's an absolute shame to destroy things or to let things sit in a drawer and a shelf and not use them." She reflected: "The Victorians were very good at it, and the Georgians. "They had a utensil for everything, for grapefruit, for olives, for snails - there was nothing they didn't invent for whatever you might need to do or eat. "Which is why there's such an abundance of things that people don't use nowadays. "We just get the same spoon and use it for everything. "And I think the joy sometimes is the decadence and the theatre, and that we can do through our antiques again. "We can occasionally make life theatrical for that one evening because you're giving people memories of what a great night they had." Bargain Hunt airs weekdays from 12:15pm on BBC One, while Roo's podcast episode can be listened to on Spotify.