Since their royal exit in 2020, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have undertaken ventures that are very much away from the life they previously encountered as members of the British Royal Family, such as their televised interviews and Netflix projects. However, it has been reported that the Sussexes are secretly furious as they "can't see a difference" in their ventures and that of the others members of the Royal Family, such as Prince Charles and Camilla's reported upcoming appearance on Eastenders. Speaking on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean claimed: "According to a very good source in Montecito, and as ever we say allegedly, basically Meghan and Harry can't understand the difference between what they did with Ellen, particularly, you know, when Prince Harry was making fun in the orange outfit, trying to promote the Invictus Games. "What's the difference, they are just showing a fun side, trying to market themselves, and of course get their projects off the ground". Mr Sean added: "They are non-royals so what difference does it make. "How is different for the future King and Queen Consort [Prince Charles and Camilla] of England, Scotland, Ireland, and of course, Wales to be doing this sort of thing. READ MORE: 'Must be terrifying for Meghan' Duchess on tenterhooks over upcoming book, expert claims He continued: "There is a vast difference when they think about it. "They're [Charles and Camilla] not doing it for money, they're doing it basically to raise profile and to show a fun side. "It's nothing about business, it's about a reality, soaps [are] meant to show partly a reality". He added: "A lot of the [Eastenders] stars were thrilled, of course, the show will get a lot of ratings based on this and most importantly, of course, there's no fee at the end of it". READ MORE: Prince Andrew urged to bow out Royal Garter appearance for Queen 'Optics are not good!' Mr Sean pointed out: "Meghan and Harry's team, as ever, are very quick, as we ever we have to say allegedly, to downplay fun things that the British monarchy are doing. He went on to mention Prince William and Kate's latest outing to the Top Gun premiere. Mr Sean concluded: "A close, very close, a source tells me that they're [Meghan and Harry] very kind of mismade [at the] way that whatever they do is seen as negative, bad and basically trashy, whilst something similar, you know it could be Charles and Camilla, it's lauded, it's applauded and that's the baffling bit. "Particularly, that Prince Harry doesn't seemingly doesn't understand". DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry announced in January 2020 that they were to step down. Although tensions within the Royal Family have evolved over the past two years, the couple are set to return to UK soil next month for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. They will be visiting along with their two young children, three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, who turns one next month. Eastenders is set for a royal visit from Prince Charles and Camilla as character Mick Carter, played by Danny Dyer, will throw celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. In an upcoming episode of the BBC soap, the royal couple will star as themselves in the celebratory programme. They will join residents as they mark Her Majesty the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Back in March, the couple visited the Eastenders set and met the cast and crew.