The Migraine Trust says magnesium plays an important role in a range of biological processes in the body. The health body states: “The evidence available suggests it may be effective as a preventive treatment for migraine. Some people do experience side effects including an upset stomach or diarrhoea.” The Migraine Trust says if you are going to start a supplement for migraine speak to your GP to make sure there are no reasons it may be unsafe for you, for example interacting with other medications. It adds: “For most people, most supplements are unlikely to cause any harm. If you notice a change in your symptoms or other potential side effects speak to your GP.” The NHS says: “There are a number of ways you can reduce your chances of experiencing migraines.” The health body adds: “One of the best ways of preventing migraines is recognising the things that trigger an attack and trying to avoid them.” READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: 'Warning signs' of a damaged liver from alcohol overconsumption  It also notes medicines are also available to help prevent migraines. These medicines are usually used if you have tried avoiding possible triggers but you're still experiencing migraines. “You may also be prescribed these medicines if you experience very severe migraine attacks, or if your attacks happen frequently.” Having 400mg or less a day of magnesium from supplements is unlikely to cause any harm, according to the NHS. It adds the amount of magnesium you need is:  Nonetheless, the Department of Health and Social Care advises you should be able to get all the magnesium you need by eating a varied and balanced diet. “If you take magnesium supplements, do not take too much as this could be harmful,” it says.According to the NHS, taking high doses of magnesium for a short time can cause diarrhoea. “There's not enough evidence to say what the effects might be of taking high doses of magnesium for a long time,” it adds. The Mayo Clinic explains: “A migraine is a headache that can cause severe throbbing pain or a pulsing sensation, usually on one side of the head. “It's often accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and extreme sensitivity to light and sound. Migraine attacks can last for hours to days, and the pain can be so severe that it interferes with your daily activities. “For some people, a warning symptom known as an aura occurs before or with the headache. “An aura can include visual disturbances, such as flashes of light or blind spots, or other disturbances, such as tingling on one side of the face or in an arm or leg and difficulty speaking.” It adds: “Migraines are often undiagnosed and untreated. If you regularly have signs and symptoms of migraine, keep a record of your attacks and how you treated them. “Then make an appointment with your doctor to discuss your headaches. Even if you have a history of headaches, see your doctor if the pattern changes or your headaches suddenly feel different.” The NHS notes: “Simple painkillers, such as paracetamol or ibuprofen, can be effective for migraine.“Try not to use the maximum dosage of painkillers on a regular or frequent basis as this could make it harder to treat headaches over time.”