The Queen hosts a series of garden parties every year at Buckingham Palace, but this year, she has delegated the engagements to other members of the Royal Family. Today, May 18, a team of royals will be representing the monarch, including the Duchess of Cambridge and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex. Kate has joined other members of the Royal Family to host this afternoon’s royal garden party, attended by a swathe of guests dressed to the nines. For the occasion, the Duchess opted for a pink dress by royal favourite Emilia Wickstead. She paired the bright pink dress with a lighter pink hat by Jane Taylor. Kate walked down the Buckingham Palace steps with the Earl and Countess of Wessex to join the party, and Princess Alexandra was in attendance too. READ MORE: Queen's cousin Lady Gabriella Windsor releases TWO songs The Duchess’ dress was a flattering, midi number with long sleeves and a collared neckline. It had a tight bodice and was cinched around the waist. The pleated skirt billowed slightly and reached Kate’s knees. Designed by British designer Emilia Wickstead, the Duchess is clearly a fan of this style of dress as she has the exact same garment but in a different colour.  Kate wore a blue version of the Emilia Wickstead dress earlier this year in April, for the Royal Family’s annual Easter Sunday service at St. George’s Chapel. Today, Kate paired the dress with a Jane Taylor hat in a slightly paler pink. The hat was beret-style and made from a straw-like material. It also featured two-toned ruffles: in a dark and light pink. Kate completed her outfit with pale pink stiletto heels and an envelope clutch bag in white, embroidered with a green, pink, and blue detailing. Her make-up matched her outfit as she wore a subtle pink lip and a touch of light brown eyeshadow. Her long locks were pulled in a bun at the nape of her neck, underneath her hat. As for jewellery, Kate donned delicate cube-shaped quartz earrings, rarely worn by her in public. Royal fans were quick to comment on Kate’s outfit at the garden party this afternoon. Twitter user @Pooja33719735 said: “Love the Duchess of Cambridge’s outfit, she is the picture of elegance!” User @DarkSIdeoftMoon wrote: “Gorgeous!” User @JenCarsonTaylor added: “Everyone looks so handsome. Lovely turn out.”