A squad of Russian soldiers has been captured on camera raiding a car dealership outside Kyiv before shooting two defenceless Ukrainian security guards in cold blood. The video, replayed on BBC News, was recorded in the early stages of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The footage shows three Russian soldiers speaking with the two employees before appearing to ask them to share cigarettes. The two Ukrainian men are then seen making their way down the road after speaking with the Russian troops. Suddenly two members of the Russian squad turn back around the corner, aim their rifles and shoot the two guards in the back. After a few minutes, one of the men managed to get to his feet badly injured and bleeding heavily. The man was later identified as 68-year-old grandfather Leonid Plyats who is reported to have later died from blood loss before the Ukrainian military could come to his aid.  The video later shows the Russian soldiers inside the office of the car dealership celebrating with alcohol and looting any valuables they can get their hands on. An attempted rescue mission to save Plyats was undertaken by members of the Ukrainian Territorial Defense Forces but was delayed due to heavy fire by the Russians. Plyats's daughter Yuliya has spoken out to condemn the murder of her father at the hands of Russian troops. She said: "I can’t watch it now. I will save it to the cloud and leave it for my children and grandchildren.   "They should know about this crime and always know who our neighbours are." The UN Human Rights Council is due to decide on Thursday whether to launch an investigation into alleged abuses by Russian troops in the Kyiv area that Ukraine says amount to war crimes. The resolution, brought by Ukraine and supported by more than 50 other countries, would mandate a newly-formed Commission of Inquiry to investigate events in the regions around Kyiv that were temporarily held by Russian troops. It would prepare a report by early next year. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Boris 'very seriously' considering nuclear weapons [LIVE] Ukrainian wives of Azovstal troops plead with Pope Francis [REVEAL] UN lays out ‘very harsh and rapid’ Western response to Putin [INSIGHT] "The areas*which have been under Russian occupation in late February and March have experienced the most gruesome human rights violations on the European continent in decades," Emine Dzhaparova, Ukraine's First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, told the council. A spokesman for the Russian mission to the United Nations in Geneva did not provide an immediate comment on the possibility of a war crimes investigation. Russia denies targeting civilians and calls its actions in Ukraine since Feb. 24 a "special military operation" to disarm the country and rid it of what the Kremlin calls anti-Russian nationalism fomented by the West. Ukraine and the West say Russia launched an unprovoked war of aggression. Russia was suspended from the 47-member Council last month over allegations of violations in Ukraine, although Moscow says it quit. According to U.N. rules, its envoy has the right to speak at Thursday's event but its seat was empty.