Meghan Markle has been called out by her half-sister, Samantha Markle over the Duchess's treatment of their father, Thomas. Samantha Markle believes Meghan Markle and Prince Harry "shouldn’t have disowned" Thomas who is reported to have recently suffered a stroke that has impacted his speech. Samantha argued on Good Morning Britain that despite the Sussexes distancing themselves from Meghan's father over privacy, the couple have taken on numerous photo-ops themselves Ms Markle told Good Morning Britain: "The idea that it would be justified to disown one's father because he was photographed or that he was opportunistic is crazy on the grounds that the people who are saying that particularly my sister and Harry, have been quite public and photographed, everywhere. "Whether it's Texas or on, you know, the grave of fallen war heroes. "So, I don't want to get into what is considered opportunistic photography. "But my father pales by comparison, what he was doing was admirable, and he never should have been, he never should have been disowned and treated that way." JUST IN: Meghan blasted for 'degrading' public' gesture  Samantha, who claimed to have last spoken to Meghan in 2016, said "the door is wide open" for the Duchess to privately re-connect with their father, Thomas. She told ITV's Good Morning Britain: "He loves all of us and he's been bashed in the media for always speaking out to extend an olive branch to reach out to her [Meghan]. "He is her father so he has a right to reach out to her. He has been very honest and open in those feelings and the door is wide open. "She's always had his phone number, it hasn't changed, and his address, so any suggestion that she doesn't know how to get hold of him and that she wanted to be private is somewhat ridiculous on the grounds that if you want to reach out to your father privately you know how to do it.   "And you don't use PR and media outlets all over the world to make that announcement - that's not private." She added that their father is "rebounding remarkably well" after suffering a stroke recently and losing the ability to speak. It comes as Britain will mark Queen Elizabeth's record-breaking 70 years on the throne this week with four days of celebrations, ranging from military parades and a church service to street parties and a pop concert outside Buckingham Palace. Elizabeth, 96, marked seven decades on the throne in February, and two public holidays have been set aside to create a four-day weekend for nationwide events commemorating her reign from June 2-5. DON'T MISS: Kate, William, Sophie and Edward step in for Queen in appearance TODAY [REVEAL] Plan to 'sing Sweet Caroline at street parties' faces fan backlash [INSIGHT] Prince William thought Meghan's visions were 'too political' [SPOTLIGHT] It is not clear how many of these the monarch herself will attend, having been forced to miss a number of official engagements in recent months because of what Buckingham Palace calls "episodic mobility issues". Royal officials say her attendance will be decided on the day. Paying tribute to "Elizabeth the Great" in parliament last week, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said her service and dedication to duty was without parallel. "I hope that in the coming days we can ... show with every bonfire, with every concert and street party and aerobatic display, a love and a devotion to reciprocate the love and devotion and leadership she has shown to the whole country over seven decades," he said. The four days of events begin on Thursday with the traditional "Trooping the Colour" military parade in central London, which will be followed by a flypast of modern and historic aircraft.