Piers Morgan invited transwoman and activist Jame, who was wearing a mask and wig to protect her identity, about trans activists blocking women's rights activists from speaking in front of a statue of  Emmeline Pankhurst. Their debate soon turned heated and Piers was left mortified when Jame branded him a c-bomb amid other expletives during his 8pm slot on TalkTV. The conversation started on a polite note, with Jame telling Piers it was good to hear his voice.However, the conversation soon got out of hand when Jame swore multiple times at the former Good Morning Britain presenter and told him to "shut up".Piers warned Jame if she kept swearing he would have to cut her off, but she just laughed before pulling off her microphone and calling him a c-word in a shocking outburst. READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison Before leaving the interview, Piers told her: "I have always supported trans rights and equality." However, Jame interjected, saying: "That is bull***t bro." When she dropped the f-bomb just moments after Piers had to apologise to viewers for the explicit language. "This is a chance for you to present yourself and have a proper debate," Piers fumed.  "If you have got no interest in doing that, that is fine, but I am going to say to you I have always supported trans rights to fairness and equality." As Piers was explaining his thoughts on trans rights, Jame kept telling him to "shut up". Piers said he was trying to give Jame a chance, but she then took the broadcaster by surprise by telling him she was going to leave the interview. As she was pulling her microphone off, she said: "I kind of only came on here because I thought it would be kind of funny." DON'T MISS...Matt Lucas and Piers Morgan praise Jake Daniels as he comes out [LATEST]Denise Welch taunts Piers Morgan with pic of her and Meghan Markle [UPDATE]Dennis Waterman told Piers Morgan 'not hard to hit a woman' [INSIGHT] "But I want to say I think you're a c***," she added before she was cut off. Piers issued another apology to viewers who were listening to the debate at home. He added: "Unfortunately, [she was] a complete idiot which is what we saw from the video. "We hoped to have a pleasant conversation. They just engaged in abusive language, that's fine."  The debate comes in the wake of JK Rowling mocking trans activists who wore balaclavas to block women from speaking about women's rights in front of a statue of Emmeline Pankhurst. The Harry Potter author was reacting to a video which showed members of Manchester Trans Rise Up in masks surrounding the statue of the suffragette. Campaign group Standing For Women has planned to speak in front of the statue as part of an event which aimed to reclaim part of the city for women's voices. Piers Morgan: Uncensored continues weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV. 