 Sir David Jason was among familiar faces in the star-studded line-up for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations at the Royal Windsor Horse Show last night. The comedian joined the likes of Dame Helen Mirren, Dame Kelly Holmes and Sir Mo Farah for a theatrical performance marking the Queen’s monumental milestone. Viewers were whisked through royal history by a cast of 1,300 performers and 500 horses. The annual horse show is one of the Queen’s favourite events of the year, and she watched the final performance of ‘a gallop through history’ on Sunday. Her Majesty has made a surprise appearance at the show, arriving in her Range Rover to watch her fell pony, Balmoral Leia, compete. While David Jason has not performed in front of the Queen, he has met the monarch. The actor was knighted by Her Majesty for services to acting and comedy in 2005. However, speaking to Gold’s James Bassam last year, he said he was proud to be honoured with the accolade, but explained why it was something of a “disappointment”. He said: "It was a very, very special and unbelievable day because not many people get that close to the Royal Family, and the Queen, particularly. "She’s the sort of person that you see all the time on television and in newspapers and all of this, and then to actually see Her Majesty, it’s really quite exciting and moving.” He added: "The only slight disappointment that I felt about the whole thing because the expectancy is so high when you’ve read about things like the knights of the round table, Sir Galahad, King Arthur and his knights, that you often read about someone being knighted and you expect that when she places the sword upon your shoulders she says, 'You go on your knees as David Jason and you arise as Sir David Jason.' "And the sword is placed on either of your shoulders, 'Arise, Sir David Jason.' And that is the moment of extreme pleasure and the biggest and best thing that has ever happened to you in your entire life. "But unfortunately, I was expecting this and I’m there on one knee, pausing as the Queen takes her sword up and goes ‘dum dum’. 'Right, there you are.' “And I was, 'Where’s the bit about ‘Arise Sir David’ and all that?', and that didn’t come, so I was disappointed!" Despite his expectations of knighthood not being met, David has remained a supporter of the Queen and the Royal Family. DON'T MISS:Sophie Wessex turns heads in £450 Victoria Beckham trousers in school [PICTURES]Sophie and Edward heaped with praise during tour of Channel Islands [INSIGHT]Queen interrupted while singing by Prince Edward's ex-girlfriend [ANALYSIS] In March, he joined the Queen’s Green Canopy initiative which aims to increase and protect the native tree cover, and provides a sustainable way to celebrate the monarch. People are encouraged to create this “special gift” for the Queen to mark her 70 years on the throne and David, who lives in Wendover, Buckinghamshire, planted a cherry tree in Aylesbury. He told The Bucks Herald at the time: “As a long-term local resident, it was a pleasure to be invited to plant a tree in Bucks to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee this year. I hope that ‘my’ cherry tree will flourish and be enjoyed by future generations.” "All over the country tree planting is being championed and the best thing about this initiative is that everybody can take part, it is that inclusivity that has such great strength. "By planting a tree and creating a lasting legacy we will be able to remember for generations the Queen’s extraordinary reign.” While the Royal Windsor Horse Show Platinum Jubilee celebrations have kicked off this week, the nationwide festivities will take place next month. A four-day weekend at the beginning of June will mark the official Jubilee celebrations. Starting with the Queen’s annual birthday parade — Trooping the Colour — and the iconic balcony scene, events will include a Service of Thanksgiving for the monarch and her reign, the Royal Derby at Epsom Downs and Platinum Party at the Palace, a concert held at Buckingham Palace. Whether the Queen will attend each event will be confirmed on the day in question; it is expected that her appearances will be limited to the Palace balcony during Trooping the Colour and the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral.