The impact of a nuclear war between the US and Russia has been mapped as part of a horrifying simulation produced by Princeton University. Titled ‘Plan A’, the simulation has been developed by the University’s program on Science & Global Security, dedicated to “Reducing nuclear weapon dangers through arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament.” Using data from NUKEMAP, researchers at the University have been able to map a “plausible escalating war”. Academics who produced the simulation said: “It is estimated that there would be more than 90 million people dead and injured within the first few hours of the conflict.”    The simulation is intended to demonstrate “how a conflict between Russia and the United States could escalate from conventional war to an all-out nuclear war.” The Science and Global Security department said: “This project is motivated by the need to highlight the potentially catastrophic consequences of current US and Russian nuclear war plans.” “The risk of nuclear war has increased dramatically in the past two years as the United States and Russia have abandoned long-standing nuclear arms control treaties, started to develop new kinds of nuclear weapons and expanded the circumstances in which they might use nuclear weapons.” The simulation has been developed using extensive nuclear arms research, “based on real force postures, targets and fatality estimates.”    The simulation begins with Russian forces launching a “nuclear warning show” from a military base close to the city of Kaliningrad. From this point, the hypothesised war escalates into a nuclear conflict as Russia begins to target key NATO bases. In the first three hours of the nuclear conflict, the researchers from Princeton University estimated the toll of casualties would reach 2.6 million. As a result of the Russian attack, Europe is effectively “destroyed” by nuclear weapons almost immediately. Read more: Putin destroyed over 'humiliation' of Russia's military machine    In response, the academics predict NATO would retaliate with the use of US nuclear weapons to launch strategic strikes at Russian weapons systems. This action is followed by tactical strikes on densely populated cities in both regions, dramatically increasing the predicted number of casualties. The simulation described this stage of the war as “The Countervalue Plan”. “With the aim of inhibiting the other side’s recovery, Russia and NATO each target the other’s 30 most populated cities and economic centres, using five to ten warheads on each city depending on population size.” Don't miss:The NATO weapon that Putin ‘really fears’ [REVEAL]Finland issues direct warning to Putin amid nuclear conflict threat [REPORT]Nikolai Patrushev will ‘not exclude nuclear strike against aggressor’ [INSIGHT] It is the ‘Countervalue Plan’ which dramatically increases the predicted casualties of nuclear attacks as densely packed areas full of civilians become the core targets of both sides. At this point in the simulation, there are 85.3 million casualties globally. As the simulation concludes, the researchers summarise the nuclear attacks would result in 34.1 million immediate deaths in addition to 57.4 million injuries. They add: “Deaths from nuclear fallout and other long-term effects would significantly increase this estimate.”   