The 45-year-old actress, who shot to fame initially in the band Hear’Say first joined Coronation Street in 2006. Since then, she has appeared in numerous reality shows, is a regular host of the BBC’s Morning Live, and from 2022 is set to star in the revival of Waterloo Road. But away from acting, Marsh appeared on a 2021 episode of Morning Live giving an update on her recovery from hernia surgery. Hitting some “complications” following the surgery, the actress was under strict instructions to stay in bed, something which she said was “horrendous”.  “What I had originally was diagnosed as inguinal hernia which they said can be caused by sport and obviously I train quite a lot,” Marsh explained to co-host Gethin Jones. “And then when they went in and had a look they found what they call a femoral hernia, which is slightly less common. “It is more common in women apparently, women that have had children.” The NHS explains that hernias occur when an internal part of the body pushes through a weakness in the muscle or surrounding tissue wall. When this occurs, individuals may notice a swelling or lump in the tummy or groin.  READ MORE: High cholesterol: New treatment available to high-risk patients who take statins  A hiatus hernia is slightly different to the above, as it occurs when part of the stomach pushes up into your chest by squeezing through an opening in the diaphragm, the thin sheet of muscle that separates the chest from the tummy. Although it is not entirely clear why these types of hernia develop, it may be as a result of the diaphragm becoming weak with age. “I ended up having to stay overnight because I hit a few complications but I am ok, I am doing alright. I am a bit sore,” Marsh continued to say about her ordeal. “It is really painful and weirdly, because I had it done [by] keyhole [surgery], the pain I am getting, more than anything, is from where they have gone in with the instrument rather than the actual groin area.” Having had the surgery in January 2021, by March, the actress was still in considerable pain. Having had a “few infections” the star’s recovery process turned out to be longer than expected.  Writing in her column she explained: “Since my recent hernia operation, I'm back at work on Morning Live. But it's been a slow recovery. “The operation itself was a success, but I've suffered a few infections since and it's set me back. I'm hoping to speak to a physio who specialises in post-hernia operations as I really want to get back to exercising again." She added: "I feel like my body has changed. I can only control so much with my diet and I'm losing my muscle definition. "It's really difficult having to sit and do nothing, it's horrendous. One of the problems of having a hernia is it's really restrictive and stops you doing exercise you want to do.  “I exercise for my mental health as well as my physical health, so I'm hoping I can get some routine back in my life soon." Once diagnosed with a hernia, medical professionals will look at a number of factors to decide whether surgery is appropriate or not. In some cases, the risks of surgery outweigh the potential benefits. If surgery is recommended, there are two main ways in which surgery can be carried out: Individuals should always visit their nearest A&E straight away if they develop any of the following symptoms: 