Founder of Move iQ and TV property expert, Phil Spencer, spoke to Richard Donnell, research director at Zoopla about the current state of the UK housing market in a new video for Move iQ. The pair discussed their predictions for the rest of 2022 and the biggest challenges in the market right now. The housing market got off to a strong start at the beginning of 2022 with the pandemic continuing to stimulate people’s interest in moving house. Mr Donnell said there is a “strong link” between people who are thinking about working from home more and then having a desire to move house. This has led to strong levels of demand for homes despite the rising cost of living and the challenges consumers are facing as a direct result of the war in Ukraine. Buyers are having to chase after fewer homes, which Phil said he is noticing while filming property shows across the country. He said: “There’s nothing to buy and those that come on the market disappear virtually the same day. READ MORE: ‘They won’t come back’: How to remove dandelions from lawns “So it feels to me like there’s a kind of stalemate. “The agents are saying that they’re getting valuations. “But they’re also saying to the people that they’re valuing their houses, ‘we will have it sold by tomorrow’. “Then those people are going, ‘I can’t see anything that I would wish to move into'.  DON'T MISSAlan Titchmarsh shares incredible ‘story’ behind greenhouse flowers [INSIGHT]London towns ranked worst and best places to live in 2022 [UPDATE]Royal residences ranked: The one house more popular than Windsor [ANALYSIS] “So they’re choosing not to put their house on the market whereas actually there’s probably quite a lot of appetite to move. “It’s a frustrating situation.” Mr Donnell said there is a “stalemate” but that there are more homes coming onto the market. He said the flow of homes coming onto the market is at a “normal level” but that there are “abnormal levels” of interest to buy homes. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “The amount of people expressing an interest in buying property is the same as it was when Rishi Sunak announced the stamp duty holiday extension in 2021. “It's the same as when we first came out of the lockdown. “The pandemic feels like it might be behind us but it's still driving this desire to move.” Working from home and people re-evaluating where they live compared to where they work is largely driving people’s desire to buy.  The Zoopla expert said the “positive news” is that people are looking “further afield” for homes than they would have done before the pandemic. Many people are also selling their homes and then renting in order to buy a home either with cash or without the pressure of rushing to find somewhere to buy. The rental market has an even worse shortage of supply because of the number of people selling and then renting. Mr Donnell said the market is currently “strong” and that will probably improve “slowly”. He added: “But I don’t think there’s any sign of let up in the short term.”