 First Hydrogen will be testing two of its fuel cell-powered light commercial vehicles (LCV) in operational trials. The vehicles will have a range of over 500 kilometres (310 miles) and will take just five minutes to refuel.  It is anticipated that the trials will garner significant interest from fleet operators who look to make the switch to more environmentally friendly vehicles. Steve Gill, CEO of First Hydrogen Automotive, commented on the planned trials, explaining how the vehicle could be used in the future. He said: “We chose to start by developing road-legal demonstrators using a donor platform that will enable customers to see, feel and experience the benefits and operation of a hydrogen propulsion system in a familiar set-up. “It also helps them to compare it directly to a battery electric vehicle (BEV). This design and build process allows us to bring our product to customers in a much shorter timeframe. READ MORE: Andy Burnham scraps daily charging for petrol and diesel vehicles  “The base vehicle is derived from a MAN eTGE electric van, which is part of the Volkswagen Group. “The Ballard FCgen-LCS hydrogen powered fuel cell and hydrogen tanks have been integrated without impacting the customer features of the van, such as interior space or load height. “The resulting vehicles will have over 500 km of range capability, based on the Worldwide Harmonised Light Vehicle Test Procedure (WLTP), versus a 115 km range when compared to a base BEV with the same maximum speed. “The refuelling time is typically five minutes.” DON'T MISSMotorists warned of further car tax changes as VED increases likely [WARNING]Ten future classics set to soar in value [REVEALED]Diesel drivers are being 'fleeced' at the pumps as MP's demand action [SHOCKING]  The International Energy Agency (IEA) describes lithium-ion batteries as “the key technology for electrifying transport”. It does, however, acknowledge that other technologies like hydrogen could have a role in transport in the future. The fuel type would be especially useful in sectors like heavy-duty transport, shipping or aviation. This comes as a fleet of world-first hydrogen double decker buses have passed a collective one million miles in service.  In just one year, the fleet of Wrightbus zero-emission hydrogen double deckers have surpassed one million miles driven. This means the fleet has prevented 1,700 tonnes of harmful carbon dioxide emissions entering the atmosphere compared to journeys made by an equivalent diesel bus. The reduction in emissions has the same impact as taking almost 400 cars off the roads for a whole year. Jo Bamford, Executive Chairman of Wrightbus, praised the landmark achievement, saying the company’s efforts had paid off.  He continued: “To be talking about such figures and the impact on emissions they have made is incredibly powerful and seeing these numbers spelled out really puts our efforts into context. “At Wrightbus we have been relentless in our commitment to zero emissions transport thanks to our constant innovations - but although these figures are impressive, we cannot let up. “We will continue to press the case for more support for zero emissions transport, both in the UK and around the globe, to ensure vital net zero targets are not missed.” Since Mr Bamford took over in October 2019, Wrightbus has grown to over 900 staff making battery-electric and hydrogen double and single deck buses.