Arsenal have reportedly approached Inter Milan to ask about the availability of left-back Federico Dimarco. Nuno Tavares has not proved to be a reliable back-up to Kieran Tierney, who has again spent much of the season injured. Concerns over both players could lead to the Gunners signing a new left-back. Bologna's Scottish international Aaron Hickey has been linked with a move to the Emirates. And Dimarco is the latest name on the club's radar. Italian outlet TuttoMercatoWeb details Arsenal's interest in the player. The report says Inter are not keen on selling the 24-year-old, who has just finished his first season as a regular in the club's first team. Dimarco has a contract at the San Siro until 2026 and they want to keep hold of him for now. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'missing farewell meal' speaks volumes about Man Utd star  However, it is claimed an offer of between £17million and £21m could be enough to convince the Serie A side to do business. Dimarco came through the academy at Inter before leaving for Swiss side Sion in 2017. Inter exercised their buyback option for the player just a year later. He has since had loan spells at both Parma and Hellas Verona, who both passed up opportunities to sign the player on a permanent deal. Since his return to the club last summer, Dimarco has featured regularly at Inter for the first time. However, 23 of his 39 appearances in all competitions came as a substitute. If Arsenal are to sign a left-back this summer, it is likely to be as a back-up to Tierney. The former Celtic star is firmly the first-choice in that position for Mikel Arteta. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Tchouameni's private declaration [TRANSFERS]Man Utd's Ronaldo brutally taken down as Man City teenager's jibe comes to light [REPORT]Man Utd have perfect player to sweeten Pau Torres negotiations if required [COMMENT]  However, he missed the last couple of months of the season due to a knee injury. It is not the first time Tierney has spent a prolonged period on the sidelines since joining Arsenal in 2019. He is yet to make more than 27 league appearances in a single campaign for the Gunners. Therefore Arteta must find a reliable player who can fill in for the 24-year-old. Tavares initially started his spell at Arsenal well after joining from Benfica last summer. However, the Portuguese defender has been exposed at times in the second half of the season and Arteta has not always put faith in his player. Dimarco's name can now be added to Hickey's as left-backs Arsenal are keeping an eye on this summer.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here