The long-awaited Elizabeth Line will be up and running from May 24. With less than a week to go, Transport for London (TfL) issued an updated London Tube map to include the new Elizabeth Line. The addition of the new line is the biggest change in recent history of the Tube map - but that's not the only change to the iconic travel map. Marked in purple, the new Elizabeth Line dissects the map horizontally, following its route from west to east. Julie Dixon, TfL’s interim customer and revenue director, said: “Our world-renowned map now has another iconic addition in the Elizabeth line, which will serve London and the southeast for hundreds of years to come. “When we open on Tuesday 24 May, the new Elizabeth line will begin providing greater connectivity and step-free access from Reading and Heathrow to Shenfield and Abbey Wood through the centre of London. READ MORE: Queen opens £18.9bn royal crossrail - but declined a ride on a train “This latest Tube map is a real credit to the team who have put it together. It has been both a challenge and a privilege to update Harry Beck’s original design to literally put a new piece of transport history on the map. “This latest version takes into account a number of wider changes to the transport network, but will ensure Londoners and visitors alike are able to navigate around our transport network with ease.” The launch of the new map has caused debate over whether Crossrail counts as a Tube line or an overground line. On the London Tube map, underground lines are marked by solid, coloured lines. Overground lines, such as trams and Thameslink, are shown on the map with hollowed lines. There has also been debate about it being called “Elizabeth Line” rather than simply “Elizabeth”. Other lines that run underground through London refer to them as only “Northern”, “Victoria” and “Piccadilly” lines, for example. The TfL spokeswoman said: “The ‘Elizabeth Line’ is in itself the full name of the new railway and the route it operates on. DON'T MISS‘They love not doing any work’: Jubilee bank holiday tube strike [INSIGHT]'A hot mess!' Fury at new London Tube map after Elizabeth Line added [REPORT]Tube staff to strike during Queen's Jubilee - are you affected? [EXPLAINER] “In contrast, the London Underground is the name of a separate mode of transport which operates individually named routes. "This means we’ll always include ‘line’ in all signage and reference to the Elizabeth Line.” The new map also includes the addition of Ikea logos to demonstrate which station you should alight at if you're looking to visit the nation's favourite Sweden furniture shop. But even this addition caused consternation, with one Twitter user @pick_frank saying: "Who cares where the Ikea stores are? "You can hardly bring furniture home on a train." Crossrail has been under development since 2002 and originally due to open in 2018. But the rail link has been mired by setbacks and no shortage of controversies throughout its development, having cost £18.9 billion to date - £4.1 billion over the budget set in 2010. Still, the scheme is the biggest boost to transport for London in decades, creating 10 new stations and 26 miles of new tunnels.