It's no real secret that Arsenal's main priority in the summer transfer window will be signing at least one striker while a central midfielder is also on the agenda. And that in essence could see Arsenal play the waiting game on a move for Max Aarons. The Norwich full-back is set to leave the club this summer, according to The Telegraph, following their relegation from the Premier League. The former England Under-21 international has been a target of Arsenal's for several years even pre-dating Mikel Arteta's time in charge. But when the north Londoners looked to bring in a right-back last summer, they looked to Takehiro Tomiyasu over Aarons. The Japanese international has impressed in parts in his debut season, but he's only just returned to full fitness after a calf injury ruled him out for several months. Arsenal may well look for an upgrade on Cedric Soares as the back-up right-back this summer. But there are clearly more pressing matters for them to resolve before improving their bench. JUST IN: Arsenal backed to capitulate under Tottenham pressure in top-four race  Strikers will be in hot demand this summer with some of the best in Europe expected to move such as Erling Haaland, Robert Lewandowski and Kylian Mbappe. So Arsenal will need to move fast in beating the competition to their No 1 targets, and some reports have suggested they'll look to bring in two central strikers. Thomas Partey's recent injury has also highlighted Arteta's need to improve their midfield options with Mohamed Elneny, who has impressed in recent games, set to leave as a free agent in the summer. Bringing in a replacement for the Egyptian will be of paramount importance and reports have indicated Arsenal could revive their interest in Arthur Melo. Finding players to instantly improve the Gunners' squad will likely cost a premium, especially if two strikers and one central midfielder are brought in. At that point, Arsenal's transfer business may be done for the summer with no immediate need to spend extra cash ona back-up right-back. DON'T MISS  If Aarons is still available towards the end of the window then expect Arsenal to be in the mix with Norwich likely to accept a cut-price deal. But heading into the transfer window, their main priorities will be further up the pitch. Heading back into Europe next season, Arteta will want a proven goalscorer capable of slotting into his youthful side. Alexander Isak, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Victor Osimhen, Darwin Nunez and Jonathan David are just a few names being linked with a move to the Emirates. And tying up a deal for any of them will require big money which may not leave much left for squad players, which Aarons may well be if he is signed from Norwich.