It is no secret that Antonio Conte wants to make his mark on his Tottenham squad, and the summer transfer window looks like an ideal starting place. The Italian is keen to move on some of his fringe players in order to fund new arrivals – namely Eintracht Frankfurt winger Filip Kostic. Conte looks set to secure Champions League football with Spurs this season. His side currently occupies the fourth spot in the Premier League and are two points above North London rivals Arsenal. A victory on the final day of the season away at Norwich will see Tottenham secure that fourth spot, whilst a draw will also be enough given their superior goal difference. Playing in the Champions League next season will be a very attractive proposition for any of Spurs’ transfer targets, and Conte will be keen to make use of that. Express Sport revealed that Serbian Kostic is one of Tottenham’s key targets this summer and are readying a move. It is believed that a deal will cost £25million, which will take Spurs’ total spending for the summer up to £100m given that they are set to sign loanees Dejan Kulusevski and Cristian Romero permanently. The Times revealed that Conte spoke with Daniel Levy last month to discuss what will happen over the coming months, whilst also indicating that the players that are now surplus to requirement. Sergio Reguilon, Emerson Royal, Steven Bergwijn and Giovani Lo Celso were all cited as those that could make an exit. Tanguy Ndombele also looks set to return to Tottenham, he is currently out on loan at Lyon but the Ligue 1 outfit looks unlikely to activate the £54m clause that would see him sign permanently, and may be used to bolster Spurs' budget. Cameron Carter-Vickers could also be sold to raise funds. MORE TOTTENHAM NEWS...Arsenal hero Wright warns Spurs may be 'real problem' if Eriksen signsTottenham 'make three demands' to Barcelona over Clement Lenglet dealTottenham boss Conte set to finalise two signings as McGinn 'targeted' Spurs are reportedly looking to sign approximately six players this summer, with defenders a top priority. Kostic would provide a touch of class down the left, and if he arrives from the Bundesliga then he would be one of the three defenders that Conte wants to bring in. Signing another forward option also remains a priority, as well as a midfielder at the very minimum. Reports have circulated that Christian Eriksen could re-sign for Spurs, the Denmark international has worked under Conte previously at Inter Milan and is out of contract with Brentford this summer.