Neymar has apparently been put on the market by PSG in the wake of Kylian Mbappe’s failed move to Real Madrid. The Brazil international has been at the Parc des Princes ever since moving from Barcelona back in the summer transfer window of 2017. Yet, now, a parting of the ways could be on the cards. Over the weekend, it was claimed Barcelona had been offered the chance to sign Neymar. And it’s now been reported that PSG are ready to cut the Brazil international loose, with the Ligue 1 giants looking to balance their finances in the wake of Mbappe’s decision to stay at the Parc des Princes. Neymar has done well throughout his time at PSG but injuries, in recent years, have prevented him from fulfilling his true potential. With the French side already having Mbappe and Lionel Messi at their disposal, the 30-year-old has supposedly been deemed surplus to requirements. So Express Sport will now take a look at the four clubs who would be the likeliest to sign Neymar given his current situation. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Barcelona apparently have no intentions of re-signing Neymar, despite being offered the chance to bring the Brazilian back to the Nou Camp. Yet that’s not to say a Hollywood homecoming can be entirely ruled out. Barcelona want a marketable face to fill the void left behind by Messi’s departure last year, with Robert Lewandowski their priority target. Neymar’s son lives in the city with his mother, too, which is another factor to consider. Barcelona had hoped to land the 30-year-old back in the summer transfer window of 2019, only for a switch to Catalonia to fail to materialise. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Real Madrid were rocked when Mbappe turned them down over the weekend. They’d deliberately stopped short of aggressively pursuing Erling Haaland because they genuinely thought the France international was going to come. Neymar, however, would be a world-class alternative. It would be a statement signing, one that would likely cause anger over at Barcelona given the Samba star was on their books for four years. And it would be proof that Real are still able to attract the biggest names in world football, even if Haaland and Mbappe are now out of reach. Manchester City have already confirmed the signing of Haaland, who will touch down from Borussia Dortmund. But Neymar could be an opportunity too good to turn down. Pep Guardiola left Barcelona just before the former Santos star arrived in 2013, meaning they didn’t get the chance to work together at the Nou Camp. And Guardiola has regularly talked up the Brazilian in the years since. City are arguably the best team on the planet and, if they secured the signature of Neymar, it would send a message to the rest of world football. It’s unclear how much Chelsea will spend this summer in the wake of their takeover and Roman Abramovich’s decision to sell. However, with Todd Boehly hoping to win round fans, signing Neymar would be quite a way to do that. The PSG star previously played under Thomas Tuchel in France, with the duo helping the team dominate Ligue 1. Neymar, should he move to Chelsea, would then play under a manager he’s already familiar with. Therefore, the Blues can’t be ruled out - especially given the fact they’re got Champions League football to offer.