Since Outlander season six wrapped earlier this year, fans are desperate for details of how Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and Claire’s (Caitriona Balfe) story will continue. While the Starz series largely follows the trajectory of Diana Gabaldon’s novels, it sometimes makes some changes. The cast are currently filming season seven and have shared some snap shots of their time on set. Jamie star Sam has been posting photos of himself tired and weary after a long night filming. Sharing a gif of Jamie commenting: “I won’t be getting any more sleep tonight,” the actor confirmed his first night shoot was “done”. The next day, he posted another shot of the highlander with the caption: “Night shoot no2! Let’s do this!” And following that long night on set, he retweeted co-star Caitriona’s shot of them falling asleep. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show In the photo both Sam and Caitriona could be seen with their eyes closed pretending to take a nap. Caitriona wrote: “Is it home time yet??? #Nightshoots @SamHeughan.” Sam shared the post on his own Twitter account, writing: “Whaaaaaaat?!! Shhhh keep the noise down…. Sassensnatch.” Unsurprisingly, the update from the set thrilled fans with many excited to find out why a night shoot was taking place. Fan ShirleyAnn replied: “Very nice picture, it’s probably cold & hard work. “Appreciate all you guys do to bring us such a wonderful show filled with emotions, we laugh, cry, get angry & some romance. Hope I didn’t forget anything.” Lozano Dominique posted: “Oh! You are so cute! I love these moments of sharing on the set. Thanks Sam and Caitriona. Goodnight, sweet dreams. Can't wait season 7! Love you both.” And, @BoltingTheDoor tweeted: “You guys are killing me with this pic! Thank you for the BTS stuff to help us pass Droughtlander a bit easier. You guys are literally the best!” DON'T MISS...Caitriona Balfe's nude scene sparked warning to Outlander co-stars [LATEST]Outlander writer shuts down Jamie Fraser time travel theory [INSIGHT]John Bell Outlander nationality: Where was John Hunter Bell born? [EXPLAINER] While not too much is known about season seven, Caitriona has teased there will be a conclusion to the Christie storyline. Fans last saw her character Claire locked in a prison in Wilmington awaiting trial for the murder of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds). She had been accompanied by Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones) who insisted he would protect her while her husband Jamie was away. Jamie had been separated from his wife and Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) had planned to send him back to Scotland so he could not save Claire. However, Jamie was rescued in the closing moments of the season six finale and is now on his way to Claire along with Ian (John Bell) and the Cherokee. Speaking of how the storyline will wrap up in season seven, Caitriona told Entertainment Weekly: “There’s a lot going on next season. “What we can say is there will definitely be conclusion to some of this, some of these threads will have been tied up early on. “And we will then have a lot of new characters join that are going to be very meaningful to the series.” Outlander is available on Starz in the US and is available on Starzplay in the UK.