Tolerance as a way of life is an unwritten social contract that has allowed the UK to become a vibrant multi-ethnic, politically, intellectually and spiritually diverse, and broadly well-integrated, modern society. Today this unwritten social contract is being broken by self-appointed woke cliques who believe intolerance of people with the 'wrong' beliefs is somehow a sign of virtue. Allison Bailey is a criminal defence barrister, feminist, lesbian and racial justice campaigner and she is suing the Stonewall organisation.  This once commendable gay rights advocacy organisation has seemingly been taken over by the self-appointed woke who have a very specific and narrow approach to gay rights advocacy. If you aren't advocating for gay rights exactly as Stonewall defines them you aren't advocating for gay rights at all. Behind the self-appointed self-aggrandising authoritarian pseudo-liberals we call the woke lies the extremist dogma of a very small group with a very particular agenda. And their influence hasn't just impacted Stonewall. Don't Divide Us has witnessed the very same type of intolerance-masquerading as virtue on display in schools across the UK, where a combination of woke teachers and professional external education consultants are preaching fashionable imported American Critical Race Theory based-dogmas as uncontested fact. It's all very innocent sounding - introduced under banners like 'racial literacy' and 'anti-racist education.' But beyond the surface level 'be kind' virtue lurks the same brand of righteous intolerance. According to the advocates of these theories to contest them is to 'deny that racism exists.' The same advocates contest there is only one way to fight for the rights of gay people and that’s the way that endorses Gender Identity Theory, just as there is only one way to fight against racism and that’s the way that endorses Critical Race Theory and Black Lives Matter. The message it seems is: unless you support the underlying beliefs of Gender Identity Theory, you cannot be deemed an advocate for gay rights, you can only be transphobic and unworthy of respect or even basic tolerance. Ms Bailey has a long history as an impassioned gay rights campaigner dating all the way back to opposition to Section 28, all of which is expunged entirely. Bend the knee or suffer the consequences! Whatever your views on Gender Identity Theory, to directly or indirectly punish anyone who holds a different belief is cruel and intolerant. In a leafy London suburban private school recently the Theology teacher, who is also the school chaplain, delivered a theology lesson about race. On the one hand pupils are told that one of the main lesson objectives is for pupils to be able to reach their own "informed opinion of the BLM movement and protests". So far so good – what teacher would object to this? And in keeping with the Government’s recent Guidance on Impartiality, one of the lesson slides says: "While we welcome and celebrate diversity of opinion in our lessons, we also hold the following important things to be true." And one of the important true things is: "Racism is present in our school community, local community, country and world. Though we may not all see it ourselves, this does not mean that it doesn’t exist." The lesson contains three slides where statistical data of various disparities are deemed to be sufficient proof of that racism is an omnipresent malign force in all our lives. The belief that Britain is "systemically racist" is a core belief of Critical Race Theory.   Two of these slides are about America, and one is UK data-based data about mental health detainments according to race. There is little evidence from the 19-slide presentation that any attempt was made to present an alternative viewpoint. Setting aside slipping standards of education, the pressing point here is what happens to a pupil (or a teacher for that matter) who thinks that racism is not pervasive in Britain, or in their school? What happens to those who accept the challenges of integration, and support anti-racism initiatives, but who wish to advocate for solutions that exist outside the prevailing CRT-based orthodoxy? Will they be encouraged to contribute their views in the name of diversity of viewpoint, something schools are supposed to support? Or will they, like Allison Bailey, Kathleen Stock and JK Rowling be deemed unworthy of respect or even tolerance for daring to challenge the group-think? Whatever the outcome, Allison Bailey vs Stonewall will have far-reaching implications for the complex problems we face as a society and our freedom to discuss and explore a diversity of approaches for tackling them. Bailey has recovered from a recent illness and the trial looks set to resume shortly.  The Don't Divide Us group describe themselves as liberal anti-racists who reject the proposition that the UK is inherently racist.  