Ellen, 64, once candidly confessed she did not recollect meeting Meghan Markle the way the Duchess of Sussex had previously told in an interview. According to Prince Harry’s wife, 40, she met the television host during a visit to an animal shelter where they crossed paths. She explained how Ellen helped her pick her dog Bogart, who is a Labrador-shepherd mix. Meghan had been cuddling a dog when Ellen showed up at the shelter with wife Portia de Rossi. The Suits actress said: "Now, I don't know her, but Ellen goes 'Is that your dog?' "And I said, 'No,' and she's like, 'You have to take that dog.' And I said, 'Well, I'm deciding.' And she's like, 'Rescue the dog!' READ MORE: Raquel Welch, 81, in daring look as ageless beauty stuns fans "It's sort of like if Oprah tells you to do something. I'm sitting there holding him and she's like 'Have you thought of a name for him yet?' “And I said, 'Well, I think I'd name him Bogart,' and she's like 'You're taking the dog home.’” Meghan continued during an interview with Best Health in 2017: “And she walks outside to get into her car but instead of getting in she turns around and comes and taps on the window glass and she yells 'Take the dog!' “And so I brought him home. Because Ellen told me to." But later that year, Ellen admitted she did not remember the heartwarming moment as she spoke to the audience on her eponymous show. Ellen even quipped that the Duchess does “whatever I tell her to do” as she urged her to invite her to her wedding to Prince Harry the following year. She said: “That's amazing. I mean, she adopted a dog because I told her to. "I don't even remember the story actually, but obviously she does and she does whatever I tell her to do, so Meghan if you're watching, I have something else to tell you - invite me to that wedding." READ MORE...Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT]Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [LATEST]‘Don’t get that in the US!’ Tom Hanks praises BBC on The One Show [UPDATE] Meghan and Ellen sat down for a candid chat in November last year, with the Duchess giving fans an insight into her life away from royal duties. The mother-of-two looked back on her life as an actress in California before meeting Harry and leaving the US to marry him. She also revealed how she would often visit the same Warner Brothers studio where The Ellen Show is filmed to audition for parts. Meghan said: “The security guards would always say: ‘Break a leg! We hope you get it!’ So the drive in today was very different.” She then picked out the car she would drive around in, and the “very, very old Ford Explorer Sport” had a “life of its own”, she recalled. Meghan added: “At a certain point, the key stopped working on the driver’s side, so you couldn’t get yourself in through the door. “So after auditions – I would park at the back of the parking lot – and I would open the trunk and climb in, and then pull it shut behind me, and crawl over all my seats to get out. “That’s how I would come to and from.”