The Duke of Cambridge has been asked to help more than 100,000 Kenyans seeking an apology and reparations for human rights abuses and land theft. Members of the ​​Talai clan wrote to William earlier this week calling for his support after the British Government declined to engage with the group’s representatives, according to the BBC. The letter read: “Kenya clearly is a special place for you and your family. “You proposed to your wife there and when your grandmother became Queen, she was visiting Kenya – which at the time was one of the colonies.” It continued: “We do not want this to become a bitter dispute – we just want the wrongs committed against us to be recognised. “An apology and a discussion about reparations would be the start to achieve justice." As a result, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether William should apologise. In a poll that ran from 10am on Thursday, May 5, to midday on Friday, May 6, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Prince William apologise to Kenya?” A total of 4,339 people cast their votes with the dominant response – 95 percent (4,133 people) – being “no”, William should not apologise. A further four percent (164 people) said “yes” and just one percent (42 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article in a lively debate. Many readers agreed that William did not need to apologise for the past actions of others. One user, FedUp999 said: “Absolutely not. Different times, long-dead people and disputed arguments on all sides. “If we continue to analyse the past in this way and try to apportion blame, we'll be at it forever.” Username Volvster said: “Of course he shouldn't apologise, he wasn't even born then. It was a different time then and what happened, happened and we need to move on.” And username vicnkaz wrote: “There should be no apology, you cannot blame today's people for what was done decades ago by other people.” Others argued that the actions were not to be blamed on the monarchy. Username Janewaller said: “Absolutely not, what happened over 200 years ago is not our monarchy’s fault, considering Britain was the first country to ban slavery and surely that is enough?” Username jamaicaluvin said: “Why should he apologise? And for what? For something that happened 100 years ago? It's just ridiculous. “People need to get over things and just move on. Learn from it. It was a different time and absolutely nothing to do with William.” DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role', expert claims [VIDEO]Queen extends olive branch to Meghan and Harry as Monarch celebrates Archie's 3rd birthday [LATEST]Royal POLL: Should Platinum Jubilee balcony appearance go ahead without Queen? [VOTE] Some claimed that reaching out to William on the issue was wrong. Username LAPhil said: “No. Kenya should apologise to William for its present conduct.” While username Myview2day wrote: “Why are these people sending letters to the Royal Family?” Yet, username Topsy57 said: “I don't think it would be wrong for William, on behalf of Britain and with the approval of the Government and the Queen, to express sorrow for the events of the past and how some Kenyans were treated.”