Reverend Jenny Kilgour has been battling red tape in a 3 month effort to get close family friend Viktoria Koval, 17, to safety. But her local MP was Neil Parish, who resigned after admitting looking at pornography in Parliament. This left her with no Parliamentary representation until Labour's Clive Betts, whose Sheffield constituency is 250 miles away, stepped in to help. After receiving permission from Mr Hoyle, he has ‘adopted’ the Kilgores as his own constituents will next week write to the Refugees minister demanding action. Viktoria, who last week wrote an open letter to Boris Johnson imploring him help her case, has stayed with the Devon family on language scheme exchanges. Viktoria is keen to come and her family have officially confirmed they are keen for her to go. Over the last eighty days, the Kilgours have approached 65 MPs, barristers, and refugee charities in their desperation efforts to take her in as the war rages. But because she isn’t yet 18 she is considered an unaccompanied minor and has found getting a visa impossible. Mr Betts, chairman of the Communities and Local Government Committee, said: “Viktoria’s case is of someone who would have a loving home in this country with people who she knows but red tape has got in the way. "Bureaucracy should help people from this war torn country rather than prevent them from coming to safety. This case is symptomatic of other examples of a visa scheme which is not doing what it should - which is giving people safety as they escape from an appalling situation.” Jenny Kilgour - who lives with her son, his wife and their two teenage children in Cullompton, near Exeter, Devon, said: “It is amazing that Clive Betts has offered to help and we are hugely grateful. It has felt as if there is nowhere else to go and I am happy to do anything but I just don’t know what else I can do. "It has been over 80 days since Viktoria first applied for a visa and she was sent for biometric checks - an eight hour round trip - 73 days ago. "I understand there is a need for safeguarding and due process but the system is all just bogged down in bureaucracy and it feels as if there is no compassion in it. "There are many others who are in the same situation and I feel if I can help Viktoria it may also open the door for others to be helped.” Her comments follow widespread criticism of the government’ flagship UK visa schemes - Homes for Ukraine and Ukraine Family - following reports of serious failures. Recent research shows at least 144 Ukrainian refugee families have presented themselves as homeless to local authorities since the visa schemes were launched in March. Emerging evidence suggests this figure is growing. Mr Betts said: “I have raised the problems of the visa scheme directly with the Prime Minister Boris Johnson and will be writing to the refugees minister Richard Harrington next week. The Ukrainian visa scheme in the UK is a complete mess and a disgrace.” He added: “People are fleeing war torn situations and it is unacceptable our system is failing them. We will be asking Mr Harrington to look into these problems and I will mention the plight of Viktoria.”