Countdown legend Carol Vorderman has been inundated with praise by her Instagram followers after revealing that she rescued a stranger during a hike on the Brecon Beacons over the weekend. The maths whizz, 61, recalled the rescue in a post with her 218,000 followers which saw her kindly give a fellow hiker a lift after he locked his keys in his car. Carol posted a snap from walking enthusiast Tyrone Coburn of the pair in her car as she gave him a lift. The Tv star dazzled as she grinned at the camera while giving a thumbs-up as Tyrone shared the snap on Facebook. Caro's caption read: "Awwwww. I was wandering around the Beacons yesterday and chatting to an ex teacher who was manning one of the car parks for @breconbeacons. "Then Tyrone and his two friends came over and said that he'd locked his keys in his car. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine "Problem was he would have to climb back up a mountain for a signal to ring the AA or walk 5 Miles to the nearest village," Carol added. She went on to reveal that she'd kindly offered the hiker a lift so he could get signal and call for help with his car. Carol continued: "Er Hello....time for a lift." She added that the hiker was surprised to realise who she was once in the car, joking that he got "two frights". Carol said: "He made me laugh tho cos we were chatting away in the car and it was only when I took my sunnies off that he recognised me. (sic) "Two frights at once," she penned alongside shocked faces. "Seeing it was the old numbers bird off the telly and it was her without make up as well!!!!" Carol added. She went on: "Glad you got back home safe and sound tho T. DON'T MISS... Angelina Jolie rushed to bomb shelter during visit to war-torn Ukraine [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan reacts as Uncensored poster is defaced with 'a**e' [ANALYSIS]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [UPDATE] "Always glad to help, just as you would help some other soul too I'm sure Happy days," the mother-of-two ended her post. Tyrone also shared the post to social media, heralding the mathematician for coming to his rescue. He wrote: "Locked my keys in my car today after walking the horse show in Brecon, had no signal to phone AA and this kind lady Carol Vorderman came to my rescue and gave me a lift to the nearest village so I could ring them. "What a lovely lady she is." Carol's adoring fans soon inundated her with messages of praise for her kind actions, with former Steps star Ian 'H' Watkins writing: "Not all hero’s wear capes!" Instagram user michaelcarlson300150 added: "Fantastic gesture CV You make Wales proud." (sic) While thompsonlee699 penned: "Fair play Carol... such a lovely gesture from you to someone in need."