 The man had paid the airline for the privilege of sitting in a seat with extra legroom when he booked his ticket for the 10-hour flight. However, when he sat in his chosen seat, a mother and her child who were in the same row asked the man to swap with her husband who'd been sitting in a normal seat in the row behind.  The man politely declined to change seats with her husband as he claimed he'd paid extra for the seat, and did not want to change to a seat with less space. Posting about his dilemma following the incident on the popular chat forum Reddit, the man wrote: "My wife and I were travelling on a 10-hour flight from Europe to Asia last week. “We booked our tickets well in advance and also managed to book the specific seats we wanted - two seats in the first row. “We paid for these seats as it was going to be a long journey and wanted the extra leg space. “When we boarded, there was a woman holding a baby sitting in the middle seat. “This woman, before I even had a chance to put my bag in the overhead compartment, asked me 'Can I be really cheeky and ask you to switch seats with my husband?"  He continued: “She then pointed toward her husband sitting in the second row (only the first row has extra leg space and requires additional payment to book the seat). “She then told me that her husband needs to be next to her to help with the baby. “My wife stayed quiet while I politely but firmly told her that unfortunately as his seat is in a second row, I wouldn’t be moving there as I had specifically paid for the seat with extra legroom.” The mother is then said to have called on cabin crew to assist her with the seating situation. However, the man continued to refuse to move to allow the woman’s husband to join her. Eventually, the crew member was able to locate two other seats in the front row that the couple could move to, leaving everyone happy with their seats.  The man added: “A steward came and requested me to switch with the husband, and I had to tell him the same thing, making things quite awkward. “The woman then threw daggers at me for some time. “Thankfully the steward came back and told me that there were two vacant seats in one of the other first rows and offered to move us. “We ended up moving there but could hear this lady animatedly make comments about us to her husband from behind for some time after that. “When I recounted this incident to my in-laws they said that I should have just moved as she had a baby with her and that turned into a different conversation about baby expectations! “My wife agrees with me that her poor planning is not our problem and that we should have stayed out if there were no other first row seats.”  The predicament sparked a flurry of comments on the situation, with many agreeing with the man who had taken the time and effort to pay more and choose his specific seats. Others suggested the man should have been more accommodating to the mother and her family. One person wrote: “Having a baby doesn’t automatically entitle you to whatever you want, especially because booking is in advance and they had ample time to do the same amount of planning as you.”  While another said: “You paid for extra legroom, and paid for that seat. “You were under no obligation to switch. “If she wanted to sit with her husband, she should have booked side by side seats.” And a third added: “People need to stop asking people to trade seats. “If you need special accommodations, talk to the airline. It's their business. “It's not your fellow traveller's responsibility to sort out your seating.” 