In association with The Daily Express, the next Wakelet Microsoft 365 Sir David Amess National Children's Parliament is now looking for 650 would-be aged seven to 11 MPs to take part. The inaugural event, just before COP26 last year broke a world record for the world's largest Children's Parliament, with 270 primary school children matched to Parliamentary seats. And this year’s topic for debate on May 26 will be: "How Do We Make The World A Safer Place?" MP Anna Firth, who was elected as Sir David’s successor after he was knifed to death in October 2021 by an Islamic fanatic, has pledged to support the Children’s Parliament in the Southend West constituency. Ms Firth met her Child MP match Lilian Green, aged 10, along with other kids from Saint Pierre School, which is participating in the Parliament for the second time. She said: “David’s legacy continues to burn brightly, not just in Britain’s newest city, but across the entire United Kingdom. “It’s my absolute pleasure and duty to carry that flame as the Children’s Parliament sits once more. “Along with Katie Amess, David’s eldest daughter and Patron of the Children’s Parliament, I will continue to champion this fantastic democratic exercise which engages the very people who will inherit our world. “The theme, ‘how do we make the world a safe place’, has never been more poignant. “It makes me so incredibly proud to see hundreds of child MPs banding together to tackle the biggest societal issues of our time – it’s safe to say, our future is in good hands. “Lilian is a wonderful student who I am sure will in the running for my job one day – I better watch out. “Children’s Parliament is exactly the kind of thing post-Brexit Britain should be championing – inspiring our children to take control of their future and fight for the common good. “I look forward to co-chairing the next meeting on May 26 and will be paying special tribute to David. “Our memory of him is truly unfading, and his passion for democracy continues to permeate every corner of our society.” Miss Amess said: "Like my father, I would like to see democracy and parliamentary process taught in schools. “This is an incredible initiative, whereby children of primary school age can discuss adult issues and send their views directly to the heart of the British parliament." "From the absolute tragedy of my father's death, we must ensure that democracy and freedom of speech prevail."Gary Jones, Editor-in-Chief of The Daily Express is chairman of the Advisory Board of the Children's Parliament. Former Brexit secretary of state David Davis MP, who has agreed to remain as Parliamentary Champion, joins him alongside Andrew Fox, chairman of the trustees of the Don Hanson Charitable Foundation. Primary schools can register Child MPs at www.wakelet.com/@childrensparliament.