During the coronavirus pandemic, breakfast shows, and other TV programmes were adhering to the social distancing rules when having guests on the show. In March, all restrictions within the UK were lifted, which meant social distancing and wearing masks were no longer mandatory. On Sunday, May 1, Sunday Brunch hosts Tim Lovejoy, and Simon Rimmer were joined by guests Tinie, Ellie White, Romesh Ranganathan, Prasanna Puwanarajah and Sigrid. Eagle-eyed viewers noticed that they were all still following the rules, as guests and hosts were placed two metres apart. Within minutes of the show airing, many viewers took to social media to express their annoyance at the guests sitting apart. User @Hyther12 commented: "Why is #Sundaybrunch continuing with social distancing? Did channel 4 not get the memo?" Eileen Walker added: "Why are they still doing social distancing #sundaybrunch." Sonja Jessop fumed: "Stop socially distancing FFS!! #Sundaybrunch" READ MORE: Emmerdale star opens up on exit from ITV soap @NathanielBen82 said: "Is #sundaybrunch shot in another country? They are still socially distancing." However, not all viewers were unhappy with the social distancing measures, as @joolzbodyfit applauded: "Tbh, I’m quite happy to STILL socially distance from some people!" @Rachel_High55 expressed: "Sunday Brunch still social distancing is amazing, I love that they haven't followed everyone else who thinks covid isn't a thing anymore." During the opening conversations of the show, the panel discussed whether they used to have school dinners and reminisced about the puddings. Tim began: "Romesh, you were a school teacher, as we know, how was school dinners years ago?" Romesh explained: "Well, I didn't enjoy them much as a kid, but I went back as a teacher, and I really liked them then. "I used to do playground duty, and one of the perks of that is you get school dinners, and I used to enjoy going to the canteens and sitting down with a nice school dinner and watch the kids move away. "You don't want to be seen next to the teacher, but I had to get the canteen staff to stop giving me traybakes, I got addicted to the chocolate custard, and I was eating that every day. DON'T MISS...Sunday Brunch Brian McFadden and Keith Duffy 'look drunk' [INSIGHT]Sunday Brunch fans distracted by guest's 'undertaker' outfit  [LATEST]Matt Tebbutt credits Simon Rimmer in snub for his career as a TV chef [WATCH] "I had to say to the canteen staff, 'Even if I come here for a traybake, you have to say no'," he admitted. Tim teased: "Weren't you one of the cool teachers that all the kids wanted to sit next to?" to which Romesh abruptly answered: "No. "Listen, you can be a cool teacher all you want, but you can't be cool enough to have kids want to sit next to you at lunchtime! "That is the next level, I wasn't at that level that is the holy grail, and I never reached that." Ellie went on to reveal that she ate the same thing every day whilst at school, which consisted of a jacket potato with tuna, a pot of cucumber and a traybake cake. Prasanna explained that on Friday, he used to have packed lunches but ended up being teased by the panel as his "sandwich" only ever had butter or banana in them. "You're playing fast and loose with the word sandwich, aren't you... I would call that bread," Romesh joked. Sunday Brunch airs Sunday from 9:30am on Channel 4.