  Måneskin singer and Eurovision winner Damiano David, 23, took to social media today to express how “proud” he was of his girlfriend Giorgia Soleri, 26, after the model shared exciting news following her difficult battle with endometriosis. The Italian beauty, who has since gone under surgery for the condition, recently revealed she was coming out with a collection of poetry.      Damiano shared a sweet post about his girlfriend’s new venture to Instagram today in view of his five million followers. He showed the shop front of an Italian bookstore that displayed Giorgia’s new collection front and centre. Tagging his beau, he simply captioned the picture: “Proud”. The poetry book is titled La Signorina Nessuno (‘Ms. Nobody’) and arrived in bookstores earlier this month. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady     Resharing Damiano’s post on her own Instagram story in view of her 606,000 followers, Giorgia wrote a sweet message back. “Ed io di te,” she replied, which roughly translates to: “And I about you.” When her book was released on May 5, the model also sent out a heartfelt thank you post to her fans. “I can’t believe it! Thank you endlessly, I am speechless, how wonderful,” she wrote (translated).     Three weeks ago, Giorgia gave her followers a sneak peak at the cover of her book beside a long post admitting she was “scared” to see it reach the hands of the public. “I’ve been thinking about this moment for years,” she penned. “For years I imagined the cover in detail, the sound of the pages when they’re browsed, the smell they emit. “For years I keep telling myself what to say, how to say it, what words to use, how to express my infinite happiness.” READ MORE... 'Thought she would bounce back' Lorraine on Deborah James [INSIGHT] Chris Evans' disbelief as three of his co-star's quit Virgin Radio UK [UPDATE] BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [NEWS]     “For years I’ve been thinking about how to present Ms. Nobody and now that that very agonising moment has arrived, I find myself feeling detached. “Maybe you’re never ready to share the realisations of a dream, and incredibly, all I do is flip through the pages of a book that has existed in my head for years…” She continued: “I’d be hypocritical to say that I’m not scared to open up such an intimate and deep part of myself, but on the first day of 2021 I wrote: ‘I’ve learned that when it’s scary, it’s almost always the right choice.’ “And so, excited and terrified, I have the pleasure to finally introduce you to Ms Nobody!”      In August of last year, Giorgia revealed she was facing a difficult battle with endometriosis, which caused her a tremendous amount of pain before she was finally operated on. The live final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 kicks off at 8pm this Saturday. It will take place in Turin, Italy, after Måneskin won the competition for their country in 2021 with the song Zitti E Buoni. This year, favourites include Ukraine, Sweden, Italy and, surprisingly, the UK. Sam Ryder is hoping to bowl over the competition for Britain this year with his song SPACEMAN.   