The year 2022 marks the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year, and plenty of celebrations are planned to mark the milestone. Queen Elizabeth II is the first of Britain's monarchs to ever reach 70 years on the throne, and the Queen touched upon the importance of the anniversary in her Christmas Day speech for 2021. The Queen said she hoped the celebrations would be an opportunity for people to "enjoy a sense of togetherness". The 70th anniversary of the Queen's accession to the throne fell on February 6, 2022. On this date in 1952, the Queen's father King George VI died, and then-Princess Elizabeth became Queen Elizabeth II at the age of 25. However, public celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee will not be held until the summer. READ MORE: Royal: Sussexes' balcony moment 'blocked by Charles and William' The Queen's Platinum Jubilee is an unprecedented feat, and all the stops are being pulled out for a national celebration. A four-day bank holiday weekend has been scheduled for June 2022. The bank holiday starts on Thursday, June 2 and ends on Sunday, June 5, 2022. On this date, the Platinum Jubilee celebrations will kick off with The Queen's Birthday Parade, also known as Trooping the Colour. Crowds are expected to line the streets of London to watch more than 1,400 parading soldiers, 200 horses and 400 musicians make their way from Buckingham Palace to The Mall and Horse Guard's Parade. Working members of the Royal Family are also expected to gather on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the RAF flypast, after two years of missing the event due to Covid restrictions. The lighting of beacons across the UK and in the capital cities of Commonwealth countries will also take place on this date. DON'T MISS:Prince Charles 'effectively becoming Prince Regent' [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Imminent return of Meghan to 'fascinate' the UK [LIVE]Queen cuts major role to spare Andrew’s embarrassment [ANALYSIS] At St Paul's Cathedral, a Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen's long reign is scheduled to take place on Friday, June 3. To the delight of the Queen, a famous racing enthusiast, an equestrian event will be taking place on Saturday, June 4. The Queen and other royals are expected to gather at Epsom Downs for the Derby on this date. There will also be a special live concert from Buckingham Palace hosted by the BBC called Platinum Party at the Palace. The Big Jubilee Lunch is an initiative aiming to get communities to share "friendship, food and fun" with their neighbours to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. And the Platinum Jubilee Pageant will see more than 5,000 people from the UK and the Commonwealth take part in a pageant of street art, theatre, music, carnival, circus and costume.