BBC Breakfast presenter Sally Nugent shared a confession about Carol Kirkwood's engagement on Monday's instalment of the flagship news programme. Carol showed viewers her ring as she presented at the Chelsea Flower Show. With her head in her hands, Sally told her co-host, Jon Kay, "it's been really hard" to keep the announcement a secret.  After congratulating Carol on the "brilliant" news via a video link on the BBC programme, Sally put her head in her hands.Jon asked: "How have you managed to keep yourself [quiet]?"Sally admitted: "I have known for a while, it's been really hard. But I managed to keep it a secret." READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue Jon explained to viewers: "Sally spotted the ring in the first clip from Carol just after 6am. "You were like, 'Ding' and saw she was wearing [a ring]." Sally replied: "Yeah, I saw it, we are going to have a BBC Breakfast wedding everybody." Jon said it was time to start looking for a hat to wear for Carol's big day.  Ahead of Sally's confession to Jon and viewers at home, Carol opened up about her partner popping the big question after Sally probed her about the ring on her finger. Sally commented: "I'm a bit concerned about how you're standing up with a giant rock on that left hand." "Thank you Sal! It is rather nice. I got engaged!" Carol confirmed as she flashed her ring and smiled. Sally continued: "It's the happiest news! We are so, so delighted. Congratulations. DON'T MISS...BBC Weather: Brits brace for thundery showers  [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood shares engagement news with mystery man [UPDATE]Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast [BREAKING]  "Can we confirm to the nation what has happened?" "Oh thank you! I think you just have Sally," Carol laughed. "We got engaged when we were on holiday. So it's lovely news and we're both thrilled. Thank you!" "We're all so chuffed for you Carol, on behalf of everyone here and everyone at home too," Jon added.    The whole studio erupted in applause as Carol beamed at the camera and swarms of her friends, co-stars and fans commented about her engagement on social media. 