The Duchess of Cambridge has never left her fans disappointed when it comes to fashion. Kate, 40, is touted as one of the most fashionable royals and people of all ages look to her for inspiration.  Her latest outfit has left fans gushing as she donned a £785 shimmering green dress by London-based, Canadian-born designer Edeline Lee with gold earrings and her hair poker-straight. The Duchess of Cambridge attended the event on May 4 at the Design Museum in Kensington, hosted by the British Fashion Council. As Kate shone in the elegant green dress, she presented the Queen Elizabeth II Award for British Design to up and coming designer Saul Nash where she was also treated to an “immersive” show by his dancer models. Royal fans were quick enough to take to social media to talk about how great she looked.  One person tweeted: “How does she manage to look like that after three kids? I know it is probably just hard work but I find it hard to believe.” A second user Brady 7 tweeted: “What a lovely event!! congrats to the winner. It was amazing to see Her Royal Highness presenting the award and giving a speech, I must say, love her accent and soft voice.” A third user Pazuzu tweeted: “Duchess Catherine is a true role-model. Always working hard to support and encourage excellence in all fields.” A fourth user wmkt16 tweeted: “Congratulations to the winner, Duchess Catherine looked stunning as always.”  READ MORE: Meghan had 'astonishing' feud at 'first party' she attended at Palace Now in its fifth year, the Queen Elizabeth II Award for British design provided recognition of the cultural and trade role the British design and fashion industry has played throughout Her Majesty's reign. The inaugural award was announced and presented to Richard Quinn in February 2018 when the Queen made her first visit to London Fashion Week. The Duchess toured the Design Museum, just a stone’s throw from Kensington Palace, meeting each of the British Fashion Council’s 23 NEWGEN finalists. Among them was Chet Lo, 25, whose jacket with knitted spikes on caught Kate’s eye - and she couldn’t resist reaching out her hand to touch it.  DON'T MISS:Keir Starmer won't do better than Corbyn's best local electionScottish Tories brace for ‘heavy loss’ in electionsAudience member snaps at Fiona and defends Boris He said afterwards: “I told her I was born in Hong Kong and it was inspired by the durian fruit there. I like to be inspired by my heritage. “She was so incredibly sweet and generous with her time with all of the designers. She is an incredibly graceful woman. “I actually used to work for the brand she is wearing so as soon as she walked in I thought ‘I recognise that!’” 