Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge currently split their time between Kensington Palace in London and Anmer Hall in Norfolk, their country residence. Their children Prince George and Princess Charlotte are both enrolled at a school in Battersea, making the Cambridges' London base well-suited presently. But as Prince George will reportedly be moving schools soon, the Cambridges are thought to be looking for a new residence that is closer to the Queen's main base of Windsor Castle. Adelaide Cottage is a 'grace and favour' property located just a 10 minutes walk away from Windsor Castle in Berkshire. Situated in Windsor Home Park to the east of Windsor Castle, it was named after the wife of King William IV, Queen Adelaide. Re-erected in 1831, the residence was famously where Princess Margaret's ex-fiance Group Captain Peter Townsend lived during the latter years of King George VI's reign. READ MORE: Radio host slams Meghan Markle 'friend' for savaging Duchess The royal home has recently been refurbished and it is a Grade II listed mansion, making it more than suitable for a future King and Queen and their family. According to a source, the cottage is currently the Cambridges' "favourite" as they continue their hunt for a new home. An insider told the Sun: “Finding a way to make Adelaide Cottage work seems to be the best and only option. "There are issues with all the other houses, so Adelaide will be the favourite.”   With their impending move to Windsor widely rumoured, several properties have been aired as possible residences for the Cambridge family. Reports had highlighted the Royal Lodge in Windsor, the current home of Prince Andrew, although it is now thought to be out of the picture. Frogmore House, a luxurious Crown Estate home nearby to Windsor Castle has also been suggested, with the residence known to be visited frequently by members of the Royal Family, including Kate and William on weekends.  DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton uses essential oil every night for glowing skin [INSIGHT]Princess Charlotte's tantrum caught on camera in unearthed video [VIDEO]Kate and Prince William's Windsor move draws closer [ANALYSIS] Fort Belvedere, the home of the former King Edward VIII, has reportedly been ruled out. The possibility of a private apartment within Windsor Castle is also thought to have been met with disapproval by the Cambridges. A private residence could also be an option for Kate and William, with a home near the Middleton family in Bucklebury, Berkshire, also seemingly being an attractive option. Carole and Michael Middleton are known to be doting grandparents to their three royal grandchildren, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, so Kate and William may like to live closer to them while their children are growing up. 