Isabella Kidman Cruise, 29, reportedly lives in Croydon after deciding to shun celebrity life. She turned down her father’s offer for her to live in his expensive London apartment when the artist relocated. She explained that she prefers London over L.A. Isabella prefers to avoid celebrity culture in favour of down-to-earth, everyday life. She now lives in Croydon with British husband Max Parker and their pet reptile. The Top Gun star is said to own a property close to Downing Street that boasts an indoor swimming pool, and mind-blowing views. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 But according to her neighbours, Isabella prefers to keep a low-profile lifestyle in Croydon. "I wouldn’t have known her if she’d come up and smacked me in the face. “I don’t keep up with celebrity culture," a neighbour named Emma told The Sun in 2017. "They have a reptile of some kind — we can see the red light of the tank. “That’s all anybody seems to know. She’s very mysterious. “I suppose she’s decided to live out of the spotlight. I don’t know why she’s chosen Croydon, poor child!" they added. Isabella has embraced English culture since moving to the UK. This was particularly evident during the Euro 2020 semifinals. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] The star made an appearance on social media in July 2021 and shared a photo of herself as she supported Gareth Southgate’s team as they attempted to reach the final of the football tournament. She captioned the snap: “My face during extra time… fingers crossed,” alongside an English flag emoji. Isabella and Max tied the knot in 2015. They decided to keep a low-profile wedding, with even Tom and Nicole missing from the guest list. The Eyes Wide Shut co-stars - who were married from 1990 until 2001 - adopted Isabella in 1992, and her  younger brother Connor Cruise in 1995. Despite her parents’ wealth, Isabella has always made it known that she is keen to full provide for herself. She uses her Instagram account to promote artistic designs. Her website offers limited edition prints and trendy tote bags.