Rebecca Humphries, who is best known for playing Margaret Thatcher in The Crown, has detailed why she decided to take a step back from her acting career during the coronavirus pandemic. The actress has recently taken on a new role in Ten Percent, a spin-off from the French comedy Call My Agent. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Rebecca admitted she asked her agent not to contact her with job opportunities for six months. She said: “In fact, what happened was because of the pandemic and all of the stress involved in our industry, I was sort of trying to take a step back. “I said to my agent, don't contact me for six months unless something mad comes in like Call My Agent UK. “And then the following week, he said, ‘Well, it's funny you should ask’ and then this [Ten Percent] came through. “And of course, I was halfway through watching the French series at the time, at which point I just stopped watching.” The 34-year-old went on to explain that she didn’t want to watch the rest of the French series because she knew the UK version would be a “completely different incarnation” of it. She continued: “I knew that it [character] was based on Noemi from the French series, the character that I was going up for who was already my favourite role. “And when I read what John [Morton] did to it, which was to even take her further inward and take her even more, sort of imprisoned by love for this person. “I thought it was even more interesting, and definitely something that I was interested in trying.” Ten Percent, which stars the likes of Helena Bonham-Carter, Kelly Macdonald, and Jack Davenport, is set around a London talent agency where the agents scramble to keep their clients happy following the sudden death of their founder. Discussing how it differs to Call My Agent, Rebecca said: “It begins with the introductions of the characters in a way that people who have seen the French series will enjoy. “Just because of our versions [of the characters] and just because of John's writing as well, it's so rooted in British comedy straightaway. “It's almost a bit like having those guys doing British stuff and then what happens is, it kind of interweaves its way away from the French series and broadens it out and turns it into British theatre land which is an independent film.”  DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald opens up on unexpected living arrangements [VIDEO]Silent Witness sparks frenzy as fans spot Vera star  [REACTION]Brenda Blethyn hits back at criticism of Vera’s appearance [NSIGHT]  She added: “People who have seen the French series will enjoy that because it's just so rooted in this culture.” Despite being excited to take on the role of Julia Fincham, The Crown star admitted she was nervous about how the series was perceived by viewers. “Whenever you say to someone, ‘I'm doing Ten Percent which is Call My Agent’ they’ll go, ‘Oh I love the French series’ and my response is, ‘I hope I don’t f*** it up.' “But I don't think we have and actually now that we've seen it and that we've got to enjoy it, it feels like two different programmes.”  Since Ten Percent launched on Amazon Prime in April, it has received praise from viewers on social media. MissJulez said: "#TenPercent on @PrimeVideo is the best series I have watched this month. The dialogue is top-notch. Give me more seasons please!!!" (sic) User @Mifaunuagbo wrote: "The British have this acting thing on lock. Watching #TenPercent and I’m just smiling. The dialogue is so good." While user @jaanakris added: "I really loved #TenPercent series at Amazon Prime. Hope there will be more seasons!" Ten Percent is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.