It can be hard for expats to leave friends and family behind in the UK. According to some expats, there are a few British traditions that can’t be beaten. Debora Robertson moved to France six months ago to enjoy a more idyllic way of life in a village. However, she wrote in the Telegraph that there are few British traditions she’s found hard to give up. She said she sometimes struggles with the challenge of moving to a holiday destination as it can be hard to keep up with chores. Debora said: “There’s always a walk to take, a terrace to sit on, the sea to swim in.” READ MORE: How to get a hotel room upgrade: Exactly what to say at reception For Debora, British food is one thing it’s been tough to leave behind. She said: “Sometimes, you really want fish fingers and oven chips for dinner and that’s fine.” She said that she’d imagined many “gastronomic delights” in France before she decided to move. However, sometimes all an expat wants is a simple meal in front of the telly and what’s better than fish fingers and chips? Although she said some expats might judge Britons for moving abroad to eat British food, it can be hard to give up. She said: “But the heart, and the stomach, wants what it wants, even if that sometimes means eschewing confit de canard for bangers and mash.” When an expat relocates, it can be a challenge to find familiar foods in local supermarkets. According to AXA Healthcare, food can be a major source of culture shock for British expats when they first move. To bridge the gap, many expats order classic British foods online from shops such as British Corner Shop. The online shop delivers British classics around the world to keep any expats from feeling too homesick. An afternoon tea ‘Brit Kit’ includes Mr Kipling Viennese Whirls, Mr Kipling Jam Tarts, Mr Kipling Bakewell Tart and Tiptree Raspberry Jam. There’s also clotted cream, a scone mix and 40 PG Tips tea bags for any expats desperate for a classic tea break. Classic savoury options include Smash, Bisto gravy, mushy peas and steak and kidney pies. A favourite British treat, M&S Percy Pigs are one of the site’s best selling items with many expats eager to get their hands on the juicy pigs. Debora said that she’d also struggled with French bureaucracy including a struggle to get a landline phone. Expats in France will have to get used to filling out a lot of paperwork, whether it’s to open a bank account or pay a utility bill. British expats will also need to adapt to new friendships and a different style of living when they relocate.