Kiselyov has joined a list of Russia state TV presenters threatening the UK for the active role played in helping Kyiv fight back attempts to inglobate Ukraine into Russia. The Russia 1 host claimed Moscow could "plunge Britain into the depths of the sea" by deploying the Poseidon drone as he described in detail the effect of the nuclear weapon on the UK. Kiselyov said: "Another option is to plunge Britain into the depths of the sea using Russia's unmanned underwater vehicle Poseidon. "It approaches its target at a depth of 1km at a speed of 200km per hour. "There's no way of stopping this underwater drone. "The warhead on it has a yield of up to 100 megatonnes. "The explosion of this thermonuclear torpedo by Britain's coastline will cause a gigantic tsunami wave up to 500m high." JUST IN: Putin 'dream' crushed as Russia's AI and technology sector faces collapse after exodus  The Russian pundit contined: "Such a barrier alone also carries extreme doses of radiation. "Having passed over the British Isles, it will turn whatever might be left of them into a radioactive desert, unfit for anything for a long time." The comments come days after Rodina Party chairman Aleksey Zhuravlyov warned Britain would be "no more" if Russia deployed one of its Sarmat missiles. He said: "We’ll start with a blank slate. The question is can they shoot it down. This missile can’t be intercepted. Putin's nuke blackmail threat unravels 'St Petersburg and Moscow wiped out in 90 seconds!'  "Their abilities are limited. They say they can shoot it down. We’ll see about that.” Russia 1 host Olga Skabayeva noted London could be hit within 200 seconds of Moscow launching an attack. Skabayeva said: "Sarmats are not in Kaliningrad yet. From Kaliningrad to Berlin is 106 seconds. "From Kaliningrad to Paris is 200 seconds. You’re interested in London. It’s 202 seconds to London.” DON'T MISS: Election POLL: Do you back Boris Johnson ahead of local elections? (POLL)Angelina Jolie rushed to bomb shelter during visit to war-torn Ukraine (REVEAL)Germany to soften Russia stance as Scholz' 'double-dealing' (INSIGHT) Vladimir Putin reignited fears of a military clash after putting his nuclear arsenal on high alert two days after his troops began to invade Ukraine in February. Fears of a nuclear war have been rocketing as experts have warned Putin could resort to using his nuclear weapons to secure some of his objectives after failing to take over Kyiv. Russian troops have been forced to retreat east, where they renewed their attempts to take over the whole of south Ukraine to effectively landlock the eastern European nation. Efforts have been focussed on the areas of Donbas, a pivotal point to build a corridor linking Russia proper with Crimea.