Meghan and Harry stepped back from their roles as senior members of the Royal Family two years ago. The couple said they wanted a “financially independent” life away from the Firm and relocated to North America, first to Canada and then to Montecito, California, where they are now raising their two children, Archie, three and Lilibet, 11 months. The pair have since signed a string of private contracts, including a podcast deal with Spotify reported to be worth around £18million as well as a multi-million dollar Netflix agreement. While some of their work has been released, their Spotify partnership has so far produced little in the way of content, despite the large sums of money involved. Archewell Audio — the name of their podcast — has released just one show, a 35-minute holiday special that featured guests including Deepak Chopra, James Corden and Elton John. In March, Meghan unveiled her first solo Spotify podcast series which investigates female stereotypes. The series, “Archetypes”, will launch this summer and features Meghan speaking to historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast. Marketing expert Baruch Labunski told Express.co.uk that if Harry and Meghan have a “positive experience” with Spotify it could boost their “overall brand”. However, he claimed that should it fail the deal could “further erode” their brand. As a result, Express.co.uk asked readers their opinions on whether they felt that the couple’s star appeal has ‘eroded’ since they left the UK. In a poll that ran from 3pm on Saturday, May 14, to 3pm on Monday, May 16, Express.co.uk asked: “Has Sussexes' star appeal been 'eroded' since they left the UK?” A total of 2,730 people cast their votes and hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their views on Meghan and Harry’s star appeal. The dominant response – winning by an overwhelming 98 percent (2,687 people) – said “yes”, Meghan and Harry’s star appeal has been “eroded” since they left the UK. Just two percent (40 people) answered “no” and three people said they did not know either way. Many questioned Meghan and Harry’s star appeal with username ChwaraeTeg writing: “What ‘star appeal’?” Another reader, username oak said: “They never had star appeal.” And username Goldielover said: “They didn't have any ‘star power’ in the first place. “Public opinion has certainly dropped, but that is due to their behaviour more than anything else.” Others commented that any star power has been eroded since they stepped down as working royals and relocated to the US in March 2020. Username SugarrEater said: “Whatever 'appeal' they had was solely because of their connection to the Royal Family. When they quit that went along with them.” Username Pearlsamingerrr wrote: “I can honestly say yes it has.” DON'T MISS'All feel lonely' William and Kate open up as Meghan speaks out [LIVE BLOG]Prince William steps up to represent Queen as Duke jets to UAE after death of Sheikh [LATEST]Royal Family: Harry and Meghan face Netflix pressure to break Queen's 'ring of steel' [INSIGHT]  And username freckles3107 said: “Meghan had no star appeal, Harry has definitely been affected.” Others attributed a loss of star appeal to Harry and Meghan’s interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. Username FaerieQueene said: “The Oprah interview killed off any appeal these two had, at least for most of us.” And username KingHenrysShadow wrote: “Since Oprah. End of story.”