Fans of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex flocked to Twitter to pay tribute to the “beautiful” and “inspirational” couple four years after they tied the knot during their glorious Royal Wedding in Windsor. But some fans took a swipe at the Firm over Megxit, with one praising Prince Harry for taking Meghan Markle away from the “toxic environment”, while others warned them not to “let anyone come between” them and hailed “love always wins!”.  Malaika Helena posted: “When he defended as a girlfriend I took note, he put a ring on it I was ecstatic, when he took her away from a toxic environment I became firmly on his team. His love will always come first and people will just have to deal #PrinceHarry #MeghanMarkle #HarryAndMeghanAnniversary RegalOS65 added: “4 years ago today these 2 wonderful people made a commitment to love & protect each other forever. They have been thru so much but they have kept their words to each other thru it all. Happy Anniversary, Prince Harry & Duchess Meghan. (sic)” Chris Baron Smith tweeted: “#HarryandMeghan Happy anniversary to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Love always wins.!” dbartl11 said: “They rock I wish them a long life together, I pray their love continues to grow, don't ever let anyone come between you both and keep your light shining for the world to see.” (sic) AlwaysHarrynMeg tweeted: “#HarryAndMeghanAnniversary I hope that you always choose one another against all odds in this lifetime...to many more years of happiness.” Lande007 said: “#HappyAnniversaryHarryandMeghan You two are literal testament that love wins. Your union has inspired has so many.  READ MORE: 'Dreaded Meghan' Professor cancelled after slamming Duchess “Your approach to life continues to motivate others. Wishing you an eternity of continued joy and happiness.” Whatzit2U added: Their￼ love will be like that of the Obamas. Just ages & gets both sweeter, mellow & stronger with time. Their kids will come to both know & enjoy seeing what real love ￼& respect is. “A special beauty & warmth & glow that they don’t see reflected in their friend's parents' marriages.”  DON'T MISS When will Meghan and Harry return to UK for Jubilee? [EXPLAINER]Royal Family heirlooms Meghan Markle wore on wedding day [PICTURES]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's 'fly-on-the wall' show dismantled [COMMENT] Harry, and Meghan, a former US actress, married in a lavish Windsor ceremony in May 2018, a wedding which was heralded at the time as infusing a blast of Hollywood glamour and modernity into the monarchy, and making them one of the world’s biggest celebrity couples. But the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who share son Archie Harrison and daughter Lilibet Diana, sparked a royal crisis when they publicly announced in January 2020 that they wished to step back from royal duties and spend more time in the US away from the public spotlight.  A later deal brokered by the Queen meant they went on their own way from April 2020. As part of the agreement, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex sought to carve out “a progressive new role”, with the aim to finance themselves.  The pair, who now live in the US, also stopped using their HRH titles - His or Her Royal Highness - were banned from using “royal” in their branding and Harry, who remains a prince, was forced to relinquish his beloved military titles. The couple will return to the UK next month to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.