Hair loss has many known causes, and how long the condition lasts will vary for each. The most common form, known scientifically as telogen effluvium, typically occurs in the months that follow an episode of acute stress. Some cases, however, can result from an imbalance in hormone levels, causing hair to appear thinner or in large bald spots. According to one trichologist, a traditional Ayurvedic practice that involves rubbing the nails against each other could promote the regrowth of healthy hair. The beauty blogger claimed that rubbing your fingernails for five to 20 minutes a day encourages hair to grow faster and healthier. Helen Reavy, hair loss specialist and hairstylist at Act + Acre, took to TikTok to share the hack. The method is said to stimulate the nerve endings inside the nails, which are connected to the scalp. Miss Reavy explained: “Did you know that rubbing your fingernails together like this every day stimulates the brain to send signals to adult stem cells to revive dormant and unproductive hair follicles. It also increases blood flow to the hair follicle for healthier growth.” According to the platform Health Site, the science behind the Ayurvedic technique is rooted in acupressure, which increases oxygen reaching the scalp. “The nerve endings in the fingertips are also connected to the scalp,” explains the health platform. “So when you rub your nails together, you create friction through which the nerves in the scalp get stimulated. “The blood flow to the scalp is also said to increase when you rub your nails together which in turn revitalises the scalp and stimulates hair growth.” Miss Ready explained that the technique involves curling the fingers to form a half fist, and rubbing the fingernails of each hand against each other for roughly ten minutes. Results can be achieved by completing one 10 minute session, or by breaking up the 10 minutes throughout the day, explained the specialist. It is worth mentioning that all evidence of the method’s efficacy remains anecdotal, warranting further scientific studies to elucidate such claims. The increase in blood flow to the scalp is also said to delay the onset of other conditions, such as dandruff and hair greying. Harvard Health explains: “We normally lose approximately 50 to 100 scalp hairs each day. If more than this is falling out, you may find an unusually large amount of hair in brushes, on clothing and in the drains of sinks and tubs. “You may also notice that your hair is generally thinner, that your part is wider, that your hairline has changed or that one or more bald patches have appeared.” There is a wealth of alternative medicinal practices that promise new hair growth, some of which are backed by science. The most effective is scalp massages, which have been shown to increase hair thickness by stretching cells of hair follicles. Researchers suggest the method may also work by helping blood vessels dilate beneath the skin, thereby encouraging the growth of hair follicles. In 2016, a small study reinforced these claims after researchers observed the effects of scalp massages on a sample of nine men. At the end of the 24-week study, the participants all showed signs of having thicker hair than at the start of the study. The findings were consistent with those of a later study of 340 participants who followed instructions to do two daily scalp massages. This time, the survey-based findings showed that 69 percent of respondents saw improvements in their alopecia.