Britain's Got Talent will return to ITV for the seventh episode of the series and more acts will be heading to the London Palladium. Hosts Ant and Dec will be joined once again by judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams as they send more hopefuls through to the live shows. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time tonight's episode will air. Viewers will be treated to more showstopping performances tonight as a whole host of weird and wonderful acts take to the stage. The winner of the 2022 series will be given a huge cash prize of £250,000. They will also be granted a once in a lifetime opportunity to show off their talent at the Royal Variety Performance. As usual, tonight's episode featuring more auditions will air at 8pm on ITV. The episode will air for an hour and 20 minutes, coming to an end at 9.20pm. READ MORE: Roxy Shahidi husband: Who's Emmerdale's Leyla Harding star married to? A teaser for tonight's episode shows Alesha surprising a seven-year-old performer when she turns up at her dance class. Skylar Blu could not believe it when she saw the singer, who invited her to audition for this year's BGT. The video shows Skylar open-mouthed as Alesha enters the dance studio. Young Skylar said she was "super happy" to have been given the opportunity to perform in front of such a huge audience. Other sneak peeks of tonight's episode show Welsh of the West End take on a huge song. Meanwhile, Ryland Petty leaves the judges lost for words when Amanda Holden joins him on stage for a magical moment. The show continues to prove its popularity as auditions for season 16 are already open. Viewers who would like to try their hand at impressing the judges can apply in person, by video or through WhatsApp. The show has its own applications website which has all the details on how to sign up. DON'T MISS... Simon Cowell hits back at BGT Ofcom complaints ‘Makes me laugh’ [DISCUSSION] 'It's not Britain's Got Amateur Talent!' Jordan Banjo blasts BGT 'fix [INSIGHT] BGT 'fix' row as fans slam Alesha Dixon's golden buzzer [DISCUSSION] The show's bosses have been forced to respond to claims this year's auditions have been "fixed". Viewers had claimed some of the contestants have had previous links to the franchise, or other talent competitions. A BGT spokesperson responded: "All acts enter the competition with the hope of elevating their career to the highest level and help to reach massive new audiences which Britain's Got Talent brings in. "As we're all aware, the pandemic affected so many lives, particularly those that work in the entertainment industry, and it is wrong to deny these people the opportunity to showcase their talents and entertain the nation, and ultimately perform in front of royalty at the Royal Variety Performance.  "As has always been the case, Britain's Got Talent is open to everyone." The show had been accused of recycling acts from other shows, with The Sun reporting out of the 60 acts that have been shown this year, 15 have either appeared on another series from the Got Talent franchise, are linked to Simon Cowell or are already considered to be a 'professional'. Despite the backlash, the talent show continues to be one of ITV's staple programmes when it comes to weekend entertainment. Fans have responded positively to some of the judges' decisions, with Alesha Dixon awarding her golden buzzer to musical duo Flintz & T4ylor. Britain's Got Talent airs on ITV at 8pm.