Prince Andrew has been mired in scandal over the past three years. He has been under fire for his former friendship with the convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein, who killed himself in prison in 2019. He was also tied up in a civil case in the US after Virginia Giuffre accused him of sexually assaulting her on three occasions in 2001 when she was 17 and an alleged sex trafficking victim of Epstein. The Duke of York vehemently denied the allegations. The case was due to go to trial later this year, but the prince and Ms Giuffre settled out-of-court in February. However, this was not before Andrew was stripped of his royal patronages and military titles by the Queen. However, Her Majesty has shown personal support for her son, by allowing him to accompany her to the memorial of Prince Philip this month. With Andrew still under the microscope, many have turned their attention towards his childhood and upbringing within the family. Nigel Cawthorne, a prolific biographer who has written investigative books on subjects as varied as the MH370 disaster to Tyson Fury, the Vietnam war to the sex lives of the Popes, in 2020 published the book, 'Prince Andrew: The End Of The Monarchy And Epstein'. Exploring Andrew's recent brush with controversy, he headed back into the prince's early years and childhood. In an excerpt published in the Daily Mail, Mr Cawthorne claimed that Palace staff found Andrew a "handful" from the beginning, with his nanny Mabel Anderson having labelled him "Baby Grumpling" because of his “temper tantrums and obstinacy”. He contrasted the early life of Prince Charles and Princess Anne — who were born before their mother ascended to the throne — with Andrew who was thrust into a life of immediate privilege, "endless sumptuous treats and far more of his mother’s attention". Mr Cawthorne claimed that Andrew was "always forgiven" for doing the naughtiest of things, and wrote: "Prince Philip, too, delighted in his boisterous young son, who seemed far more like him than the self-conscious and complicated Charles. JUST IN: Queen 'uncomfortable' with royal divorce: 'Too easy' "Somehow, Andrew was always forgiven — even when he sprinkled itching powder in his mother’s bed or climbed on to the roof of Buckingham Palace to turn the TV aerial so that the Queen wouldn’t be able to watch the racing at Sandown Park." Mr Cawthorne conceded that the last prank went too far, and claimed that even the Queen admitted: "He is not always a little ray of sunshine about the home.” And, while Philip is said to have basked in his son's "boisterousness", the Duke of Edinburgh did snap back at him on occasion. Mr Cawthorne wrote: "Once, [Andrew] even annoyed his father — while the family were watching Bet Lynch get into an argument on Coronation Street. DON'T MISS Andrew's assets could be seized by Bailiffs if he loses civil sex case [REPORT] Prince Andrew titles: All titles & associations Prince Andrew has lost [INSIGHT] Former Royal cop's anger at Prince Andrew golf ball claims [ANALYSIS] “‘Oh God, look at all those common people,’ Andrew shouted. "Prince Philip gave his favourite son a rocket. ‘If it wasn’t for people like that,’ he said, ‘you would not be sitting here.’” There is a wide age gap between Andrew and Anne of ten years, and an even wider 13 years between him and Charles. It means that when Charles was off studying at Cambridge University, Andrew would have been just six years old. Others aside from Mr Cawthorne have offered rare glimpses of Andrew's personal life. Last month, a top diplomat claimed that the Duke demanded his water to be served at room temperature and ensured his valet carried a six-foot ironing board on foreign trips during his time as the UK's special representative for trade and investment. Simon Wilson, the former deputy head of mission in Bahrain, said Andrew soon became known throughout the Gulf as HBH — His Buffoon Highness. He told The Times that the royal was "rude and boorish", and had a "childish obsession with doing the exact opposite of what had been agreed". Another awkward anecdote was floated during ITV's recent bombshell documentary, 'Ghislaine, Prince Andrew and the Paedophile', in which journalist Ranvir Singh spoke to a number of people who had experience with Andrew and the Royal Family. Paul Page, an ex-protection officer for the Queen, alleged that Andrew had a number of teddy bears arranged on his bed. He said the Duke had a photograph of the bears in a drawer, and if the maids did not rearrange the bears as they were in the photo, he would "scream and shout". 'Prince Andrew: The End Of The Monarchy And Epstein' is by Nigel Cawthorne and published by Gibson Square Books Ltd. You can buy it here.