Vicky Pattison has told how she's "been through the wringer" over the past six months while sharing a health update. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the Geordie Shore star, 34, candidly spoke of her heartbreak after learning that she had a cyst on one of her ovaries, while also speaking about her new edit with lingerie and swimwear brand, Pour Moi. Last year, Vicky was left stunned after being told she had a cyst on her ovary. The star later explained that it had disappeared by itself, meaning she had luckily avoided having it removed. Speaking about the past six months, the Geordie Shore star told how she had been left blindsided after the diagnosis. Vicky reflected: "Honestly, I've been through the wringer a little bit. READ MORE: Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague "It's mad because I was so upset when I got the news." The star went on to explain she had "no clue" about the cyst and even attributed her symptoms to going off a form of contraception. Vicky continued: "I knew my periods were becoming more and more painful and I just couldn't decide if it was a side effect of having the implant removed from the arm. "I didn't know if it was just because I was getting older, everybody warned us they get worse when you get older. "I honestly just had no clue and I was so woefully ignorant which I think a lot of [us] are like," she said. The Instagram star told how she had been left terrified after hearing from doctors that it could potentially effect her chances of conceiving. Vicky went on: "Everyone was so kind but I think the [doctors] they almost put the fear of God in you. "You know, 'This could make conceiving naturally very difficult,' and for a woman in her 30s to hear that when you know the clocks against you anyway, it was just really quite traumatic," she admitted. DON'T MISS...Boy George, 60, ditches usual glam look in rare outing [INSIGHT]Ray Liotta dead: Goodfellas actor 'dies in his sleep' aged 67 [ANALYSIS]Andy Fletcher dead: Depeche Mode founding member dies aged 60 [UPDATE] However, earlier this year Vicky received good news about the cyst following a check up. She said: "I discovered that the cyst had shrunk had gone away. "I did hear they can just go away. But you know, you kind of think, 'Oh, God, they can also grow.' "But I think everybody's mind always goes to the worst possible outcome," she added. Vicky also spoke about the new The Pour Moi x Vicky Pattison Edit. The star said: "I spent years with my boobs falling out the top and my bum cheeks falling out the bottom of bikinis. "So it's really lovely to be working with a brand that not only am I proud to wear, but that also just fits really well as well." The Pour Moi x Vicky Pattison Edit is available from 26th May 2022, exclusively online here.