The Conservatives have suffered several embarrassing defeats at England’s local elections after losing key council seats. According to the results announced so far, the Tories have lost more than 100 councillors. Labour seized Wandsworth – Margaret Thatcher’s “favourite council” – from the Tories, which has remained blue since 1978. The party also took Barnet and Westminster in shock wins, while also gaining control of Southampton City Council. “With a different leader it is very difficult to say. The Conservative brand I think is not necessarily damaged by this in the long run. “But that remains to be seen. Certainly, with Johnson as leader the polling is bad and if anything is getting worse. “And the longer he stays, the longer that damage is prolonged. The longer his negative ratings begin to affect the Conservative Party in a more long-term way.” One of the most damaging polls before the elections from mid-April predicted the Tories could shed as many as 800 seats across the UK. The polling of more than 12,000 people by Electoral Calculus and Find Out Now also put Sir Keir on course to become Prime Minister at the next General Election, which is slated for 2024. “But on the other hand, in other parts of the country, you're still seeing Conservatives going forward and making quite remarkable gains.” The Prime Minister also described the results as “mixed”. Dr Dickinson claimed that if negative polling translates into losses of council seats, the Prime Minister could eventually be removed in a confidence vote. Speaking about Partygate, he said: “Assuming that we don’t have any more revelations that move this scandal on or push it into even more serious territory, I think it is going to be the local elections. “Politicians do read polls and they do care about them, but they pay much more attention to election results. “And I think if we start to see some of the negative polling crystallise in actual losses of Council seats, that will be the point really, at which I think the crunch point will come for the party. “They will decide that the political damage is severe enough that they need to do something about it. They can’t leave it any longer.”