The Chase fans were looking forward to tuning into another episode of the popular ITV programme at 5pm on Monday. So they were left disappointed to learn the show, which is hosted by Bradley Walsh, has been replaced by Lingo for the entire week. Many disgruntled viewers took to Twitter to vent their frustration over the schedule shake-up. The Chase's slot has been filled with the newest series of the word-based game Lingo for the week.The quiz show is hosted by Good Morning Britain presenter Adil Ray, but The Chase's fans were not impressed to see it return to screens.@TheClaw01578121 fumed: "It’s 5pm and there’s no #TheChase on @ITV? What is this madness?"Kevin Jones raged: "Bad move by @itv replacing #TheChase with #Lingo. Watch the viewers switch over to #Pointless." READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison Carper added: "Stop the world, I want to get off…. No Chase #TheChase" (sic)Jay Bee said: "Where the hell is #TheChase? I feel like I’m missing a member of my family at the dinner table! Come back Bradley! Where are yah!" (sic)However, Richard Chester reminded viewers The Chase will be returning to its usual slot next week.He stressed: "Those who are going nuts because #Lingo has replaced #TheChase should know it's only for this week. "Beat the Chasers is on all week at 9pm and ITV likely don't want Chaser overkill so our Chaser fix is for then. Someone remind Adil Ray not to check Twitter for a week."@Rennoldson commented: "I’m guessing #TheChase not being on has something to do with #BeatTheChasers being on tonight? Fair enough, but why replace it with #Lingo?"A new series of The Chase spin-off series Beat The Chasers will start at 9pm. DON'T MISS...The Chase star opens up on replacing Anne Hegerty [LATEST]Mark Labbett gets candid about split from wife and second cousin Katie [INTERVIEW]Anne Hegerty’s Beat The Chasers replacement issues warning to ITV fans [INSIGHT] Anne 'The Governess' Hegerty will not appear in the latest series of Beat The Chasers as she contracted Covid-19 while filming was underway. She's been replaced by The Chase Australia star Issa Schultz, who is nicknamed The Supernerd. Issa, 38, "dropped everything" to fly from Brisbane to the UK within hours of being called about stepping in for Anne. Anne talked exclusively to Express.co.uk at this year’s BAFTA TV Awards about Issa stepping into her shoes.  “What happened was Issa is the only Australian Chaser who was born in the UK," she explained. “So he was the one person they could put on a plan and he wouldn’t need a visa." While Anne will not be appearing in the new season of Beat The Chasers, her co-stars, such as Mark ‘The Beast’ Labbett and Jenny ‘The Vixen’ Ryan, will be returning. The Chase returns next Monday at 5pm on ITV. 