Chelsea will have the final say on whether Cesar Azpilicueta will be allowed to join Barcelona this summer. The Spaniard has reportedly reached an agreement with the La Liga giants which stands to see him earn £11m-a-year at the Nou Camp, however the Blues have the power to block a move by activating a one-year extension clause for their captain.  Azpilicueta is understood to have expressed his desire to end his decade-long stint at Stamford Bridge when his contract expires at the end of the season and appears to have moved one step closer to sealing his exit. According to AS, the 32-year-old has reached a mega-money agreement with Barcelona to join the Spanish side on a two-year deal when he becomes a free agent. However, a deal is far from straight-forward. The Blues have the option to extend Azpilicueta's stay in West London for a further year by triggering a clause in his contract, meaning they have the final say on whether he will be allowed to leave this summer. Matters are further complicated by the sanctions imposed on Chelsea and club owner Roman Abramovich, which prevent them from negotiating contracts and securing signings. While the Blues will be hoping to finalise the club's sale in order to restore some stability, it seems Azpilicueta will hoping a deal is concluded in order to enable him to resolve his future. READ MORE: New Chelsea owner Todd Boehly seen shaking his head after Wolves draw  Once the club's sale is finalised, it is thought the defender will seek to sit down with those in charge and 'agree his release'. It is also understood that Chelsea will provide the defender with his 'promised exit' once a change of ownership has been completed. However, should the Blues allow Azpilicueta to depart, they will find themselves thin-on-the-ground in defence. Chelsea are already set to lose Antonio Rudiger to Real Madrid and Andreas Christensen to Barcelona, with the pair also having run down their current contracts. DON'T MISS:Thomas Tuchel responds to Christian Pulisic’s dad over deleted tweet (NEWS)Thomas Tuchel outlines desperate Chelsea measures after Rudiger exit (INSIGHT)Barcelona 'hold Chelsea transfer meeting' with 3 signings discussed (TRANSFERS)  The Spaniard should soon have the opportunity to discuss his future following the news that Chelsea have confirmed Todd Boehly is set to complete a £4.25billion takeover of the club imminently. The American businessman was in attendance for the Blues' 2-2 draw with Wolves at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. As for Azpilicueta, when the defender does leave West London, he will depart safe in the knowledge his status as a Chelsea club legend has been confirmed. The Spaniard has won every trophy available to him during his 10-year stay at Stamford Bridge, completing a clean sweep of silverware with the Club World Cup back in February.  