Gentleman Jack delves into the life of 19th Century landowner Anne Lister (played by Suranne Jones) who is famously considered as the first modern lesbian. Season two continues to follow her journey after marrying wealthy heiress Ann Walker (Sophie Rundle) at the end of the first series on BBC One. But with their new life together at Shibden Hall comes many troubles from a former lover and family. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Gentleman Jack. Gentleman Jack is currently airing its second outing on BBC One every Sunday night with just one more instalment left to go. With the ending on the horizon, fans are wandering if there will be more episodes to come starring actress Suranne Jones as the iconic Anne Lister. As of writing this article, the BBC has not yet confirmed whether or not Gentleman Jack is going to be renewed for a third season. However, the period drama's writer Sally Wainwright has expressed her desire to carry on the story. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? Speaking to The Metro prior to the season two premiere, Wainwright said: "I’d love to be able to tell the story of the remainder of her [Anne Lister’s] life up to her death when she was 49. "The diary is fantastic, the diary is just full of anecdotes and…she manages to find such extraordinary things in the ordinariness of everyday life because her days are so packed and so full." Gentleman Jack is loosely based on the contents of Lister's diaries, detailing her business dealings and romantic endeavours. Lister is currently around 43-years-old in season two so if Wainwright does get her wish of completing her story until the end, this may mean potentially six more series of Gentleman Jack. Since it first started airing in 2020, Gentleman Jack has received unwavering popularity from its fans. So much so that a bronze statue of Lister was installed in the heart of Halifax, West Yorkshire, to commemorate the historic figure's life. Bearing this in mind, it does seem more than likely that Gentleman Jack will be returning for a third season. For now at least, there is still the end of the second series to contend with. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]Gentleman Jack writer defends 'predator' Anne Lister [EXPLAINER]Timothy West speaks out on Gentleman Jack filming difficulty [CAST] The finale episode called It's Not Illegal will be airing on Sunday, May 27, at 9pm on BBC One. Its description reads: "Anne and Ann's marriage is in serious danger when Captain Sutherland arrives from Scotland determined to destroy Anne Lister's reputation. "Anne Lister and Ann Walker's trip to London is blighted by tension." Besides the financial element of their relationship, there is also the matter of Lister's betrayal earlier in the series. Lister had a fling with her former lover Marianna Lawton (Lydia Leonard) when she went to see her at Lawton Hall. She has yet to admit to cheating to her wife Ms Walker but the truth is bound to come out in the season finale. So how will Lister's beloved wife react when she discovers the truth? Gentleman Jack is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.