Lady Louise Windsor participated in the Royal Windsor Horse Show today. This is said to be the Queen’s favourite annual event. It took place as Her Majesty celebrates 70 years of service.  Both the Queen and Louise’s mother, Sophie Wessex, were in the audience cheering on the 18-year-old royal. For the event, Sophie wore her Me + Em satin cotton ‘AM-PM’ blazer in light khaki. The chic blazer retails for a whopping £275. According to the website, it “adds a polished finish to your chosen look”.  READ MORE: 'Frazzled': Kate Middleton 'un-regal' at Pippa's wedding The description reads: “In satined cotton, it has a subtle, lustrous sheen that contrasts against the Italian gold-toned buttons adorning the narrow double-breasted front.” Sophie then opted for a purple blouse and a long white skirt from Emilia Wickstead. The long white denim skirt was knee-length and also belted at the waist. The gorgeous number sells for an outstanding £715.  Royal fan @jerseydeanne tweeted: “Sophie Wessex is such a proud mum!” Lady Louise, on the other hand, was in her carriage-riding clothes which consisted of a tweed blazer and a long skirt. But it was her silver brooch which was the main attraction of her outfit. The young royal paid tribute to her late great-grandfather, Prince Philip, by wearing her equestrian brooch. This brooch is a nod to her and Philip's shared passion for horse riding, in particular carriage riding, which the teenager was taught by the Duke of Edinburgh.  Louise was particularly close to her late grandfather. They both shared a common interest in carriage driving, at which Louise is very talented. Back in 2019, Philip was pictured proudly watching his granddaughter compete in the Private Driving Singles carriage drive. This was during the Royal Windsor Horse Show of that year, where she achieved third place. She has previously donned this subtle accessory for her grandfather's 30-person funeral in Windsor in 2021. Louise wore the brooch again during the memorial service for the Duke in March of this year.  Due to Louise and Philip’s shared love of carriage driving, the Prince left a gift to his granddaughter. He demonstrated their close bond by leaving Lady Windsor his two Fell ponies. They are called Balmoral Nevis and Notlaw Storm. Philip also left Louise his dark green four-wheeled carriage. The current four-day Royal Windsor Horse Show will include the Gallop Through History performance, which forms part of the official Platinum Jubilee celebrations. 