Prince William "is like a lion" when it comes to protecting his three young children, according to Robert Jobson. The commentator claimed the Duke of Cambridge once confronted a photographer after spotting him around Sandringham whilst on a bike ride with Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis. Mr Jobson suggested Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge helped temper out the "odd man mood" taking over the Duke when it comes to protecting their children's privacy. Speaking to True Royalty's The Royal Beat, he said: "When it comes to his family, he is a lion. "He was out on the Sandringham estate when they were all having a bike ride. "A photographer was seen, the cameraman didn't have his camera out, but William went steaming over and really ripped him off and told him what he thought, and the police moved him on. "He is fiercely protective of his children and that's right. Everyone has their moments." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG  He added: "You can't be this perfect couple all the time in public. "I think she [Kate Middleton] is the perfect foil to that having known him for 20 years. "You can pretty much deal with the odd man mood.” The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are both known to be very active READ MORE: Dr Shola savaged after claiming royal Caribbean tour ‘failed’ Royal commentators have suggested Prince William and Kate adopted a special strategy to ensure their children would not be subjected to the same level of attention he and Prince Harry received. Royal correspondent Emily Andrews told Channel 5 earlier this year: "Photographers, journalists, were given a huge amount of access to William and Harry. "And we know both men have talked about how they found that very difficult. "So when he had his own children, he was absolutely adamant he was not going to allow anything like the level of access to his family that had been allowed to him and Harry." DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle's dad Thomas to visit UK for Platinum Jubilee [LATEST]Queen's Jubilee has been 'tarnished' by monarch's 'puzzling attachment' to Andrew [INSIGHT]Kate  to shake up 'outdated royal rules' as Queen consort [ANALYSIS] She continued: "A masterstroke that William and Kate or their advisors came up with was to utilise Kate's passion for photography. "And so she decided that she would take her own pictures of the children and then these will be released to the papers and to the wider public. "It's PR gold, it still retains that home-spun narrative." Ms Andrews added: "This is not some formal portrait of the Queen or Charles when they were growing up. This is a new, relatable form of royalty."