It has emerged that Laurence Fox, 43, previously labelled the BBC a “corrupt” organisation amid calls for the broadcaster to be defunded in 2022. Laurence then took to Twitter to respond to a post about countryside demographics. The actor shared his views over a post from BBC Countryfile’s account which highlighted “how many black, Asian and minority ethnic groups see the countryside as being a white environment”. Laurence was clearly upset by the post. He consequently retweeted the post at the time in 2020 and added the BBC should be defunded. Laurence said: “Having lived in the countryside for 10 years, I’m fairly confident nature doesn’t give a f*** what colour you are.” READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 In a separate tweet, the activist wrote: “Defund this rubbish. “Nature isn’t racist. Get a grip.” He then signed off the Tweet with #defundtheBBC. Laurence later went back and added: “The @bbc is a corrupt organisation that sows division between friends. “If they want to compete for our appreciation, they should do so within the free market.” The cry to #DefundTheBBC was particularly popular at the time. Laurence is best known for appearing in TV shows such as Lewis, The Frankenstein Chronicles and White Lines. He made headlines in 2020 after appearing on Question Time. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] At the time, he was waging a war against “woke” aspects of culture, predominantly on Twitter. He explained that his views made it difficult for him to get work as an actor. In February 2020 he tweeted: “I find that I wake up in dread of what’s to come. “I’m a fairly private if opinionated person and it’s been very painful and difficult to cope with. “However I also believe passionately in free speech. I stand wholeheartedly by people’s right to express themselves.” “But I am fearing for my future and my ability to provide financially for my children. “A thought that keeps me awake most nights. People tell me it will blow over, but when you are in it, it doesn’t feel like it will...” The star then set up a pattern account so people could support the “un-cancelling” of Lozza Fox by donating money to him each month.