The Repair Shop returned to BBC One for a new episode of the heartfelt series where the team strive to repair guests' treasured items. One couple, Barry and Bernadette, came onto the show to get their unique and sentimental music box repaired as Bernadette had never seen it work. When the couple returned to see what had been done, Bernadette was left in tears and created an emotional reaction for host Jay Blades and expert Steve Fletcher. Walking into the barn, Jay asked what they had brought in for them, with Barry explaining: "It is a musical box. "It's in a bad way, I was in the army, 1961 I joined up, and then we went to Malaysia in 1963 because there was a war in Borneo. "Bernadette wrote to me, she used to write to me, and I bought that because I wanted to buy her something, I was in Malaysia. "I just took to it so much, and I wanted to send it here, but that is how it came back, she got it broken, unfortunately, it was in a mess, and she has never, ever seen it working, in 58 years." READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? Both Jay and Steve were stunned that his wife had never seen her present work, with the host asking what it was meant to do. Barry explained: "So when you open this up, the lights flash, and the wheel goes round," to which Jay clarified: "And when you received it, it wasn't working?" Bernadette confirmed: "Well, the music went, but this was off, and it doesn't fit properly, you don't throw something away that is sent to you by somebody you love, do you? "It was the fact that he sent me something, it didn't matter to me, and I have used it ever since." The couple went on to speak about the first day they met, and both agreed it was love at first sight, with Barry exclaiming: "I fell in love with her as soon as I saw her." Steve took the box and worked his magic to get it working again in order for Bernadette to see it for the first time. Taking the first look, Steve said: "What a great couple Baz and Bernadette are, that is true love, so I have got to get this working. "I am pretty sure there is a clockwork, musical box in there that should play a tune and that mechanism I think will be connected to the wheels that should turn slowly." DON'T MISS...Repair Shop star Jay Blades opens up in emotional update with fiancée [INSIGHT]Jay Blades: The Repair Shop star left 'broken' amid struggles  [LATEST]Jay Blades issues warning over The Repair Shop's success [WATCH] Steve also took the box over to fellow expert and co-star Will Kirk as the woodwork needed repairing. After spending an intricate amount of time on the box and making sure he got it back to its original state, it was time for Barry and Bernadette to collect their item. When asked how they were feeling to see the box again, Bernadette exclaimed: "I can't wait!" with Barry adding: "It has been on display in our house for 54 years of our marriage. "And to me, it represents our lasting love for each other, it is priceless," as Jay asked Barry to lift the cloth off of the box for the big reveal. Bernadette broke down in tears as they looked at the newly repaired box and opened it up to hear the music and see the wheels turn. Jay and Steve also became emotional at their response as they could see how happy they were to see it finally working. Bernadette exclaimed: "Oh my god, ain't it lovely! It is lovely," with Barry telling the experts he was shaking. Bernadette gave her husband a kiss on the cheek before telling Steve: "I can't thank you enough, thank you very, very much! You are a marvel." The Repair Shop airs Wednesday from 8pm on BBC One.