Russian President Vladimir Puitin confirmed the world's worst fears on February 24 when he gave the thumbs-up to 100,000 troops massed on the border of Ukraine to begin a deadly invasion of its neighbour. Putin's troops have left a path of destruction throughout Ukraine, with bloody fighting and missile strikes claiming the lives of thousands of people. But Russia's war plan has been branded a complete failure by many as his troops are being met with fierce Ukrainian resistance and forcing them backwards out of cities they had spent weeks trying to fully occupy. Russia is also thought to have lost more than 20,000 military personnel in the war so far, including dozens of high-ranking colonels - equal to one every two days of the conflict. Nile Gardiner, a foreign policy expert and former aide to Margaret Thatcher, has torn apart the Russian war effort and piled praise on Ukraine's fightback that will "go down in history as an incredible achievement". He told Express.co.uk: "We are looking at the Russians staring defeat in the face in Ukraine. "This has been a spectacular disaster for Putin and Russia's military. "It is one of the most extraordinary military campaigns of the modern era. "The Ukrainian fightback against the Russian invasion will go down in history as an incredible achievement. "The Russians have failed miserably in achieving their objectives. "This is an incredible turning point in history - the humiliation of Russia's military machine, which has been a big embarrassing failure." READ MORE: 'A wise man never urinates against the wind' Boris warned over Brexit There are growing fears Russia could resort to using nuclear weapons in a last-ditch attempt to win the war in Ukraine. But the foreign policy expert believes making such a move would mean the "end for Russia". He said: The reality is the use of nuclear weapons by Russia would be the end of Russia, and they know that. "This has been the state of affairs since World War Two, and every Russian leader since then understands Russia making the first move with a nuclear strike would be the end of Russia. DON'T MISSSpain and Portugal break ranks with Brussels and 'disobey EU' [LATEST]Expert pinpoints when Beijing will try to attack Taiwan [REPORT]POLL: Who do you think would make best Prime Minister now? [POLL] "Even the UK on its own has the ability to cripple Russia with its nuclear arsenal, let alone what the US has at its disposal. "In fact, just defence from the UK alone if the Russians strike Britain would mean the end of Russia." But Mr Gardiner also warned that Putin could be at his most dangerous when his back is against the wall, and that the Russian President will be plotting revenge. He urged the world not to underestimate him and to always remain on guard, comparing Putin to a snake thrashing around in a bag waiting to bite someone. The foregin policy expert said: "Putin is a very angry man these days, always thinking about revenge and all sorts of things. "He remains dangerous, as he always will be, so we have to be on our guard. "We should never underestimate Putin and what he is capable of. "He's like a snake thrashing around in a bag, and snakes still bite."