The Duke of Sussex recently paid tribute to his baby daughter Lilibet Diana when he wore the shirt in a promotional video for his new travel campaign, Travalyst. Royal author Tina Brown Prince Harry had “gone full Goop in Montecito” as she made reference to US actor Gwyneth Paltrow’s wellness brand.  The author of recently published Palace Papers added: “It’s cringe de la cringe.” According to the Urban Dictionary, a girl dad is a “father who wants his daughter(s) to have the same rights, opportunities, and privileges as any boy”. The 37-year-old recently spoke about his beloved children during an appearance on The Today Show. He said: "What do I love about fatherhood? All of it. The chaos, the learning, the reminder of just every element of yourself, your soul, right? “When you are not a parent you can get sucked into all sort of different stuff and you can maybe sometimes forget who you are. And suddenly as a parent, especially now, Archie is at the age he is at, asking all the questions. "I love it. I love every part of it. I've always wanted to be a dad.  READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pick place to stay for UK return “I’ve always wanted to have my own kids and now I have got two little people who I'm responsible for." During the promo video on New Zealand's Maori TV, Harry can be seen wearing a grey t-shirt with the phrase girl dad embroidered onto it. The clip, which is almost five minutes long, sees the Duke jogging through the woods.  DON'T MISS Sussexes 'asked to come' to the Jubilee so Queen could meet their kids [INSIGHT]Sussexes 'still need to be seen as royal' as Netflix deal 'gone bad' [INFO]Charles's takeover 'should be a cause for serious alarm' for Sussexes [COMMENT] The video also features Kiwi actors Rhys Darby, Dave Fane and Rena Owen and promotes the Duke’s new initiative for Travalyst where holidaymakers, rather than holidays, are rated on their level of sustainability. The Duke of Sussex announced the campaign on Maori TV, saying: "The Maori culture inherently understands sustainable practices and how to take better care of our life-giving land, which are critical lessons we can alllearn. For our first campaign, we're encouraging people to flip the script. “We're always being asked for our feedback on our trips and experiences and what would happen if our holiday rated us?  “It's an important question to ask, and we want all of you to help us answer it." The non-profit, founded by Harry in 2019, announced today its "World-Friendly Travel" initiative, which encourages tourists who have been to New Zealand to look back on their actions and rate their behaviours during their trip.  In a video recorded in his Californian home, Harry said: "For our campaign, we are encouraging people to flip the script. We are always being asked for our feedback on our trips and experiences, but what would happen if our holiday rated us? "It's an important question to ask, and we want all of you to help us answer it."