The washing machine drawer sees various types of liquids and powders pass through it on a daily basis. The residue of liquids and fabric softeners are often gunky and thick, meaning it is sometimes difficult to rinse through the compartment fully. This can lead to a build-up of hard residue, providing the perfect environment for black mouldy matter to grow. If not cleaned, the matter can go into the washing machine drum, transferring onto laundry. This was definitely the case when I took my nan’s washing machine drawer out to inspect it. It had black mould all over it along with some gunky residue where the fabric softener goes in. Due to all the nooks and crannies, it took me a long time to decide how to go about cleaning the drawer. READ MORE: How to get a’ healthier’ lawn and avoid extra maintenance over summer After searching through my cleaning cupboard for a suitable product, I settled with The Pink Stuff Miracle Cleaning Paste by Stardrops. I have used the paste for several years and it is a staple in my cleaning routine. Along with an old toothbrush, I lathered the paste all over the washing machine drawer and began to scrub. The mould started to disappear and with a little bit of boiling water, the gunk dissolved. DON'T MISS:‘Surprisingly effective’ way to banish weeds at ‘zero cost’ [EXPERT]Garden plants which can decrease property value by up to 15% [COMMENT]Alan Carr’s life on Kent farm where average house prices are £400k [EXPLAINER] I wasn’t sure whether to soak the drawer or not to begin with, but I opted to scrub the mould instead. The company behind the pink paste claims the list of surfaces it can be used on is “endless”. They said: “The Pink Stuff Miracle Cleaning Paste is perfect for cleaning dirt, grime, and stains on saucepans, cooker tops, sinks, uPVC, barbecues, ceramic tiles, glass, showers, garden furniture, paintwork, boats, brass and rust…the list is endless. “Its natural formulation has been developed to provide high performance without the need for harsh chemicals.” I picked the cleaning product up from B&M where a large tub retails for £1.49, I remember paying around the 89p mark for a smaller tub. The retailer also sells a scrubber brush set with different sized heads to clean nooks and crannies. Overall, the cleaning job took me around five minutes and I wiped the drawer clean with a microfibre cloth. After asking my nan what she thought of the clean drawer, she said: “It looks brand new.” To prevent mould, it is best to clean the drawer once a week. Doing the job weekly means it is only a quick and simple job that won’t require as much scrubbing. I also left the drawer open slightly to allow it to dry out fully, preventing moisture to build-up again. After, I ran a hot cycle with white vinegar to help clean the drum too.