Conversations with Friends is based on the award-winning book of the same name by Irish author Sally Rooney. She created the previous hit series Normal People starring Paul Mescal and Daisy Edgar-Jones. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Conversations with Friends. College student Frances is a shy and aspiring writer who has a strong friendship with her ex-girlfriend Bobbi (played by Sasha Lane). After meeting journalist Melissa (Jemima Kirke) at a poetry reading in Dublin, she grows close to her husband and embark on a passionate affair. Frances is being portrayed by newcomer Alison Oliver who has yet to act in any other series, prior to Conversations with Friends. She will be starring in another series which was recently announced as Best Interests.  READ MORE: Outlander’s Sam Heughan explains dangerous and ‘illegal’ kilt scene Nick is a handsome, yet reserved actor, and husband to Melissa who he cheats on with Frances. Their relationship is further complicated as they regularly start to spend time with Melissa and Bobbi also. Actor Joe Alwyn has starred in The Favourite, A Christmas Carol and Mary Queen of Scots. In terms of his private life, Alwyn has been dating singer Taylor Swift for the past five years.  Bobbi is the ex-girlfriend and close friend of Frances who she regularly writes and performs poetry with. When they first meet Melissa, she openly flirts with her, blurring the boundaries between friendship and romance. Actress Sasha Lane has been in The Miseducation of Cameron Post, Utopia and Loki. Last year, she starred in the movie If I Can't Have Love, I Want Power as well.  DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [CAST]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [EXPLAINER]Casualty's George Rainsford on 'devastating' impact of Huntington's [REACTION] The whole story begins when Melissa compliments Frances and Bobbi on their poetry reading. She has a flirtationship with Bobbi but starts to notice there could be something going on behind her back between her husband Nick and Bobbi as well. One of actress Jemima Kirke's most recent roles was as headteacher Hope Haddon in Sex Education. Her other parts have been in Maniac, Untogether, All These Small Moments and Girls.  As well as the BBC, American streaming service Hulu also worked on the series. Hulu President Beatrice Springborn said: “Sally Rooney perfectly and beautifully captures the complicated dynamics of relationships in her stories. “After bringing that to life in Normal People to an overwhelmingly positive response, we are honoured to do the same with Conversations with Friends.” Conversations with Friends airs every Sunday at 10pm on BBC Three. 