The National Savings and Investment (NS&I) predicts that £138million is expected to be handed out across 4.8 million tax-free prizes. This is a £40million increase on the £98million that was handed out in May 2022. Of the top prizes, 10 are predicted to win £100,000, 19 are estimated to win £50,000, 40 are expected to get their hands on £25,000 and 98 will get £10,000. This is up from the six, 11, 24, and 58 respectively which won in May 2022. There will still only be two lucky winners who take home £1milllion after their bond number is chosen at random as part of the lottery. In May, the NS&I confirmed its plans to increase the fund rate stating that it would come into effect in June 2022. As part of that month's prize draw, a further 1.4 million tax-free prizes were expected to be given out to bond holders. Following the change, the odds of each £1 bond number winning a Premium Bonds prize is to go from 34,500 to one to 24,500 to one. READ MORE: Frozen state pension payments: Half a million pensioners lose out on thousands each year  First introduced in 1956, Premium Bonds is a savings product managed by the NS&I which is an institution backed by HM Treasury. As opposed to other savings accounts, interest is not earned on Premium Bonds with the rate instead funding a monthly prize draw for tax-free prizes. This is because NS&I pays a yearly prize fund rate on Premium Bonds, which is equivalent to a yearly rate of interest. Ian Ackerley, the Chief executive of the NS&I said that the new fund rate ensures Premium Bonds are "priced appropriately" when compared to the interest rates offered by NS&I competitors.    Mr Ackerley said: “It also ensures that we continue to balance the interests of savers, taxpayers and the broader financial services sector. “Premium Bonds customers will benefit from the chance to win a further 1.4 million tax-free prizes each month, as well as the peace of mind that customers get with 100 percent of their NS&I savings being backed by HM Treasury.” NS&I predicts that the number of those getting their hands on the lower end of the prize draw, which consists of winnings from £50 to £5,000, will also increase by a total of 15,315. The news of the increase is supposedly good news for savers, however the Office for National Statistics (ONS) confirmed that inflation had reached a 40-year high of nine percent at the beginning of May.  The Bank of England warned this month that inflation was expected to reach ten percent by the end of this year. This could have a negative effect on Premium Bonds as they don’t pay any interest and so are more vulnerable to inflation than other savings with it possibly lowering the value of what a person has in bonds over time. Interest rates on savings accounts have also been increasing since December last year with the Bank of England announcing it had risen to a 13 year high of one percent this month. NS&I has not changed the rate for Premium Bonds since it cut them to the equivalent of one percent in December 2020. But it has been under increasing pressure to do so to reflect the base rate rises.  The money saving expert Martin Lewis describes investing in Premium Bonds as "not a bad plan" stating on his website that they are "all about your mentality" as they may protect a saver's cash. He also added that even if the returns "don't look a good bet" then some may opt to put a "non-significant portion" of money in them, but they should be "aware it's more for fun than returns". Mr Lewis recommends that Britons planning on investing should use the NS&I's interest calculator to look at the odds and decide whether they're willing to take the gamble after that. Around 22 million Britons hold Premium Bonds which makes it the nation's favourite investment.