 Netflix announced it had dropped Meghan’s animated children’s series earlier this week in an effort to save costs following a loss of subscribers. Meghan and Harry signed an estimated £112million deal with the streaming giant following their decision to step down as senior members of the Royal Family.  The couple are yet to release any content with Netflix despite promising documentaries, children's programmes, scripted shows and feature films. However, Harry’s ‘Heart of Invictus’ about the Invictus Games is still scheduled to be released at some point. In a poll that ran from 10am on Tuesday, May 3, to 11am on Wednesday, May 4, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Netflix cancel deal with Meghan and Harry?” A whopping 7,535 people cast their votes and dozens left comments sharing their thoughts on Meghan and Harry’s Netflix deal. The dominant answer – winning by a landslide of 98.5 percent (7,410 people) – was “yes”, Netflix should cancel their deal. A further 1.5 percent (96 people said “no” and just 29 people said they did not know.  Username DerekPurvissaid: “Cancel as soon as possible before they lose any more subscriptions.” Username ​​LAPhil wrote: “Without doubt, YES.” Another, username joannejp said: “Cancel all future content.” Username KateN wrote: “Yes, total waste of time and money.” And username Mack20 said Netflix “should wake up and cut their losses”. Netflix reported a loss of 200,000 users in the first three months of 2022 and forecasts a loss of two million subscribers in the next three months.  Several readers commented that they had unsubscribed from Netflix as a result of Meghan and Harry’s deal. Username Stickybeak said: “I will never subscribe while these two are being paid by Netflix.” Others said they would consider subscribing to the streaming service again if the deal was cancelled. Username petethecat said: “If Netflix cancels them, then I will subscribe to Netflix again. I cancelled Netflix when they announced the deal.”  And username angiepangie said: “If Netflix did cancel their deal with Meghan and Harry, I reckon a fair few of their subscribers who left them over it would come back.” Netflix said Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects. Meghan and Harry were seen filming for their docu-series Heart Of Invictus at the event in The Hague last month. The series will focus on athletes competing in the Invictus Games for injured veterans and serving military personnel, an event founded by Harry in 2014. DON'T MISS:Number of Britons wanting to ditch monarchy SOARS as bitter Megxit and tour disasters bite [LATEST]Royal Family: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry face 'complete disaster' with fresh blow [UPDATE]Prince Harry 'rethinking' breakaway from Royal Family: ‘Heart is in UK’ [INSIGHT]   Heart of Invictus is due to premiere later this year or early 2023 and will be their first output on the streaming service. Royal correspondent Natalie Oliveri described their lack of content as a "shame”. She told Today Extra: “It is a shame. Harry and Meghan signed with Netflix after leaving the Royal Family, leaving their positions as senior working royals in the Royal Family. “They haven't really done much with Netflix since signing that multi-million dollar deal.” 