The Conservative grandee has not hidden his disdain for Boris Johnson's conduct throughout the pandemic and called for his resignation on at least three occasions. He slammed colleagues "trying to defend the indefensible" after pictures emerges showing Boris Johnson toasting to former aide Lee Cain to mark his departure from Number 10. Sir Roger branded evidence of the Prime Minister's behaviour as "staggering" as he raged at the "lies" the British public was subjected to. The Veteran Conservative backbench said it was clear that he should go. He said: "It's absolutely clear that there was a party, that he attended it, that he was raising a glass to toast one of his colleagues. "And therefore, he misled us from the despatch box. And, honourably, there is one answer." He told Sky News: "I find it depressing that successive Cabinet members are having to be wheeled out to try to defend what, in my view, is indefensible. JUST IN: Cummings highlights glaring flaw in Boris photo defence and calls those backing PM 'thick' Grant Shapps insisted Boris Johnson did not lie to Parliament about the leaving do at which he was pictured raising a toast, because a party was "usually a formally organised thing". The Transport Secretary told ITV's Good Morning Britain: "He did not knowingly lie." Mr Shapps added that Mr Johnson stepped into the leaving do "because his - probably - officials" told him to go and thank the departing member of staff. The Prime Minister then "raises a glass, thanks them, leaves with those red boxes you can see there in the background, and does his work". "So, a party in Downing Street is usually a formally organised thing." Don't miss:This relentless hounding has totally lost its fizz [COMMENT]'He’ll be gone and good riddance!' Labour MP slams Boris over photo [REPORT]'Pathetic!' Brexiteer slams Boris for 'knifing civil servants' [INSIGHT] New photographs of Prime Minister Boris Johnson drinking at a leaving party at his Downing Street residence have been published, reigniting opposition accusations that he breached his own COVID-19 lockdown rules. The photographs, obtained by ITV News, were taken at a gathering in honour of Downing Street's outgoing director of communications Lee Cain in November 2020, an event previously investigated by police for potential breaches of the law. The Met Police last week said they had concluded their investigation on the partying allegations and that 126 fines had been issued. Boris Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were each given a fixed penalty notice.