More than 305,000 people who are on PIP living in Scotland will be moved onto Adult Disability Payment following a phased rollout for new applicants across all 32 local council areas. Adult Disability Payment is a new payment for working age adults under state pension age who already get disability benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP).  People who currently receive adult disability benefits through the DWP will have their awards transferred to Social Security Scotland from the end of August, without any interruptions to their award and will not have to apply for Adult Disability payment. This includes older people who have reached state pension age and are currently receiving PIP or Disability Living Allowance (for adults) from the DWP. People with ongoing awards of PIP do not need to apply for Adult Disability Payment. Their award will be transferred automatically to Social Security Scotland later this year and the DWP will inform them in advance. On their website, the Scottish Government released frequently asked questions from older PIP claimants. One question noted was whether people over state pension age will be moved on to Adult Disability Payment from the end of August. READ MORE: 'Complete joke!' Father left shocked after getting £15k British Gas bill through post Adult Disability Payment will rollout nationwide following the phased launches from August 29, 2022. When can new claimants apply? Depending on where people live, they will be able to apply on or after these dates: To apply for PIP, claimants must have a health condition or disability where they: The DWP will judge the eligibility of someone’s PIP claim on a period of 12 months, looking back for three months and forward for nine months. They must consider if their illness changes over time. People usually need to have lived in Scotland or the rest of the UK for at least two of the last three years and be in the country when they apply. If someone gets or needs help because of their condition, they can consider applying for PIP.Help includes tasks such as preparing, cooking or eating food, managing one's medication, washing, bathing or using the toilet. PIP is usually paid every four weeks unless you are terminally ill, in which case it is paid every week. Mobility PIP is made up of two components - daily living and mobility. Whether someone gets one or both of these and how much depends on how severely their condition affects them. Mobility