Floyd Mayweather pocketed over £34,000 in winnings after betting on Canelo Alvarez to lose to Dmitry Bivol following their fight in the early hours of Sunday morning. Bivol caused a huge upset in Las Vegas, after defeating Alvarez via a unanimous decision. The Mexican boxing legend had made the step up to the light heavyweight division to take on his Russian opponent. However, it was clearly all too much for Alvarez who recorded just his second career defeat after losing to Mayweather all the way back in 2013. Nine years on, the American star once again benefitted from an Alvarez defeat after wagering £8,000 ($10,000) on Russian star Bivol to secure an unlikely win. Post-fight ‘Money’ Mayweather took to social media to share yet another big-money wager win by posting his winning bet slip that showed his £34,000 ($42,500) victory along with the caption: “Easy pick up.” Victory for Bivol means he retains the WBA light-heavyweight crown, and his unbeaten record. The Russian star was no doubt the stronger fighter throughout, and this was reflected by the judges' decision with all three scoring the bout 115-113 in favour of the 31-year-old. Despite his defeat, Alvarez reiterated that he wants another shot at his Russian rival. READ MORE: Anthony Joshua reveals plan for Oleksandr Usyk rematch as he says 'boxing isn't my style' Alvarez was however gracious in defeat, speaking highly of his opponent after the fight. He said: “I have to accept it, it's boxing. He's a great boxer and sometimes in boxing you lose. I'm not going to give any excuses. He's a really good fighter, he comes in and goes out. “I felt his power, it was a great fight and it was a good win for him. He goes in or out, he uses his distance well, I did enough to win, but that's the way it is. I want a rematch, it doesn't stay that way."  When asked about a rematch the Mexican star responded: “Of course. This doesn’t end like this.” And, it seems the feeling was mutual between the pair, as Bivol also seemed keen to take on Alvarez for a second time. The Russian responded: “No problem. I’m ready for the rematch, I just want to make sure that I can be treated like the champion now.” Alvarez was initially expected to take on arch-rival Gennady Golovkin next up in what would be their third meeting in the ring. However it is now expected that the Mexican's attentions remain firmly with a rematch against Bivol following his loss. The rematch is predicted to take place this December on Mexico's independence day.