This comes following previous closure announcements from the bank which will mean 103 branches will be shut down by the end of 2023. Savers are dealing with a wave of bank branch closures across the country as online banking becomes the norm. However, many have voiced concerns about how this will impact people's finances going forward in the long term. On the closures, a Barclays spokesperson said: “We continue to review and adjust our branch footprint to ensure it reflects the way that our customers are increasingly choosing to do their banking. “We will always give 12 weeks’ notice of any branch closures, explaining the rationale for the decision, as well as highlighting alternative branches and ways to bank. “This includes working with the local community to find different, more flexible ways for our colleagues to continue to provide local banking support, such as through pop-up presences.” Many banks are following in Barclays footsteps and closing down stores due to a lack of general footfall. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum Experts cite the impact of the pandemic on consumer behaviours and the slow death of the British high street as reasons as to why this has happened. Other financial institutions which have resorted to branch closures include Lloyds Banking Group, which will shut 28 sites across its Lloyds Bank and Halifax branches this year. HSBC is among the banks doing the same with 69 closures while operations move to online banking. NatWest has also announced it will close 32 sites, which includes 11 Royal Bank of Scotland branches. Finally, TSB will close 70 bank branches.  Among the list of Barclays’ bank branches which are due to close later this year are as follows: Rocio Concha, Which?’s Director of Policy and Advocacy, noted why Barclays latest decision may be difficult for consumers. Ms Concha explained: “Barclays is right to say that consumers' banking habits are becoming more digital. “However, there remains a significant minority, for whom cash is a vital lifeline to pay for everyday essentials and keep track of their spending, that aren't yet ready or willing to make that switch. “While proposals put forward by the banking industry to protect access to cash, such as enhanced Post Offices, were welcome, government legislation to underpin them was vital. “Now that legislation has been announced, the Government must hand the Financial Conduct Authority the powers to ensure that when local communities lose a bank branch, their cash needs are still met.” Those concerned about the future branch closures are encouraged to reach out to Barclays directly for more information. Many people opt to use banking services via the Post Office as a result of the connection with the banks. Banks pay the Post Office to facilitate these services in order to mitigate the impact of branch closures.