One angry customer posted a review on Tripadvisor to complain about "rude" and "overpowering" behaviour from fellow guests at Flamingo Land in Kirby Misperton, North Yorkshire. In comments on the website, the customer, who has posted two Tripadvisor reviews to date, claimed her son was left with a black eye after asking for his ball back and claimed "a different breed" of guest defecated on the floor of communal showers. The reviewer, who posted in April, continued: "They put used sanitary towels on the floor. Pushed in front of the queues of rides. The kids' language was vile. Parents didn't give a damn." A Flamingo Land worker responded to the review with an apology, saying: "I am sorry that a minority of guests had such a negative impact on your visit. "Our security team worked tirelessly to address behaviour that was in breach of our terms of admission. I am sorry that it did not improve your experience rapidly." A second reviewer described being "very pleased" by the park rides and staff, but said they had to leave early with their two children aged five and seven months.  They wrote: "I know you can’t control who comes and stays at the park, but we felt like we were on a travellers' site and didn’t dare let our children play outside the caravan. "[There] were young, underage children driving cars around the park all day and night (even blasting their horn at 12.30am shouting, 'Wake up caravaners'). "The music and language from them should not be heard by adults let alone little ears." They continued: "It's safe to say that we both said enough is enough and packed up and left."  READ MORE ABOUT THE POUND FACING AN 'EXISTENTIAL' CRISIS  A Flamingo Land customer care worker replied with an apology, adding that "offenders" were removed from the site. Another reviewer described "huge gangs of feral kids and teens roaming the park and queue-jumping with impunity". Flamingo Land, which is hosting a Platinum Jubilee celebration from Thursday to Sunday, issued another apology on the Tripadvisor review. It said security teams worked hard to remove guests breaching its admission terms.  DON'T MISS: Police officer taken to hospital after car and bus crash [LATEST] Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal [REVEALED] Prince Harry to run back to UK 'with tail between legs' as 'not happy' [REPORT]  One visitor, who wished to remain anonymous, took his wife and two children to the caravan park for Easter bank holiday weekend in the hopes of a relaxing break. He told The Sun: "We got to the site, took a spot out of the way and set the caravan up. Within half an hour I knew we weren't going to have a relaxing stay. "There were kids flying around on electric scooters and booting balls around, but it was the language that you heard from them as well." "I said to my wife, 'Have you heard the language on some of those kids'. 'F's, 'C's, everything, and that was within the first 30 minutes."  He said: "About half one in the morning the kids were driving around, blasting the car horn and shouting 'Caravanners, wake up!' "Then the adults were blaring music and swearing, and as they got more drunk they sounded more aggressive." He added that the family cut the £300 trip short after the parents felt the behaviour posed a risk to their children's safety. The father of two from North Yorkshire said: "It was just like being on a traveller site; it was lawless. Broken glass and dog muck.  "We had that moment parents have where you look at each other and say, 'That's enough'." Other guests, however, praised Flamingo Land staff with one Tripadvisor reviewer saying they had "a fabulous day" with their children. Flamingo Land has been approached for comment. 