HBO’s award-winning comedy thriller series The Flight Attendant aired its season two finale on Thursday with a satisfying conclusion. As the Kaley Cuoco lead series came to a close, a title card paid tribute to Robert Andrew Reeves.  After the finale titled ‘Backwards and Forwards’ ended, the titled card paid a special tribute to an important member of the show’s team, Robert Andrew Reeves. The card read: “In loving memory of our friend and co-worker,” which highlighted he was loved by all. Having worked in the entertainment industry since 1991, Robert worked on the set of The Flight Attendant as a Unit Production Manager. He was an essential member of the crew with a key role throughout season two, as he was responsible for the business side of production. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? With the responsibility for the show’s budget, schedule, and the general managing of the controlled frenzy of the set, Robert could be considered one of the many unsung heroes of the show. Robert’s role in the series was of immense importance as season two was a lot bigger than its first instalment as it was set in more locations. There was also the important task of ensuring things ran smoothly as production was required to shoot the different versions of Cassie (played by Kaley Cuoco). Robert proved to be a dedicated member of the team and was able to successfully accomplish this during the midst of a global pandemic while ensuring everyone was safe. Robert tragically died earlier this month at his home in Los Angeles, California. As well as leaving behind a huge legacy and a myriad of film and TV credits, he was survived by his mother, Martha, daughter, Zoe, Zoe’s mother Jennifer Lence, and brother Michael. His obituary, which was published in the LA Times, also paid a special tribute to him and described him as a “confident, direct and a respected leader and colleague to the cast and crews with whom he worked”. It continued: “He was a knowledgeable conversationalist with diverse interests ranging from the stock market to art. He had a wonderful dry wit and a huge heart. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]The Flight Attendant’s abusive father ‘like a real dad’ between scenes [INSIGHT]The Flight Attendant: Young Cassie star on playing child alcoholic [INSIGHT] “The biggest joy of Robert's life was his young daughter Zoe, with whom he shared his sense of humour and love of art. “Together they made crafts and spent many days at Santa Monica Beach. He was a kind, fun, supportive and loving father to Zoe who adored him. “He is survived by her, his mother Martha, brother Michael and Zoe's mother, Jennifer Lence. “His death is a great loss to us all and he will be truly missed.” Multiple people he had worked with and inspired throughout the years shared their memories of Robert as they sent their condolences to his loved ones. One wrote: “I don't know if he ever knew this, but he changed my life and the course of my career with a single phone call when he offered me the job of a production assistant on that show. They added: “He helped me grow and taught me the ins and outs of entertainment and I will never forget him for giving me the opportunity of a lifetime.” Another stated: “I had the pleasure of working with Rob on Training Day, and it seems like every time I saw him, he had a great story. He was the nicest guy!” The Flight Attendant is available on HBO Max in the US and is available on Sky Max in the UK.  