Megan McCubbin will be back on BBC Two screens on Monday alongside Chris Packham, Michaela Strachan and Iolo Williams. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press ahead of Springwatch’s return, Megan shared her tips for how animal lovers can make their outside space as hospitable as possible. The conservationist urged gardeners to think about water sources in outdoor spaces. Megan began: “All wildlife needs is water. Whatever size outdoor area you have, it might be a balcony, it might be a small garden, it might be a rather large garden, you can put out sources of water that is going to help animals, particularly in the spring and summer when it is hot when they are exhausted rearing young. “You are going to attract birds that are going to come and have a drink or a bath, you are going to attract all sorts of invertebrate life if you can sink a washing up bowl. "If you have got a small garden, it really doesn’t have to be big or expensive, a washing up bowl in the ground, put a ramp in it so things can get in and out if they fall into it, oxygenating plants help, a few pebbles so animals have somewhere to hide. Read more: Chris Packham rages at Jacob Rees-Mogg over 'cruel' policy reversal “You will find that within a matter of weeks you could have frogspawn, you could have toads visiting, you could have things that you never thought possible in your garden and it happens really quickly.” She continued: “The moment you put a bird feeder up, the moment you put a water source in, the moment that you leave just a corner or a patch of your garden slightly untidy, what the most incredible thing is how fast it is recolonised and reclaimed by nature and it is something that people are often surprised at. “But, once you have done it, I don’t think you will ever go back.” Megan, Chris, Michaela and Iolo share with viewers the best of the season’s wildlife three times a year. However, Megan admitted she struggled to choose her favourite out of Springwatch, Autumnwatch and Winterwatch. Megan explained: “Whenever you are asked your favourite it is always difficult to pick one. “But I think spring because in those three weeks, we can go into the stories in-depth and really sink our teeth into them and give our hearts to a lot of the animals and whether they survive or don’t, it can be quite an amazing roller coaster. “While Chris says that it is predictable, it is also unpredictable because you think what is going to happen? DON'T MISSCountryfile's Hamza Yassin 'nervous' to work with celebrities [INTERVIEW] ‘Come on!' Jeremy Clarkson hits out at Chris Packham's farmer remark  [INSIGHT]Gary Lineker responds as Chris Packham issues calls for his help [INSIGHT] “Are those chicks going to fledge ok? Will it survive to adulthood and how much are we going to get to see?” “So, it is always quite exciting to try and guess when things are going to fledge and when things are going to happen. “But I have to admit I do like winter, I think the scenes in winter are absolutely beautiful and it amazes me that largely the toughest time of year, the resources are low and it's cold. “But the adaptations and the way that animals can survive is remarkable and it never ceases to amaze me. “We might have snow, we might have the coldest winter or the wettest winter, which obviously we are facing quite a lot of that with climate change, it is incredible to see how animals survive that and push through it.” In the first instalment of Springwatch, Chris and Michaela return to Wild Ken Hill in Norfolk. Iolo will be on the Isle of Mull focussing on eagles, otters and orca while Megan heads off on a road trip around the northeast of England. She’ll be visiting Kielder Forest, Hauxley Nature Reserve and Newcastle city centre. Springwatch returns to BBC Two on Monday at 8pm.