New figures show forces in England and Wales are indeed taking longer to attend serious offences. Police officers are 28 per cent slower to attend 999 emergencies than they were six years ago. During that critical time anything could happen, particularly in crimes involving violence. There's more. Crimes leading to a charge or court summons fell by 40 per cent from 2015 to 2021, sometimes leaving citizens to do their own detective work. And further figures compound the sorry tale. Police solved just five per cent of burglaries in England and Wales in 2021 and over the past four years, rape prosecutions have fallen by 70 per cent. This is far from good enough. Of course, it is difficult being a police officer in challenging times, and forces do wonderful work, particularly with the most serious crimes. But these figures provide a major challenge to forces and the Government. PM Boris Johnson has said tackling crime is a "top priority", and is continuing to recruit more officers. But it's high time we started to see better results. The Tory Party was once the party of law and order and it should oversee the rebuilding of the trust between the police and the public. As the half-term holidays began this weekend, British travellers encountered chaotic scenes of endless queues and cancelled planes. Bristol, Gatwick, Stansted and Manchester were among the airports most badly affected, with holiday dreams dashed and families split. These problems largely stem from the labour shortage caused by the pandemic, when thousands of jobs were lost and not refilled. These include everyone from air crew to check-in staff, who may yet go on strike for more pay this summer. In a move bound to irritate, managers at one airport blamed passengers for arriving too early. With some urgency, staff must be recruited and paid properly. If it means holiday prices rise, so be it. As we move into a first summer of travel freedom since Covid, this airport chaos must be solved. We all knew that the British were mad on pets, and now it has been proven. A poll has found Britons donate £6.5billion a year to animal-related good causes, meaning that some 58 per cent of the £11.3billion annual charity take goes towards our distressed four-legged friends. One of the most famous charities, Battersea Dogs and Cats Home, raised a mighty £52million in 2020. Sterling work - but don't forget the humans.