On the Ask Martin Podcast this week, the money saving expert answered listener questions on the Bank of England base rate rise - and what it means for people’s money. He explained that the recent interest rate hike to one percent could affect people’s finances – from mortgages to bank loans to store cards. Rob from London called in, and asked Mr Lewis if he should be prioritising paying off his mortgage. He said: “Hi Martin, I’m lucky enough to be able to pay off my mortgage with my entire savings. “Should I use all my savings?” The consumer finance specialist shared with Rob what his “easy answer” was. READ MORE: NS&I shares 'important thing to look out for' to check if email is a scam He continued: “The two caveats to that is that I’d always keep three to six months worth of funds asides in an emergency fund in a savings account. “Make sure you don’t have any early repayment penalties on this. “If you can clear most of it with a bit of an emergency fund left over and the mortgage rate is high then get rid of it.” The amount of money within an emergency fund worth three to six months will vary for every person. This will depend on their lifestyle, monthly costs, income, and dependents. Mr Lewis added: “Or if it’s not, you might want to keep it until any fixed or cheap deals you’re on ends, and put the money you have in savings to earn more in the meanwhile. “Then move it when it does end because by the time it comes to remortgaging the rate will probably be higher than you can get on savings.” Mr Lewis has urged homeowners to check their mortgage after the Bank of England raised interest rates for the fourth consecutive time last week. The consumer expert said those on variable tariffs have around 30-days to shop around before their bills rise, while others on soon-to-expire fixed deals may want to consider locking in a new tariff now. “The cheapest rates have disappeared - if your fix ends soon-ish or you're on the standard rate, check NOW if you can save," explained Mr Lewis in Wednesday's MSE newsletter. "The 0.25 percent point base rate increase will likely take a month to feed through to most standard variable rates (SVRs), though some tracker rates have already gone up. "It will add roughly £12/mth per £100,000 of mortgage," Mr Lewis added. Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip.