Novak Djokovic has revealed he ‘feels perfect’ ahead of the upcoming French Open, in a clear message to long-time rival Rafael Nadal. There had been recent concern that Djokovic was struggling with his fitness ahead of the second Grand Slam of the campaign, especially after having such a stop-start 2022. The Serbian has put any worries to bed now though, confirming that he ‘feels perfect’ following his first victory of 2022 at the Italian Open. Djokovic put in a scintillating performance during Sunday’s final as he defeated Stefanos Tsitsipas 6-0, 7-6. The victory was exactly what the world No. 1 needed as he steps up his preparation for the Roland Garros event in a week's time. As well as giving his fans plenty to cheer about with his performance, Djokovic also gave some much needed promising news on his fitness. Speaking after his finale victory he said: “I think physically I really felt really good from Madrid onwards.Already there I felt like the physical issues that I was facing in Monte-Carlo and Serbia are behind me. I put in a lot of fitness hours between Serbia and Madrid. I had a week of training. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic named tennis GOAT over Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer by Stefanos Tsitsipas “I knew that it wasn’t something related to my fitness, it was more related to the health issue, the illness I had just before the Monte-Carlo tournament. It turned out to be correct. I didn’t have any fitness issues. It was just those traces of the illness that I had. Right now I feel perfect.” Whilst Djokovic’s fitness looks to be in a good place ahead of Roland Garros, the same can not be said for arch-rival Nadal. The Spaniard was dealt an early exit whilst competing in Rome after losing Denis Shapovalov, where it seemed his long-standing foot problem flared up. DON'T MISSDjokovic's son was busy playing tournament while Serb won Italian OpenMurray withdraws from French Open as Wimbledon proirity despite threatDaniil Medvedev return date set in huge boost ahead of French Open  Speaking afterwards Nadal confirmed he would have to be joined by his doctor when out in France for the Grand Slam event. He commented: “The first thing that I need to do is to [not] have pain to practise, that's it… It's true that during the French Open, Roland Garros, I’m going to have my doctor there with me. That sometimes helps because you can do things. “In the positive days and in the negative days, you need to stay and to value all the things that happened to me in a positive way. Then days like today [Thursday], just accept and try to keep going even if sometimes it's not easy for me.” 