Boris Johnson has already been issued with a fixed-penalty notice (FPN) for breaking lockdown rules in Downing Street, for which he has apologised. Sir Keir said in a statement on May 9: “If the police decide to issue me with a FPN, I would of course do the right thing and step down.” At the time, critics suggested the Labour leader had not gone far enough, by pledging to resign only if he was fined, not it had breached rules but was not issued with an FPN. The Guardian labelled this a “loophole”. But he has now gone further with his pledge, insisting: “In the event I'm wrong, and that the police say I have done something wrong, then I will step down.” Sir Keir, quoted in a post on Twitter by Rachel Wearmouth from the Mirror, said: “My instinct as soon as I knew that Durham had decided they were going to reopen this investigation, in my heart I knew what I was going to say, which is, if I'm wrong, and they find I have broken the law, then I'll do the right thing and step down. “I came into politics late in life having done other things. "I came in to make a difference and I want to show that we're not all the same and that, in the event I'm wrong and that the police say I have done something wrong, then I will step down.” He described this as the “honourable thing”. READ MORE: Scholz's pays price for 'ignoring price shocks' The Mail on Sunday’s Dan Hodges said this “appears to be a major change”. He later noted, however, that “Starmer’s team claim there is no change in his position”. Mr Hodges cited a Labour figure in a post on Twitter who said: “An FPN is the only outcome if they conclude he broke the rules.” DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Reports over both ‘Partygate’ and ‘Beergate’ have dominated the news agenda for some months. Despite this, there are some questions over the extent to which the public cares – or, perhaps, is surprised by – allegations being made against the leaders of both the main political parties. Matt, a musician from Stoke, told Express.co.uk earlier this month when asked about ‘Partygate’: “I haven’t got a clue what it is.” He was far more concerned by the impact lockdown has had on his career. Matt said: “‘I'm a musician, so the handling of the Covid pandemic really impacted my livelihood. “I think that [rather than reports of lockdown rule breaking] has a massive sway on how I find [the main political parties].”