Orla (played by Carla Mendonça) has become more of a regular character on Coronation Street recently as she is the Deputy Headmistress of Weatherfield High. The newcomer has been involved in storylines with Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) and Nicky Wheatley (Kimberley Hart Simpson) after she mistakingly thought they were a couple before firing the latter after discovering she had a past as a sex worker. It seems she could be sticking around as she mentioned more about her family life in Monday's instalment of the ITV soap and in particular, a sister who she hasn't spoken to for 15 years. Viewers discovered this information at the start of the episode as Orla spoke with Daniel after noticing something was playing on his mind. "You've seemed a little troubled lately and I was wondering if there was anything you wanted to talk about?" she asked the father of one. "I didn't think it was that obvious. It's nothing to do with the job, I'm just [struggling] with family issues," he replied. Offering some insight into her life, Orla said: "Trust me, I've been there. I have a sister who I haven't spoken to for 15 years." "Why's that?" Daniel asked to which his boss replied: "There are several reasons really but mostly because she is a lying, vindictive, spiteful trollop with a stone where her heart should be." READ MORE: Tipping Point's Ben Shephard blasts Boris in coin machine comparison Not much is known about Orla so viewers wouldn't have thought she could be linked to someone who used to appear on the show. Between the years of 2017 and 2020, Moira Pollock (Louiza Patikas), was a resident of the cobbles who found herself nosing into everyone's business. She struck up friendships with the likes of Liz McDonald (Beverly Callard) and Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver), but she often left them annoyed. Moira wouldn't only spread gossip but she would feel she had interfered in their lives and offered her perspective on everything. In recent years, she seems to have vanished from the cobbles with no clear indication of how the character left Weatherfield. Moira was beloved by fans during her time on the show and they have taken to social media recently to all for her return. Michelle wrote on Twitter: "I miss Queen Moira bring her back @itvcorrie #Corrie," with Corrie Art posting: "Anyone seen this lady? Does she still live in Weatherfield? #Corrie." LorriC added: "Did Moira actually have a leaving scene or is she meant to still be working in the medical centre we never see now?" Script To Scene commented: "I would love if she just randomly pop up without any spoilers," with Gaz stating: "Brilliant character! Hope she pops up again." It could be she is going to come back as Orla's estranged sister as Daniel brings them back together after so many years apart. DON'T MISS...Corrie's Antony Cotton accidentally lets HUGE soap spoiler slip [COMMENT]Chris Gascoyne health: Coronation Street actor on 'alcohol problems' [COMMENT]Corrie's Suranne Jones stopped driving due to panic attacks [COMMENT] If Moira is still working at the medical centre, Daniel could track her down after doing some research on Orla's family tree. As he brings the two sisters back together, it could be very tense as more about both of their backstories are revealed. It could be Moria stole the man Orla fell in love with before marrying her husband, meaning she felt she settled for second best. With her current marriage falling apart, she could blame Moira for everything which has gone wrong in her life and for making her miserable. Known for being stubborn, Moira could refuse to back down over what she did and tell her sister she did nothing wrong. This feud could make for a comical storyline as the two sisters feature more regularly on the show as a new cobbles family. Moira didn't have many storylines during her initial time on the show so she could take centre stage in some bigger ones in the coming months. They could be some of the new characters brought in to live on the Weatherfield Precinct, which is currently being constructed. Speaking about the new storylines set to spin from the new location, executive producer Iain MacLeod said: "The fabled Weatherfield Precinct has been much discussed, but little-seen on the show in our 61 years, and I am really excited to be expanding the Coronation Street universe. "The plans for the shopping area are drawn directly from the real-world Salford environs that inspired the show’s creator Tony Warren and exemplify the authenticity and ambition we still prize as we move to hour-long episodes this week." Production designer Rosie Mullins-Hoyle added: "The build is being led by myself and Construction Manager Keith Eccleston. "It's a fantastic opportunity to use some of the amazing behind the scene talents we have on the show with bespoke joinery, scenic artwork, graphic design and set dressing skills all being involved. "I cannot wait to meet the characters that may call it home and see the businesses that will be created and the storytelling potential of an old but new part of Weatherfield." So will Orla and her estranged sister Moira be seeing a lot more of each other? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.