He’s known to his millions of subscribers as the car geek with an assortment of catchphrases and a love of ‘quirks and features’. But Doug DeMuro has amassed a huge fortune from reviewing cars armed with just a phone and a tripod. The 33 year-old former website writer has been reviewing cars on his youtube channel for the past nine years, building an army of fans while driving the most valuable cars in the world. And he’s done pretty well out of it to say the least, with 4.4million subscribers, his own car-auction website and a personal collection of eight cars, including a 2005 Ford GT worth £350,000. The Colorado-born blogger is now estimated to have a personal fortune in the region of $4million (£3.2million) and even has his own range of merchandise. DeMuro has, in the main, done it all himself, only hiring an assistant to sift through emails and a video editor in the past eighteen months. READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine But it’s that DIY style that seems to have endeared him to so many, along with his familiar wardrobe that consists entirely of cargo shorts and one T-shirt worn on top of another. DeMuro’s introduction to each car in his videos is a now much-copied “Thissss is a…” followed by whichever supercar he has his hands on that week. And the list of exotic vehicles reviewed by the six feet four inch American is quite staggering. They include the legendary McLaren F1, Bugatti Chirons, Koenigseggs, a Pagani Huarya and a Ferrari Enzo among hundreds more. That’s aside from the more unusual and classic cars featured in his videos, from armoured military vehicles to the Back to the Future DeLorean. His technique has remained refreshingly simple while the millions of viewers have been racked up however, with DeMuro using only an iphone on a tripod which he operates himself. His enthusiasm for the subject matter is infectious however - he will scour every inch of a car to find examples of what he calls “quirks and features” and seems just as happy to discover a hidden cup holder as he does testing top speeds. He started his automotive career working for Porsche in North America moving cars around, only to give that up for a writing job on a car website. It was there he found something of a following and started to make videos, including memorably showing his hatred of the Chrysler PT cruiser by crushing it with a yellow Hummer. Then he famously bought an old Range Rover with a ‘bumper to bumper’ warranty, which he proceeded to take advantage of to the tune of tens of thousands of dollars whenever the vehicle broke, which was often. That was followed by his taking out a huge bank loan to buy a Ferrari 360, which filmed himself driving around to see if it would help attract women (it didn’t.) In 2020 he took advantage of his new-found celebrity status to launch auction site ‘Cars and Bids’ which he now advertises at the start of each youtube video. The site is exclusively for selling what he calls “cool cars from the 1980s and upwards.” In just the first six months of business, more than $8.5million worth of cars were sold through the site. DeMuro said: “All of those of us who make a living on YouTube are fearful that someday it will come to an end.” The way he is going, that day is unlikely to come very soon.