Chelsea reportedly fear N'Golo Kante could be among a potential exodus of stars as uncertainty surrounding the club's ownership continues to rumble on. The sanctions imposed upon current owner Roman Abramovich have already been cited as a factor behind the club's failure to tie Antonio Rudiger down to a new deal and there are growing concerns he may well be followed out of the door by more of the Blues' big names.   According to The Sun, Chelsea harbour concerns that their Champions League-winning squad from last season could well be broken up this summer as the club's restrictions continue to take their toll. The lengthy list of Chelsea stars who could potentially depart is believed to include the likes of midfield mainstays Kante and Jorginho. Several senior players are said to be 'gutted' Rudiger will depart for Real Madrid in the summer, with some understood to be sceptical of suggestions the sanctions placed upon the club are the reason an agreement was not reached with the 29-year-old. The Blues are also poised to lose Andreas Christensen to Barcelona on a free transfer come the end of the season. The club's failure to tie such key personnel down to new deals prior to the UK Government's sanctions being imposed is understood to be a concern within the dressing room. Both Kante and Jorginho will see their contracts expire in the summer of 2023, leaving the Blues in a precarious position. READ MORE: Chelsea 'in danger of Premier League expulsion' amid Abramovich drama  On top of that, Mason Mount's current deal ends the year after, with both Liverpool and Manchester City understood to be monitoring his situation. Question marks also remain over the future of Cesar Azpilicueta, despite Chelsea having triggered a 12-month extension clause. Insiders at Stamford Bridge are said to view the club's ongoing turmoil as factors behind the club's poor run of form, too. The Blues have only claimed one win in their last four Premier League matches, courtesy of Christian Pulisic's last-minute winner in a 1-0 success over West Ham. Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel has himself openly expressed fears over the drawn-out sale process, admitting the Blues face a "dangerous" summer transfer window. The German recently confessed: “I would be less concerned if we had the same ownership and we could rely on our structure. But this is also in question. DON'T MISSLoftus-Cheek to be offered Chelsea escape route after Tuchel commentsPulisic 'one of three Chelsea players' Juventus keen to signChelsea boss Tuchel must turn four things around after loss   “We are not concerned but aware of the danger that the situation is maybe a bit more complex. It can be complex enough if you lose a player like Tony and maybe lose another one like Andreas. “The key thing is that we keep the mentality here in the building and in the club, the competitive mentality. It is a bit concerning and let’s hope we can find our way through." 