In 2020, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made a decision to step down as senior working royals. Their decision prompted a move to the US to begin a new life and to work to "become financially independent". Since their exit, the couple have received ongoing backlash and their popularity has plummeted. Following a new poll that has revealed their popularity has decreased, the pair have been warned by the Daily Mail's Consultant Editor Andrew Pierce to "start behaving like royals [again]" in order to win back the British public. Speaking on GB News this week, Mr Pierce was asked by the show's host Rosie Wright "what it would take" for the couple to be forgiven by the British public. Mr Pierce answered: "I think they need to start, doing some work again, behaving like royals instead of just behaving like they want to make lots of money out of their royal connections". He then discussed a new royal popularity poll that was conducted over the weekend. He said: "The poll showed the Queen's popularity at 86 percent. READ MORE: Prince Harry to run back to UK 'with tail between legs' as Duke not 'totally happy' in US "The second most popular royal [was] Catherine Middleton, no surprise there. "Charles up at about 70 percent. "Harry's down at 11 [percent], Meghan's at 6 percent". Mr Pierce continued: "So all the criticism, all that they have made of the Royal Family, hasn't damaged the institution of the monarchy at all, it's damaged them. "So I think that's why they've got to look very carefully at how they behave". READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Over-possessive' Fears erupt over Meghan's 'smothering' behaviour The poll was conducted by Ipsos and showed the 96-year-old monarch remained the most popular member of the Royal Family. The survye was carried out the last week of May and involved 1,039 British adults. Prince Harry and Meghan announced their royal exit in January 2020, via a released statement on their official Instagram account. The statement read that they intended "to step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family". DON'T MISS They wanted to "work to become financially independent", but to continue to "fully support Her Majesty The Queen". They claimed their decision came "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". Since their departure, the couple now live in the US with their two young children, three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, who turns one over the Jubilee weekend. The couple and their children are due to fly to the UK this week to help celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. 1,039