What makes "sensible and practical" Taurus a fan of cleaning equipment? And why would an "indecisive and vain" Gemini prefer cleaning glass surfaces? British design company, Joseph Joseph, and Astrologer Emily Thornton of Solar Sister Tarot have shared a handy guide to the perfect cleaning task and star sign pairing. Fire sign Aries is full of "energy" and likes to undertake several new projects. However, this means that often they get bored and leave a task unfinished. For this reason, laundry is the perfect chore for this sign as it includes several tasks rather than just one. Even though this sign can be "lazy" and doesn't love to clean, they are "grounded, sensible and practical", so will always make sure to schedule a weekly clean. Cleaning their cleaning equipment is something Taurus can get behind because they can take their time doing it and they love nothing more than a "deep, thorough clean". READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Pisces is 'especially hurt by deception' in love Twin personality Gemini doesn't find it easy to make up their mind - apart from in a cleaning context. This is because they see cleaning time as "quality 'me' time. Cleaning a mirror is a short, easy task, which Gemini loves, and another plus is that "they can chat to themselves in the mirror". "Homely" Cancer loves a nice, fresh bed, and is very house proud, so an immaculate looking bed is the perfect place to start for this sign. In contrast, this sign hates "clearing" away mess, so should leave that to another sign - maybe excellent organiser Scorpio. If Leo is being perfectly honest, they would rather just delegate, as they'd rather do something more "exciting" than chores. But if they have to clean something, this sign opts for the dishes. This is so they can pop on their headphones and listen to music to liven up the job a bit. Of all the signs, Virgo is the most "simple, straightforward and no-nonsense", and enjoys mopping the floors because it is a "grounding" exercise. These "perfectionists" also love a thorough clean and will get into every nook and cranny. Libra is typically an "ideas" person, and easy to get on with, so their best task is overseeing the operation. "They will keep everyone happy by congratulating them on what a great job they’ve done." Scorpio (October 23rd - November 21st) - Organising The very "deep and thoughtful" Scorpio enjoys "responsibility and being in control". Creative and crafty, this sign can easily "get lost in creating something beautiful", like a neat, tidy and colour coordinated wardrobe, for example. Cleaning isn't exactly a top priority for this sign so instead likes to get out in nature. "They seek wanderlust and would enjoy being able to gaze up at the blue skies and feel the sun kiss their skin." This sign won't clean until necessary - when they have no clean dishes left to eat from. Capricorn cleans mainly so they can be praised for it, but that doesn't mean they don't do a good job. But their "high energy, drive and motivation" means they are best tasked with the job of sweeping up. Thoughtful and "compassionate" Aquarius knows that this cleaning task may not be the most popular, so is happy to take it off others' hands. But they also like not to rush things, and dusting is an ideal task to do at leisure. Finally, Pisces, as the final sign of the zodiac, has "learned all the lessons from the other star signs". So they have no trouble taking on the task of deep cleaning the bath, leaving less hands on tasks to other signs. "Bath bombs and other materials can be hard to remove so they’ll feel properly rewarded once it’s scrubbed clean and they can relax in a bubble bath after a long day of cleaning." Plus, water lover Pisces probably spends a lot of time in the bath - so it's only fair that they clean it!