Manchester United would demand a minimum of £60million in order to part ways with Marcus Rashford, according to reports. The England international has endured a difficult campaign under both Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And Arsenal and Newcastle are among the clubs keeping tabs on his situation. Big things were expected of Rashford this season but the United star has scored just five goals across all competitions and is currently way down Rangnick’s pecking order. And, now, 90min say the Red Devils would expect a minimum sale price of £60m if they allow him to depart. Rashford has been a key figure for United since bursting onto the scene under Louis van Gaal back in the 2015/2016 campaign. However, he’s regressed over the past 18 months and currently appears to be a shadow of his former self. Rashford, for his part, is waiting to speak with Erik ten Hag before making a definitive decision on his future. The 24-year-old knows that, with the World Cup in Qatar creeping closer, he can’t afford to warm the bench much longer. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Rashford would, in an ideal world, like to stay at United for the long term. However, he’s apparently been ‘left frustrated’ by the last few years at the club and their failure to win the biggest trophies on offer. Rashford is one of the players unsure over Ten Hag’s appointment given how much Rangnick advocated for the 52-year-old behind the scenes. Arsenal are one club interested in snapping up the striker, with Mikel Arteta yet to replace Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The Gunners are pushing to land Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City but, if that fails, Rashford would be a good alternative. Newcastle also ‘can’t be ruled out’ with the Toon looking to make a statement signing. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Rashford would fit the bill, with the United star still one of the biggest names in the whole of world football due to his work on and off the pitch. However, interest from abroad is said to be ‘even stronger’. Paris Saint-Germain are circling, especially if Kylian Mbappe leaves for Real Madrid on a free transfer. And Barcelona, who came close to landing Rashford back in the summer transfer window of 2019, are also in the frame. Speaking on Monday night, meanwhile, Roy Keane expressed a belief that Rashford had lost ‘hunger’ at United. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Whether it’s [being] short on confidence, we’ve seen his quality before but we’ve not seen it for a year or two,” said Keane on Sky Sports. “But it doesn’t look like he’s matured enough. “We’ve seen a few games recently, when he was playing at Liverpool through the middle, I said he was playing like a child. “It’s as if he’s not learnt about the game. He’s drifting. He’s lost the hunger. “These young players get a lot of money and good luck to them, but I think he’s lost the eye of the tiger and he’s struggling to get it back.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he added: “I think he’s taken his eye off the ball, whatever [it is] with his off-the-field stuff. “Rashford has been around for a few years now, he’s got that experience and played international football. “Wherever Man United want to go, Marcus is being left behind. “He’s left out again tonight and he must be sitting on the bench going ‘where has it all gone wrong for me?’. He can get it back, he’s shown it before, but sometimes when you do lose it, it is hard to get it back. “He’s got to get the hunger back into his game and make the runs like we’ve seen tonight from Elanga. Rashford has lost that bit of hunger, which is huge for a player. He is a talent but we’re not seeing it.”