The Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year, with festivities culminating in a special, four-day weekend this week. On Thursday, celebrations will kick off with the monarch’s annual birthday parade — Trooping the Colour. Events throughout the weekend include a Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, nationwide Big Jubilee Lunches and the grand finale — the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Her Majesty is the longest-reigning British monarch, and since she ascended the throne in 1953, both the UK and the world have changed remarkably. Speaking during the recent BBC documentary, ‘Elizabeth: The Unseen Queen’, the monarch said: “I have lived long enough to know that things never remain quite the same for very long.” In an old recording, the Queen continued: “No one can make history stand still. Events and situations change with startling speed.” Here are some of the most significant changes Her Majesty has seen during her historic reign. What was once a sprawling British Empire is now a smaller Commonwealth, and while the empire still existed when Elizabeth took the throne, it was at crisis point. Britain had more than 70 countries overseas, but the Government recognised that it would need to give up some power to colonies in order to survive. During the Sixties, the country gave up colony after colony and now, Elizabeth is the monarch of 16 countries known as the Commonwealth realms. In 1953, she said: “The Commonwealth bears no resemblance to the empires of the past. “It is an entirely new conception, built on the highest qualities of the spirit of man: friendship, loyalty and the desire for freedom and peace. “To that new conception of an equal partnership of nations and races I shall give myself heart and soul every day of my life.” Today the monarchy faces new calls for reparations from the Commonwealth, with Barbados recently becoming a republic and other nations expected to follow. After a difficult tour of the Commonwealth's Caribbean nations earlier this year, Prince William said: "Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn't what is on my mind. "What matters to us is the potential the Commonwealth family has to create a better future for the people who form it, and our commitment to serve and support as best we can." It has brought about questions about whether the Commonwealth has a future when Queen Elizabeth II's reign is over. At the time of Elizabeth’s coronation, Northern Ireland had b​​een ruled by Protestant unionists who favoured remaining part of the UK for decades. The Catholic minority in Northern Ireland found themselves at a greater disadvantage economically and politically compared with Protestant community, and in 1968, tensions over whether Northern Ireland should become part of the Republic of Ireland exploded. During the Troubles — the 30-year conflict that cost the lives of of more than 3,500 people — the country saw an increase in violent attacks, bombings, acts of terrorism and assassinations — one of the most high-profile victims of IRA attacks was Lord Louis Mountbatten, a cousin of the Queen. Despite ongoing protests and threats, Her Majesty visited Northern Ireland during her Silver Jubilee tour in 1977. DON'T MISS:Fury as yobs destroy £10,000 floral displays created for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee [LATEST]Emma Thompson snapped at reporter over Meghan and Harry: ‘Leave the poor kids alone!’ [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Will the Royal Family still rule Britain in 100 years time? [ANALYSIS] She was reportedly anxious during the trip and following her last engagement, Prince Philip said: "There now, it's over. Unless they sink the Britannia we're safe." Peace talks began in the early nineties and eventually, in 1998, the conflict ended with the Good Friday Agreement. In 2011, the Queen spoke publicly about the Troubles during a visit to Dublin after she said: “To all those who have suffered as a consequence of our troubled past I extend my sincere thoughts and deep sympathy.” And, in 2012, when she shook hands with ex-IRA leader Martin McGuinness, who she had met during her Silver Jubilee tour, it was seen as the beginning of a new era of tenuous peace between monarchists and separatists. The Queen has seen fourteen British prime ministers during her reign, one of whom was Margaret Thatcher — the first woman elected to the position. Despite their differences, the two women developed a mutual respect for each other. Her Majesty honoured Thatcher with the Order of Merit, which she bestows upon only 24 living people. In 2013, she attended the former prime minister’s funeral in a break from royal protocol, which advises that monarchs do not attend the funerals of commoners. It was a final display of the Queen’s deep respect for Thatcher and the important connection they shared. The presence of female leaders has grown since Thatcher’s time in office, and according to the United Nations' UN Women division, 26 women were serving as Heads of State and/or Government in 24 countries as of September 1, 2021. The end of the Queen's reign will mark the beginning of a line of British kings — Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince George are set to shape the future of the monarchy. Despite initial reluctance, the Queen decided to go ahead with the live broadcast of her 1953 coronation: it was a controversial choice that marked a significant change in the monarchy’s attitude toward the media. While she has upheld many of the Royal Family’s traditions, the Queen has not shied away from progress. She recorded her first Christmas message in 1957, sent her first email in 1976 and uploaded her first Instagram post in 2019. In recent years, she has embraced technology to keep up with her royal obligations. As the coronavirus pandemic swept the globe, the monarch, alongside people across the world, adapted to a new way of working. Nicknamed the ‘Zoom monarch’, Her Majesty has been fulfilling her constitutional duties with the aid of video technology — she often carries out her engagements from her home in Windsor Castle. A global pandemic changes life as we know it and in 2020, COVID-19 transformed much of modern life. Economies and societies around the world ground to a halt, seeing school closures, devastated industries and millions of jobs lost. In the height of the first lockdown in the UK, the Queen addressed the country with a broadcast designed to reassure and inspire. Her Majesty said: "Together we are tackling this disease. "If we remain united and resolute, then we will overcome it. "We will succeed and that success will belong to each and every one of us". Concluding the broadcast, she said: "Better days will return. "We will be with our friends again; we will be with our families again; we will meet again." Since the broadcast, the world has seen rapid vaccine developments, multiple lockdowns and changing restrictions. Now, life has largely returned to ‘normal’, but Covid has greatly impacted our lives, with many still feeling the impact of the two-year pandemic.