Season five of The Last Kingdom has brought Uhtred of Bebbanburg’s (played by Alexander Dreymon) epic quest to an end, for now. Although the Netflix star will be returning for one last time in the upcoming feature film Seven Kings Must Die, he said his goodbyes to a number of his co-stars this year, including Timothy Innes, best known as the deceitful King Edward. Alexander praised his co-star’s performance in an email after Edward shockingly turned against Uhtred in the latest season of The Last Kingdom. In the historical drama’s final outing, Edward allied himself with the army of Mercia, but caused trouble for Edward before their mission to rescue Aelfwynn (Phia Saban). Not only did Timothy show a different side of Edward in the final episodes, but he also returned with a fresh new look, as pointed out in a recent interview with Alexander. “I am so glad you say that, because I agree with you, 100 percent,” he replied. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan “And I actually told him that right after I finished watching the season. I wrote him an email and said, ‘Dude, you really kill it.’” Timothy’s Edward was introduced in the third season of The Last Kingdom, and has since become a major player in Uhtred’s quest to reunite England. Several years after his first appearance, Edward returns in season five with a new beard and crown to reflect his maturity as king. Unfortunately, his years of experience also meant Edward had his own agenda for how things should be done, which often clashed with Uhtred’s goals. In his interview with Variety, Alexander explained: “He grew that character in such an interesting way.” Alexander went on to detail how the shadow of Edward’s father, Alfred (David Dawson), still hung over Edward despite his death in season three. “He incorporated so many Alfred characteristics into his Edward without being a caricature or without just copying what David Dawson did. “He really made it his own. And I thought he brought a maturity to the character this season that would have been completely misplaced in the previous season.” DON'T MISS:Why Sally Rooney 'wasn't as involved' in Normal People follow-up [INSIGHT]NCIS LA's Katya star inundated with tributes as she leaves role [UPDATE]Better Call Saul star pays tribute to ‘master actor’ Tony Dalton [INTERVIEW] On Edward’s new look, Alexander also paid tribute to a key member of the crew who made sure his appearance reflected his years on the throne. “And of course, we had a brilliant makeup department led by Sjaan Gillings, who was also doing our makeup this season,” he said. “So yeah, I agree with you. The look was awesome, and really underlining what he was doing with the character.” Alexander also had a hand in behind-the-scenes of the series this time around, as he made his TV directorial debut with the second episode of The Last Kingdom’s final season. Meanwhile, Edward was one of a number of characters who thankfully managed to escape with his life by the end of season five. Uhtred will, of course, be returning for Seven Kings Must Die, though it’s unclear how many of Alexander’s co-stars will be back after Aelswith star Eliza Butterworth confirmed she sadly won’t be taking part. Season five may have been the last we’ve seen of Edward, but there’s always a chance for some familiar faces to pop up during Uhtred’s last adventure. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix. Seven Kings Must Die will be released in 2023.