Members of the Royal Family will step out on Buckingham Palace's balcony as part of Trooping the Colour, which kicks off the four-day weekend on Thursday, June 2. But royal expert Hugo Vickers predicts the monarch, 96, will make a second balcony appearance after the Jubilee Pageant on Sunday, June 5, which is the finale of the extravaganza. Mr Vickers said the Queen could be joined by the heir to the throne Prince Charles, Prince William who is second in line, and Prince George who is third, in a nod to the future of the Royal Family. Mr Vickers told 9Honey: "I suspect - I could be wrong, but I'm not always wrong - after the pageant... [the Queen will] almost certainly come out on the balcony and I wouldn't be surprised if that isn't a very, very small group indeed - it could possibly even just be Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince George. "So you see the Queen with her next three successors." The Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend will begin with Trooping the Colour. The Queen will be joined by working royals on the palace's balcony during the event. Stepping out alongside Her Majesty will be the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Earl and Countess of Wessex, the Princess Royal, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent, Princess Alexandra, and Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence. Also set to appear for the occasion will be Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis and the Wessexes' children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. The head of state has made an exception for Princess Anne's husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim, who is not a working royal, and her two youngest grandchildren Lady Louise and James, and her Cambridge great-grandchildren George, Charlotte and Louis. READ MORE: Meghan slammed for 'wiping Harry's face' in new California pics Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who are travelling from California for the celebrations, will miss out on the balcony moment during Trooping the Colour, as will Prince Andrew. On Friday, June 3, members of the Royal Family will attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. The Party at the Palace pop concert will be held at Buckingham Palace on Saturday, June 4. DON'T MISSSussexes offered hope ‘If Queen wants them on balcony they will be!’ [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry send California crowd wild as Duchess kisses Duke [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should William and Charles welcome Harry back? [POLL] And the celebrations will come to a close with the pageant through the streets of London on June 5. The nation's longest-reigning monarch is said to be looking forward to the weekend marking her historic 70-year reign. It comes as she has been suffering from ongoing mobility issues and now rarely carries out engagements outside of her royal residences.