The eight images on Salisbury Plains, WIltshire, include a black and white photograph of the Queen at her coronation in June 1953 when she was just 27. Other images include Her Majesty, 96, walking her beloved pet corgis at the Cross Country course on the second day of the Windsor Horse Trials in 1980.  Another depicted the Queen racing her horse wearing a smart riding jacket and headscarf in the 1960s. In a more recent photo, the Queen can be seen wearing a navy, white, and gold headscarf at the Royal Windsor Horse Show in 2017. One stone showed the Queen in a polka-dot marigold printed pleated dress and a matching turban-style hat during a state visit to Mexico in February 1975. More recently she wore an elegant pink coat, with striking black buttons and a flower-adorned hat on a joint engagement with the Duchess of Cambridge to King’s College London in 2019. READ MORE: Meghan's recent appearances spark claims that Sussexes are in trouble  While Stonehenge is managed by English Heritage, the monument itself is owned by the Crown. The tribute has received a mixed reaction online, with Chris Ship, Royal Editor at ITV News, tweeting: “This is an unusual photo:Images of the Queen from each decade of her reign have been projected on to Stonehenge to mark the #PlatinumJubilee". Royal Commentator Dickie Arbiter tweeted: “What a beautiful and amazing tribute by #EnglishHeritage - projecting images of The Queen, from each decade of her reign, on to Stonehenge to mark her #PlatinumJubilee”. One user even went as far as to compare the images to those of Stalin and Kim II Sung, tweeting: “That’s just weird. That’s like those giant images of Stalin and Kim Il-sung you used to see.”  DON'T MISS:Biden given ‘gargantuan stack of red tape’ [INSIGHT]Russians openly turn on bloody war – 'Immediate withdrawal' [OPINION]Putin terrified his advisers in vicious meeting: 'They were scared' [ANALYSIS] But others have dubbed the tribute “wonderful” as visitors flock to see the portraits ahead of the Jubilee. Stonehenge has been lit up previously, with the most recent lightshow to celebrate “eight unsung champions of heritage” who continued working on community, heritage and arts projects during the Covid crisis in 2020. With the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee rapidly approaching, tributes to Her Majesty are appearing all over the country in a variety of forms. Thousands are expected to attend street parties in the upcoming bank holiday weekend, with bunting and union jacks being hung from windows and businesses across the UK. The celebrations start on Thursday, June 2. 