Legendary jockey Lester Piggott has died at the age of 86, it has been confirmed. Piggott was a famous name around the world following a career which spanned over 50 years, and the Englishman rode a phenomenal 4,493 winners - the third-highest tally of all time.  He also won the Epsom Derby a record nine times, and leaves behind a hugely impressive legacy. The tributes have already begun pouring in for Piggott, with the great and good of the racing world paying their respects. TV presenter Rishi Persad tweeted: "Lester Piggott. The best jockey and one of the most iconic sport stars to have ever lived. RIP." Meanwhile former jockey Brough Scott told Racing TV: "He cast the longest shadow anyone has ever cast over racing. "For me, he was my first and greatest hero because I was five when he ran his first winner. He was quite incredible, he danced to a different tune than any jockey before or since. You can argue about his relative merits but there hasn't been and will never be anyone like Lester Piggott."  The Great British Racing account tweeted: "Lester Piggott, the legendary rider, has passed away at the age of 86. We send our deepest condolences to all his family and friends at this sad time." And the Racing Post added: "Racing has lost one of the biggest names in the sport's history following the death of Lester Piggott at the age of 86." Piggott, incredibly, rode his first winner at the age of just 12, and won his first Derby at 18 on Never Say Die in 1954. Speaking about his fame in an interview with the Racing Post a few years ago, Piggott said: "It’s very nice of people to ask me to present awards and things. I sign a few autographs, shake a few people’s hands, have a chat about the old days – you have to do it, don’t you, it’s not hard work, is it? "When you’ve spent your whole life doing something it’s only right you have to help out a bit later on, you have to put a bit back. I think a lot of older people still remember me, I’m probably famous to them, but the younger ones wouldn’t really know who I am. Time goes by. A lot of people wouldn’t know me now."