Homes Under the Hammer host Martel Maxwell was shocked by the amount of ivy the home had when she showed viewers the property before it was sold at auction. The home was located in Hull, a port city in East Yorkshire. Martel said: “I’m on this fairly quiet residential road, which is close to the centre of Hull, to see a three-bed mid-terrace which came with a guide price of just £20,000. “Here it is. It’s not the best of starts. You’ve got security shutters on the windows and you’ve got a security door.” Upon entering the home, viewers got to see just how much work it needed doing. Martel was surprised that the entrance had gorgeous original tiling. The home came with a spacious hallway, two good sized living rooms as well as a wide kitchen area. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay involved in Underworld takeover Martel also pointed out that the house was riddled with damp and ivy. She said: “The ivy has come inside. I’ve never seen this before. This ivy has found a way to get in the property from behind the skirting and through the bricks. “It just goes to show that if you leave your garden long enough, it really can create problems.” Upstairs, the bathroom was also in trouble, with ivy right up against its window as well as on the ceiling. DON'T MISS:Carol Klein: ‘Important’ step when sowing cucumber seeds [COMMENT]‘Nifty tricks’ to keep ants out of your home - including 29p deterrent [EXPLAINER]How to get rid of garden weeds with ‘zero cost’ involved [INSIGHT] Martel said: “This ivy is everywhere. It feels like it could come in at any moment and I’m not joking. The mass of this ivy, the pressure it must be putting on the wall is huge.” Ivy can cause huge problems when it comes to the structure of the building and it can be costly to get rid of. Upstairs also had three bedrooms which all needed a complete renovation. A local estate agent visited the property before it headed for auction and explained that the property could fetch around £140,000 once renovated. Despite the property riddled with ivy, buyer Eunice, who lived in South London, was up for the project. He purchased the home for £55,000, a huge £35,000 over the guide price. After Martel asked what attracted him to the home, he said: “With the price of property in London, you can buy six, seven or even eight properties up here. “Potential for rental yield is a lot better than London.” With a budget of around £20,000, Eunice had plans to be completed with the renovation work in just two months. Homes Under the Hammer revisited once the renovation work had been completed to see what had changed. Downstairs, the reception rooms had a lick of paint and new carpets throughout. The bedrooms were painted in white and grey and new windows had also been fitted. The kitchen had been fitted with new cream cabinets and there was no sign of any ivy left. Martel said the property now felt both “bright and light” after having the ivy removed. Eunice explained: “I wasn’t here to witness the actual removal of the ivy but I had people in, they quoted me and they removed it. “Thank goodness the ivy hasn’t damaged the structure of the house.” But did he stay within his budget? He said: “In the end, I spent just under £30,000 but the transformation was well wroth it.” Eunice’s all-in costs totalled to £85,000, so how much profit could he make if he sold the property? With a guide price of £20,000, local estate agents revisited the property to share what price the house could sell for. One estate agent said: “I’d be confident to suggest an asking price in the region of £140,000.” That could be a potential pre-tax profit of £55,000 for Eunice. If rented out, the home could be rented for around £650 per calendar month.