Bernie Ecclestone has warned F1 bosses have not got the ‘balls’ to drop F1’s historic Monaco Grand Prix from the calendar. The 91-year-old former F1 supremo claimed then race was still the sport's ‘crown jewel’ despite other races in iconic locations being added to the calendar. He claimed discussions with the organisers of the Monaco GP have revealed they are still ‘super happy’ to run the race and said he ‘didn’t see any problems’ securing the future of the Grand Prix. Ecclestone told Reuters: "I don't think anyone's got the balls to take that race away from Monaco. "They are still super, super happy and confident with everything without any drama. So I don't see any problems there at all. Whether it's the worst race or the best race or whatever, it's the crown jewels.” Ecclestone appeared to take a swipe at one of F1’s newest locations, Miami, which hosted its first Grand Prix earlier this month. He claimed the track was not right for F1 and added the track had tried to mimic Monaco with its fake marina installed ahead of the race. READ MORE: F1 offered new GP venue by New York mayor as Ecclestone plan revived  The race also featured a ‘Beach Club’ area for guests which did not include any real sand. He added: “Look at Miami. That wasn't a Formula One race. "It could have been a local club race, couldn't it. They had those boats in the car park, trying to make it look like Monaco." Monaco’s future is in doubt as organisers are yet to sign a deal for 2023 and beyond. Ahead of the new season, F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali claimed older circuits could not rely solely on their pedigree to host races. However, F1 stars have called on F1 bosses to strike a deal to ensure the track stays on the calendar. Local hero Charles Leclerc said: “It would be a bad move for both parties. I have never known Monaco without F1 apart from Covid reasons in 2020 and F1 without Monaco for me is not F1.” DON'T MISSMiami Grand Prix 's**t show', 'many wealthy sponsors won't come back' [COMMENT]Ecclestone slammed for 'mouthing off' over 'stupid' America comment [INSIGHT]Bernie Ecclestone angry with F1 direction with' so many stupid things' [ANALYSIS] George Russell also defended the race, adding: "It's always a pleasure to come to Monaco. It's a bit surreal when you see all the buildings. We race a Formula One car closing 180-190mph through these streets is pretty mental." Reigning champion Max Verstappen said: “I don’t think you can replace Monaco. Monaco has such a history. Of course it takes time to build that." But, Lewis Hamilton has called for F1 bosses to change the format of future F1 weekends in Monaco as the race is 'never exciting'. He added: "I don’t know what the solution is, but I’m hoping when we are looking forward to future generations, it can be a more exciting race for people.” However, the President of the Automobile, Club de Monaco. Michel Boeri has previously claimed the race would still be held in 2023 and beyond. He said: “In the media, it was said that there were difficulties after this edition, that is to say from next year, to continue to organise Grands Prix. It was also said that Liberty Media's asking price was too excessive for Monaco and that the Grand Prix would no longer be done. It's totally false. “We are still in discussion with them and we must now concretise by signing a contract. I can guarantee you that after 2022, the [Monaco] Grand Prix will continue to take place." 