Monty Don, 66, has posted a snap of himself holding his adorable new granddaughter, Daisy Rose Don. The Gardeners' World presenter received an overwhelming amount of messages as social media users gushed over the sweet snap.  The post was sent out in full view of his one million followers.  In the heartwarming snap, the horticulturist could be seen cradling Daisy in his arms as she sported a floral hat.  Neither of their faces could be seen but the adorable picture certainly caught the attention of his legion of followers.  He captioned the post: “Daisy sleeping in my arms #granddaughter.” READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo Fans flooded the comment section with messages. Angelicabell wrote: “Adorable xxx.” Debbiegeorgeartist penned: “Congratulations x.” Emarqueztz said: “Your special flower!!!!” Tea.and.tomatoes wrote: “So sweet! It was my grandfather who got me started in the garden as a toddler. “How beautiful that you can also share this gift with her!” Mcgoffteresa put: “Aww my little 3 month old grand daughter is called Daisy as well.” DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) Monty welcomed his granddaughter Daisy earlier this month. The Gardener’s World presenter reposted a photo at the time, originally shared by his son Adam. It showed Daisy laid on a cosy bed of blankets. Adam posted the snap to his account alongside the caption: "Thank you for all the kind messages regarding Daisy." Monty announced the joyous news in a post on Twitter. It read: "Daisy Rose Don born today, a sister to George. A perfect way to end beautiful May day." Fans were left overjoyed and rushed to congratulate the BBC presenter. Erinplattz4 wrote: "Congrats grandpa Don. Gorgeous name!" Crollathed0llar: "Congratulations to all the family and grandparents, a precious grandson and now a precious granddaughter. You have definitely got to name two rose trees after them both." Anthony-ellis-010: "Congratulations! When you have Grandchildren you realise what it was all about!" Besides Adam, Monty shares two other grown-up children, Tom and Freya, with his wife Sarah. The couple is already proud grandparents to two-year-old George, who was born in 2019.