The Queen turned 96 last month and is both the longest-living and longest-reining British monarch in history. Elizabeth ascended the throne in February 1952, aged 25 years, and has dedicated her life to royal duty. Royal experts have claimed the monarch is unlikely to ever abdicate the throne, owing to her lifelong oath of service, but a biographer has revealed the Queen once told her cousin two circumstances that would force her to step down. Author Matthew Dennison has written a new biography on the Queen, and in the book he stated the Queen does "not contemplate abdication" save for two situations. He said the Queen was determined to devote her life to duty and service. He wrote: “In her ninth decade Elizabeth continued to dedicate herself to the same principles. "She did not contemplate abdication, she told her cousin Margaret Rhodes, ‘unless I get Alzheimer's or have a stroke’. "On his retirement as Archbishop of Canterbury in 2003, she explained to George Carey ‘that’s something I can’t do. I’m going to carry on to the end'.” Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Many royal experts are convinced the sovereign will uphold her pledge to dedicate her full life to service, no matter her physical health or personal heartbreaks. Even after the death of her husband Prince Philip in April, commentators remained steadfast the Queen will plough on to the bitter end. Royal historian Hugo Vickers said: "I can assure you the Queen will not abdicate. "There is every indication the Queen is in extremely good health and with luck she will continue to be our Queen for as long as possible." READ MORE: Princess Charlotte delights fans with ‘precious’ birthday photos Similarly, royal expert Robert Jobson has dismissed any notion of the Queen abdicating. He told Express.co.uk the Queen "will never abdicate". He added: "The Queen will be the Queen until the day she dies in my opinion. Of course she will." When the Queen was 21, she vowed to devote her life to the service of the Crown and Commonwealth.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In a speech broadcast on the radio from Cape Town, where Elizabeth was with her family as part of a royal tour, the Princess said: "I declare before you all that my whole life whether it be long or short shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong." Her Majesty repeated the vow during her coronation oath, made in 1953. During the oath, she promised to govern the UK and Commonwealth according to law, to exercise justice with mercy and to maintain the Church of England. She repeated the oath on the 60th anniversary of her accession, and when senior Buckingham Palace aides are asked whether abdication is possible, they have the same answer: "Life means life". In recent months, the Queen has suffered a few health issues - including a mild bout of Covid and an undisclosed ailment which led her to be taken to hospital on October 20 to run a few "preliminary tests". Moreover, the sovereign is reportedly experiencing mobility issues, and has sensibly cut the number of engagements outside her palace walls. The monarch last stepped out of Windsor Castle for a public appearance two months ago, when she attended at Westminster Abbey the service of thanksgiving for her beloved late husband. In mid-March, she pulled out of the Commonwealth Day service and last month she skipped the Maundy Thursday service, where she was represented by her son Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Nevertheless, the monarch continues to carry out the daily duties required by her role and meets in-person and via video links with diplomats and foreign leaders. In late April, she appeared in great health as she was photographed welcoming for an audience at Windsor Castle the President of Switzerland and his wife - Ignazio and Paola Cassis. Quashing speculation her advancing health may push her to step down and pave the way to the coronation of Charles, the Queen renewed her pledge to carry on with her service and duty in a statement released on the eve of the 70th anniversary of her accession to the throne. She wrote: "As we mark this anniversary, it gives me pleasure to renew to you the pledge I gave in 1947 that my life will always be devoted to your service." Prince Charles will become King after the Queen dies or steps down from the throne. He is the longest-serving heir apparent to the British throne in history, having held the role for more than 68 years. The Queen by Matthew Dennison is available to buy now.