During Piers Morgan: Uncensored on Monday night, the controversial presenter couldn't help but comment on Prince Harry's acting debut. The skit which featured Harry being rated on his trip to New Zealand was a promotion for his new campaign, which is centred around more sustainable travellers when they are on their holidays. Piers didn't take too well to the video and branded Harry a "terrible hypocrite" after leaving the Royal Family for a more "private" life. Speaking about how actors have been slammed for portraying characters who are of a different race or disabled, Piers slammed the "wokies" who would be ruining the film industry. "For actors, who are acting, that is the whole point of acting! If the wokies get their way, the next person to play Hitler in a movie will have to be a genocidal Nazi, and that means only Vladimir Putin might qualify. "Last time I checked, as his performance as a global peacemaker shows, his thespian skills have a lot to be desired. "But I am sure there is one thing that we can all agree on, and it is this, this is not acting," where the clip of Harry began to play. READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage Unimpressed with the clip, Piers slammed: "Yep, that is privacy shy Prince Harry on TV again making his acting debut. "In a ridiculous New Zealand advert for his eco-travel non-profit, Harry clearly isn't just a terrible actor, he is also a terrible hypocrite. "A guy who constantly preaches about the environment, but he uses private jets like I use black cabs, this is like Adele lecturing us about how not to be a diva." During the video, The Duke of Sussex jogs through New Zealand woodlands before he is rated over how "green" his holiday had been. The video launches the first-ever initiative in New Zealand for the organisation that he founded in 2019. The concept involves holidaymakers being rated on how sustainable they were on their trip rather than how sustainable the holidays are. Residents have access to the rating app as part of the pilot initiative, which encourages travellers to consider choosing more sustainable options when planning their holidays. Harry told Maori current affairs programme Te Ao with Moana: "The Maori culture inherently understands sustainable practices and taking better care of our life-giving land. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry's 'Girl Dad' T-shirt in honour of 'baby Lili' costs £27 [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'foolish not to be suspicious' during Sussexes's stay [LATEST]Prince Harry is compared to Ricky Gervais in new video [WATCH] "They are critical lessons we can all learn, and that is why I'm here with you to share a new kaupapa." During his visit, Harry was given three out of five stars for the trip as he used a towel and bought some local honey. In a statement, Harry said: "In a world where we're tasked with rating so many things, we're now asking: What if your destination rated you? "Starting in beautiful Aotearoa, New Zealand, we're launching our first campaign, we are encouraging people to flip the script. "We're always being asked for our feedback on our trips and experiences, but what would happen if our holiday rated us? "It's an important question to ask, and we want all of you to help us answer it." Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have recently been banned by the Queen from standing with her and the rest of the family on the Buckingham Palace balcony during her Platinum Jubilee. It comes after Harry gave an interview with Hoda Kotb at the 2022 Invictus Games where he touched on his recent visit to his gradmother and ensured that "she has the right people around her." Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV.