On Wednesday, May 18, the Government confirmed two new cases of monkeypox have been detected in the UK. Although the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) has said “risk to the UK population remains low”, the Government has issued six new graphic images of skin symptoms for Britons to be aware of. The images show spots, rashes and lesions most commonly associated with the virus. According to the UKHSA: "Initial symptoms of monkeypox include fever, headache, muscle aches, backache, swollen lymph nodes, chills and exhaustion. "A rash can develop, often beginning on the face, then spreading to other parts of the body including the genitals. "The rash changes and goes through different stages, and can look like chickenpox or syphilis, before finally forming a scab, which later falls off." READ MORE: Deborah James on her initial bowel cancer symptoms The images show spots, rashes and lesions most commonly associated with the virus. According to the UKHSA: "Initial symptoms of monkeypox include fever, headache, muscle aches, backache, swollen lymph nodes, chills and exhaustion. "A rash can develop, often beginning on the face, then spreading to other parts of the body including the genitals. "The rash changes and goes through different stages, and can look like chickenpox or syphilis, before finally forming a scab, which later falls off." DON'T MISSMost Britons will have lost obesity battle in 20 years [REPORT]How to live longer: Eating at the 'right' time of day may hold the key [COMMENT]Covid vaccine: Four groups should be given booster jab this autumn [INSIGHT] The rash tends to evolve from lesions with a flat base, known as macule, to slightly raised firm lesions, known as papule. These can then fill with clear fluid, known as vesicles, or with yellow fluid, known as pustules. Pustules eventually begin to crust, dry up and fall off. According to the WHO: "The number of the lesions varies from a few to several thousand." In severe cases, lesions can come together to form one mass or whole until large sections of skin fall off.  The rash tends to evolve from lesions with a flat base, known as macule, to slightly raised firm lesions, known as papule. These can then fill with clear fluid, known as vesicles, or with yellow fluid, known as pustules. Pustules eventually begin to crust, dry up and fall off. According to the WHO: "The number of the lesions varies from a few to several thousand." In severe cases, lesions can come together to form one mass or whole until large sections of skin fall off. In total, the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) has detected seven cases in London, one in the South East of England and one in the North East. The most recent cases, detected on May 18, have no known connections to previously confirmed cases. The UKHSA said: "The two latest cases have no travel links to a country where monkeypox is endemic, so it is possible they acquired the infection through community transmission."