 Experts are warning that businesses which have construction vehicles on their books could see their fuel bills double following a change in legislation last month. The new restrictions on red diesel have left some unable to take advantage of cheaper diesel, seeing operating costs spike.  On April 1, the Government banned the use of red diesel in vehicles that are used for construction work and in other sectors. This was done by the Government as another step towards its net zero ambitions. Red diesel was targeted as it currently accounts for around 15 percent of all diesel consumption in the UK and produces nearly 14 million tonnes of CO2 every year. The change in red diesel tax will require many industries to use fuel that is taxed at the standard rate for white, or standard, diesel. READ MORE: Motorists in a 'very difficult position' after red diesel ban  The Government hopes this will encourage businesses to use alternative fuels to help reduce their environmental impact. Nick McClellan, managing director at RAM Tracking, warned that businesses could see their fuel bills rise dramatically. He added: “Fuel duty adds almost 58p per litre to the price of fuel and with prices in the UK having recently hit a new record high, with the average cost of diesel at £1.77 a litre. “So the change in rules will be a kick in the teeth for businesses that have to use heavy equipment on a daily basis.” DON'T MISSDrivers will regret choosing hybrids over electric cars [WARNING]Driver fined £100 for staying in car park for just four minutes [SHOCKING]Drivers 'need support' after huge diesel law changes as costs spike [INSIGHT]  He warned that businesses that use construction vehicles, in particular, would see their costs increase massively. For example, a Hitachi ZX210 21-tonne excavator is a commonly used vehicle in construction and has a 400-litre fuel tank capacity. On January 3, this year, it would have cost around £360 to fill the tank with red diesel. Following the ban on red diesel, on May 2, it would cost roughly £700 to fill the same vehicle with normal diesel.  Nick suggested that businesses can encourage their drivers to make some minor changes in order to gain further fuel savings. The ban came at a time when many businesses were already struggling with larger costs from goods and resources, as global supply chain issues continue to take a toll. He continued, saying: “RAM predicts that businesses that use construction vehicles could easily see their fuel bills double as a result of this change in ruling. “At a time of high costs of living and rising energy prices, it’s worth changing driver behaviour to minimise burning precious fuel.”  He suggested using common fuel saving techniques like avoiding idling for too long, keeping tyres pumped up and not going too fast or too slow. Mr McClellan also pointed to avoiding braking aggressively and for businesses to use “better route optimisation”. Some organisations, including UPS, have their drivers avoid turning right into oncoming traffic as the fuel efficiency is improved. Typically only 10 percent of turns that UPS drivers take are left turns as their route technology looks to avoid turning through traffic at junctions. This also reduces the chances of an accident and cuts delays by waiting for a gap in the traffic, which also wastes fuel.