Cristiano Ronaldo is disappointed about Manchester United’s nightmare season but intends to hang around at Old Trafford, according to reports. The Portugal international has been linked with a move away ahead of the Erik ten Hag era. However, it’s now looking increasingly likely he’ll stay put instead. Ronaldo has done his bit for United this season, with his 24 goals across all competitions more than any other player at the club. However, that hasn’t been enough to stop the Red Devils from enduring a nightmare campaign under both Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Now, The Sun quote a source saying that ‘nobody has been more disappointed’ with the club’s erratic displays than Ronaldo. But it’s also explained that he intends to stay put providing Ten Hag makes it clear he’s wanted. “Ronaldo told the players he’s not going anywhere unless the club say they don’t want him,” the insider said. "No one is more disappointed than him about how the season has panned out. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “But he doesn’t want to leave on a low and wants to help get the club back into the Champions League and try and win a trophy next year. “However, he has told them if the new boss wants to go in a different direction, then he will have no hard feelings and has no regrets about coming back to Old Trafford.” Ronaldo previously left United for Real Madrid back in 2009. And reports have suggested the La Liga giants are open to a stunning reunion this summer, despite the form of Karim Benzema. Ronaldo does appear to be ready to stay at United, though, and play for them providing Ten Hag makes it clear he’ll be a key asset. Anthony Elanga is one of the players who wants the 37-year-old to stick, rather than twist, believing he can learn from the veteran. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But while Ronaldo staying would be a boost for United, the club still intend to sign a new striker regardless. Lautaro Martinez is on their radar, with the Inter Milan star admired by the club’s hierarchy. Darwin Nunez has also emerged as a target, having sparkled for Benfica in Portugal this term. And United have been mooted as potential suitors for Alexander Isak, too, even though he’s struggled for consistency at Real Sociedad this term. Former United star Luke Chadwick, meanwhile, hailed Ronaldo after his outstanding display against Brentford last week. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And he certainly thinks the Portugal international is worth keeping. “Cristiano Ronaldo worked hard, I think one moment that really summed him up was when he lost the ball after trying a little flick, but then ran back 50 yards to make the challenge,” he said. “It looked like he was right on top of his game. “You’d hope the new manager has spoken to him and we’ll have another season of him at Old Trafford. “I think Ronaldo’s cut a frustrated figure at times this season. Maybe he and a few others haven’t really known what direction the club and the team are going. “But on Monday, he had a bit more of a spring in his step. Hopefully that’s a sign he’s positive about his future and about the new manager coming in. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Again, he’s shown what he’s all about. His numbers, for a 37-year-old, scoring 24 goals and maybe a couple more to come, that’s incredible. “We all talk about his age but I think he’s certainly got the energy levels to keep on doing it at this level. “I think the main issue this season has been his frustration with how things went under Ole, and the results not really coming under Rangnick either. “Hopefully now we’re seeing that he’s a bit more positive, and hopefully the new manager can come in and bring everyone together. “At his best, he’s obviously someone you’d rather have at the club than not.”