Fabric softener seems like the obvious way to get your laundry smelling fresh and feeling cosy, yet according to a housekeeper, that's not always the case when it comes to towels. Sharing a viral video to social media platform TikTok, the housekeeper said people should "never ever ever wash your towels with fabric softener". Instead, the answer to soft and fluffy towels could be tucked away in your kitchen cupboard. In the video, housekeeper Vanesa Amaro said: "Housekeeper tip: Never ever ever wash your towels with a fabric softener. "Fabric softener contains wax and [oil], oil repels water which means if you wash your towels with fabric softener they will not be as absorbent as they used to be." There is some science behind this TikTok hack, and according to experts from the Turkish towel Company, the reason towels become stiff is because the ingredients in fabric softener create a layer that makes them "water repellant". An expert from the Turkish Towel Company said: "Towels feel stiff because they start to build up soapy residue. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ “Fabric softeners contain silicon that will make towels water repellent, so they won’t get as good a wash." Instead, Ms Amaro recommended using white vinegar in your wash to clean towels and get them back to their former fluffy glory. Commenting on TikTok hack, an expert from Casumo said: "Fabric softener contains oils which repel water that latches onto towel fibres and makes them slippery, greasy and less absorbent. "This will save your pennies and preserve your towel's life span." DON'T MISSHow to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways [EXPLAINER]Cleaning: How to keep bath towels soft - ‘cheap and amazing’ way [COMMENT]The UK village where residents must follow strict rules [REPORT] Although using white vinegar to clean towels might sound odd, the acidity of the vinegar works to strip the residue making them fluffy and absorb again. Add one cup of white vinegar into your wash for the best effects. Turkish Towel Company said: “Simply run the towels through a regular washing cycle, then redo them using vinegar instead of soap.” If the treatment does not work after one wash, it may be due to a large build-up of residue on your towels. In this case, you may have to rely on a second wash with white vinegar. Overloading your washing machine can also get in the way of soft towels. Towels need lots of room within the washing machine drum to breathe, ultimately allowing them to rise and fluff up. If you have enough towels for a full load, it is a good idea to do a towel-only wash.