Manchester City have apparently wrapped up a deal to sign Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. The striker has been prolific ever since his arrival at the Westfalenstadion in 2020, scoring 85 goals in 88 appearances. And, now, he’s set to be strutting his stuff under Pep Guardiola next term. Manchester City have been on the lookout for a striker to replace Sergio Aguero over the past year. They came close to landing Harry Kane 12 months ago but, despite tabling dizzying bids, missed out on the Tottenham star. Now, The Athletic say City have wrapped up a deal to land Haaland - with Borussia Dortmund set to receive a message this week signalling the reigning Premier League champions will trigger the forward’s buyout clause. While Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain, Barcelona and Manchester United have also been linked with the Norway international, the quartet are likely to miss out. So Express Sport will now take a look at the shirt numbers Haaland could wear at the Etihad. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Gabriel Jesus currently wears the No 9 shirt at City. But while he’s impressed under Guardiola in recent weeks, it’s possible the Brazil international will be offloaded when Haaland arrives. That would leave the No 9 shirt vacant. Jesus is a target for Arsenal, having previously worked with Gunners boss Mikel Arteta in Manchester. It wouldn’t be an exciting number. However, given the No 12 is currently vacant at City following the departure of Angelino, it’s one Haaland may have to consider if Jesus stays. Other occupants include Scott Sinclair, Stuart Taylor and Darius Vassal, while it was also worn by Nicky Weaver during his stint at the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here When it comes to the No 15, City haven’t had much luck. Eliaquim Mangala, Jesus Navas and Stefan Savic, as well as Javier Garrido, failed to live up to expectations. It’s currently free but the struggles of the quartet may be the reason for that. In any case, it’s a jersey Haaland could consider. Another free number is the No 18. It was last worn by Fabian Delph, with Frank Lampard sporting it for a year after arriving on a free transfer from Chelsea in 2014. Gareth Barry, Danny Mills and Michael Tarnat have also occupied the shirt during the Premier League era. The last player to wear the No 19 at City was Leroy Sane, who quit for Bayern Munich in the summer of 2020. And Karim Rekik, Samir Nasri, Joleon Lescott and Gelson Fernandes have also worn that jersey over the years. Haaland wore the No 19 for Norway at Under-20 level and, therefore, it’s one that may appeal to the youngster. City had Ferran Torres on their books until January, when the Spain international departed to join Barcelona. And his No 21 jersey has been free ever since. Haaland could be tempted to take it on, especially given it was the jersey worn by club legend David Silva during his glittering spell at the club. No 24 - last worn by Tosin Adarabioyo, it’s also been donned by John Stones, Sedum Onuoha and Patrick Vieira in the past. No 28 - Jason Denayer was the last occupant, with Kolo Toure and Daniel Sturridge also taking it on in the past. No 29 - the number worn by Richard Wright, who never played, while Shaun Wright-Phillips is another past occupant. No 30 - Nicolas Otamendi wore this number prior to leaving the club and Costel Pantilimon took it on before him. Why not No 23? Haaland wears the no 23 for Norway but, at City, it’s been retired ever since the tragic death of Marc-Vivian Foe in 2003.