Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has spoken out after his side's 2-2 draw with Wolves on Saturday. The Blues were 2-0 up with half an hour to go after a brace from Romelu Lukaku. However, with new owner Todd Boehly watching on, they then late the game slip and were ultimately forced to settle for a point. Chelsea took the lead against Wolves through Lukaku, with the Belgium international scoring his first goal of the year from the penalty spot in the 56th minute. And he then doubled his team and his own tally two minutes later to put the Blues in cruise control. With new owner Boehly watching on, it looked like it was going to end up being a comfortable afternoon for the home side. However, Francisco Trincao’s goal in the closing stages forced a frantic finale. And Conor Coady netted in the seventh minute of stoppage time to secure a point for the visitors. Tuchel was asked about the performance of Lukaku after the game but refused to be too positive when it came to the Inter Milan star, saying: "Yeah, but guys. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Good performance but for sure not the moment to talk about individual performances. We lost points.” When asked if the draw felt like a defeat, he added: “Of course. “I thought we started both halves well with an offensive 5-3-2. “We knew about the risks and we need to be disciplined. We showed discipline over most moments of the first half. In situations we touch too much risk. “That costed us some dangerous moments at the end of the first half. We were unlucky not to score, unsure if it was a foul in the first half. Reminded the players at half time to stick to the plan. We were 2-0 up and against we took too much risk. We invited the counter-attacks and big chances. Once you do this you lose confidence and invite the opponent to smell something is possible when it is unnecessary." Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta also opened up after the game and said: "Very disappointing because we were leading 2-0 so to drop two points in this way is very disappointing. “Of course the taste of the game is bad. We are conceding too many goals in the last couple of games which is putting us in a difficult position in the race for the Champions League. “Other teams are winning and we are not getting as many points as we should. We have to get up together and have a good last few weeks. It is in our hands and we have an FA Cup final to play. "The pressure is always there. You have to accept it. Every point is important. “Now we have to start better. We used to be a solid team, now we are conceding a lot of goals. That has put ourselves in a difficult position." On the new ownership, he then continued: "The team has been completely out of the process. Our focus has been on the pitch. “Of course we are disappointed not to give the first win for him. It is out of our hands so not worth wasting energy on that. “Of course we have missed some fans in the stadium and there have been a couple of things but the work on the pitch cannot be excused. Our job is to train the best we can and get the results so that is why we're disappointed. "We need to do the basics better. In the last couple of games we have conceded so many goals. “The two boxes are the key areas. We scored two then conceded two at home. That is hard. Sometimes you need a 1-0 win. “We have not been as sharp or as fluid as we've been before but we scored to go 2-0 and that should have been enough." Wolves hero Coady, meanwhile, insisted his side deserved more than just a point given their stirring showing in the capital. ”Incredible feeling to do it in front of our away fans and I thought we deserved more,” he told Sky Sports. “To come back like that shows the character of the team and to score in front of the away fans like that was a special feeling. "We've had a few weeks where we've not been good enough. I thought we could have maybe nicked it but to come away with a point was good. On the Chelsea takeover, he added: "It came at the wrong time really. “I read it this morning and thought 'oh it would happen against us.' “We had the gaffer on Zoom in the dressing room and we knew what he wanted to do. The last few weeks haven't been good enough but we stood up to it and today was a good performance.”