“It's important for vitamin B12 or folate deficiency anaemia to be diagnosed and treated as soon as possible,” warns the NHS. “Although many of the symptoms improve with treatment, some problems caused by the condition can be irreversible if left untreated.” Dr Sara explained specific damage that could happen as a result. The scary part about vitamin B12 deficiency is that the longer you leave it untreated, “the higher” your chances of permanent damage are. Dr Sara said: “While some may have mild B12 deficiency for many years without developing any symptoms, if significant and left untreated, the symptoms can worsen and eventually result in irreversible nervous system damage.” As your body needs the vitamin to make nerves and look after the function of your central nervous system, the lack of B12 can affect this area as well. The average person needs to get 2.4 micrograms of vitamin B12 a day, the Harvard Medical School explains. READ MORE: High cholesterol: The warning signs in your body pointing to ‘excess cholesterol’ And like with the majority of vitamins, your body isn’t able to synthesise this vitamin by itself. That’s why it’s important to ensure your intake from either your diet or supplements. While the amount of B12 found in fruits and vegetables isn’t enough to meet your daily target, there are some plant-based options that pack this vitamin. From yeast extract to fortified foods, vegans and vegetarians are recommended to look at the nutritional labels to see how much vitamin B12 their food contains.    Although this condition can stir up serious problems, this doesn’t happen without your body ringing the alarm bells. Dr Sara said: “Common symptoms include fatigue, breathlessness and feeling faint. “However, there are a number of lesser-known signs including numbness or pins and needles, depression, visual disturbance and pain and inflammation in the mouth.” The NHS notes that symptoms usually develop gradually but can worsen when the condition doesn’t get picked up. Dr Sara advised: “If you suffer from any of these signs, it’s important to consult your GP, as there are a number of different conditions that can cause similar symptoms. “It is likely your GP will suggest a blood test to include vitamin B12 levels.” Fortunately, the deficiency can be often picked up solely based on your symptoms or during a blood test. Once you get the condition confirmed, there are different measures which can replenish your levels of B12. The doctor added: “Treatment is by correction of the deficiency, either through increasing your dietary sources, oral B12 supplementation or by injection, depending on the cause and severity of your deficiency.” The NHS explains that “good” food sources are hidden in animal-derived products, including: Alternatively, your doctor will recommend either injections or supplements to get your levels back to the right place.