The 19th outing for the NCIS team featured plenty of surprises, not least of which was a brand new leader in the form of former FBI agent Alden Parker (played by Gary Cole). Although several cast members from the long-running CBS hit have said their goodbyes in recent years, Steven D. Binder teased a familiar face could come back to the fold. Michael Weatherly may well reprise his role as Tony DiNozzo after coming to the end of his stint on his follow-up CBS drama, Bull. The hit legal series is coming to an end this week with a two-part finale, bringing Michael’s equally popular new role to a close. Steven revealed the NCIS producers avoided bringing him back while Bull was still ongoing, but its cancellation could provide a window for his return. “I absolutely would love to do something like that”, he confirmed. “That’s going to depend on Michael Weatherly.” READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? “He and I have talked over the years about it, and he was always on Bull, and [since] he was on Bull, it just seemed weird and not right.” As the legal drama was produced and aired year-round, much like NCIS, Michael most likely didn’t have much time to pop over to say hi to his old friends and their new recruits. Unfortunately, Michael hasn’t confirmed DiNozzo’s reappearance just yet, and will in fact be taking a break from his acting career. Steven told TV Insider: “The last conversation I had with him was that he’s going to take some time off and rest.” “He went from a very difficult schedule on NCIS to headlining his own show for six years, through COVID. “But I can say that I consider him a friend, so it’s not a difficult conversation to have with him. It’s just a question of whether or not it works out.” Michael himself also confirmed his hiatus from acting in his latest Twitter post. In a new video posted before the final episode of Bull, he told his 467.8k followers: “Well, tonight is it. DON'T MISS:Below Deck’s Malia White responds to return rumours [COMMENT]This Is Us’ Mandy Moore pays tribute to co-star after finale [INTERVIEW]Stranger Things season 4: Noah Schnapp teases Will Byers death [SPOILERS] “It is the 125th and final episode of Bull, and I just want to thank all the extraordinary people who have worked on the show, who have come through the doors and contributed their amazing, enormous talents. “We are the better for it. It’s been 22 years of straight television for me, so I’m going to take a little break now and see what happens next.” However, he then teased: “I should give my friend Cote De Pablo a call.” Cote De Pablo was well-known for playing Agent Ziva David opposite Michael for nine seasons of NCIS before taking her leave. She then made a brief return in the 16th and 17th seasons, though fans were distraught she didn’t get the chance to meet back up with DiNozzo on-screen. With NCIS about to reach its milestone 20th season, fans expectations have never been higher for the CBS staple to deliver the goods and return some old favourites to the field. Now Michael is planning on getting back in touch with Cote - and is still clearly talking about a potential return with Steven - could the stars align for DiNozzo and Ziva’s long-awaited reunion in season 20? NCIS is available on CBS in the USA. New episodes arrive on Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.