The Ministry of Defence said it found seven boats carrying 254 migrants on Sunday and witnesses said about 100 migrants have arrived so far on Monday. It is believed to be the first time there have been ­crossings in 11 days following windy conditions. According to government figures 6,947 migrants have been detained this year but yesterday’s crossings took the number over 7,000. That figure was not reached until mid-July in 2021 and comes despite Home Secretary Priti Patel’s recent announcement of a controversial policy to send some arrivals to Rwanda. She said it would act as a deterrent to the ruthless people-smuggling gangs. However, the plan has reportedly sparked a sudden rush as traffickers warn migrants they must travel now to beat the deadline. French National Assembly member for Calais, Pierre-Henri Dumont said: “From what I heard from the migrants, it seems the news of the new legislation with Rwanda gives the smugglers new ­commercial arguments to the migrants to urge them to cross quickly to not to be sent away.” Mr Dumont said that he did not believe the measure would deter people from trying to reach Britain. He added: “When you leave your country because of flood, because of starvation, because you are not afraid of being hauled and sent back to another ­country, at least if you have a chance you will try.” The MoD described the rise in “dangerous” crossings as unacceptable. A spokesman said: “Not only are they an overt abuse of our immigration laws but they also impact on the UK taxpayer, risk lives and our ability to help refugees come to the UK via safe and legal routes.” Home Office figures suggest 28,526 people made the crossing in 2021, up from 8,466 the year before. Ms Patel launched her proposals to send people to the African nation by ­warning that a failure to find a solution in Europe was putting more lives at risk. Last year 27 people died, including children, in the icy waters after their dinghy capsized during the risky 21-mile crossing. Tory MP Tim Loughton said of the Rwanda plan: “It may seem a very robust, extreme scheme, but it is the first thing put forward that would ­practically do something about this. “People are sick and tired of these people smugglers making a fortune out of human trafficking, this ­misery coming acrossthe Channel. “The Rwanda scheme is an attempt to do something practical about it. “But it is very early days – it was only announced three weeks ago and it hasn’t started yet.”