The luck was that I was able to start treatment before the cancer had taken too great a hold, and so here I am, nearly a decade later – not quite as fit as a fiddle but managing the cancer successfully so far. Any cancer specialist will tell you that the most important factor in treatment is early diagnosis. That is why the pandemic has had such a disastrous impact on cancer. Quite apart from the redeployment of staff to cope with Covid, many people who would normally have had symptoms checked out chose not to do so, some fearing coronavirus infection and others simply not wanting to put more pressure on the NHS. The upshot was that for one period, urgent cancer referrals were 45 percent below their pre-Covid levels. One study found that 35,000 deaths from cancer in this period were due to the pandemic. On top of that, the Macmillan cancer charity has estimated that 650,000 cancer patients had their treatment disrupted. As the NHS started to return to something like normal life, all this meant that there was an almighty cancer backlog – both in patients needing a diagnosis and in treating those who had been diagnosed. Figures published yesterday show the scale of the problem we now face. Over the past year since the height of the pandemic, 2.7 million people have been referred for a cancer check-up. That figure is a record for any one year. But it is not a record that can be celebrated, because the comparable figure for referrals the year before the pandemic – 2.4 million – demonstrates how badly things collapsed during Covid and how much we have to catch up. The NHS has clearly been working hard to cope with the backlog. NHS England’s figures show that 315,000 people have been treated for cancer over the past year, compared with 313,000 in the year before the pandemic. In other words, the NHS is doing its best to catch up with the backlog, but even the record-breaking figures it is now producing are not enough. In addition, the proportion of people referred to a cancer specialist being seen within the standard waiting time of a fortnight is at a record low of 83 percent, compared with 91 percent before the pandemic. According to Dame Cally Palmer, national cancer director for NHS England, at least 30,000 people have still not started treatment due to the pandemic. That figure alone shows it is no exaggeration to say that there is a crisis in cancer diagnosis and treatment. It is all the more devastating because incredible advances in medicine and technology mean we should really be celebrating how the chances of surviving cancer are better than ever now. In my own case, until recently I would have needed debilitating chemotherapy for my strain of leukaemia, with only a modest chance of long-term survival. Thanks, however, to a wonderful new drug, Ibrutinib, I take a daily pill which is a form of chemotherapy with far more limited side effects, and which keeps the cancer in check. It is terrible to think how many people will be denied similar opportunities because they have been unable to get a diagnosis in good time. Clearly no government could have been expected to have had a ready-made plan to enable the NHS to cope with the pandemic without any impact on services. But the longer we move away from the height of the coronavirus crisis, the greater the responsibility the Government must bear for its failure to implement a plan to deal with that impact. I do not envy Sajid Javid, the Health Secretary. Money does not grow on trees and the demands on the NHS are colossal. The current shortage in HRT medicines is, for example, an immediate crisis that is clearly a priority. That will cost money, and money spent on one area is no longer available for use elsewhere. Mr Javid is drawing up a 10-year cancer plan, and this is likely to include many of the breakthrough treatments and methods for helping cancer patients. But important as all that is, he is surely well aware of the urgency of dealing with the situation we are now in. The issue is stark. If we do not invest immediately in our capacity to deal with cancer, increasing numbers of people will die. There is no getting away from this, and no escaping the need for more money to prevent it.