The Duke and Duchess of Sussex wed in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle on May 19, 2018. However, just four days later, at a dinner for Prince Charles' 70th birthday, Meghan is said to have done something that "astonished" a guest, according to royal author Lady Campbell. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex joined the Royal Family for Prince Charles' milestone celebrations held on May 22, 2018, in the grounds of Buckingham Palace - which marked their first royal engagement following their wedding. Lady Colin Campbell, author of Diana in Private: The Princess Nobody Knows and star of ITV's I’m A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here, said she was told about the incident by a "household name" with "impeccable Palace connections". Speaking of the incident, Ms Campbell told The Star: "I can’t repeat it exactly, it’s in the book, but what I can say is, something happened at the very first garden party at Buckingham Palace to celebrate Prince Charles’ 70th birthday and all of his charity work. "Something happened there on the Tuesday, and I was told about it on the Wednesday evening at dinner by a household name with impeccable palace connections.  "We were all absolutely gobsmacked and astonished, we all thought this doesn't bode well. It was not a good harbinger, we were all hoping against hope the information was wrong, but of course it was accurate". According to the author, Meghan's blunder came just 15 minutes into the event when she turned to Harry and reportedly said: "Harry, this is really boring. Let’s leave." In the book, Ms Campbell wrote: "To his credit, he [Harry] informed her that they would have to stay." Meghan reportedly responded, saying: "But Harry, this is so boring. We’ve done our bit. Everyone knows we’ve been here. Let’s go." READ MORE: Queen's cousin admits 'daunting' task on Her Majesty's historic day Ms Campbell wrote: "Harry asserted that they had to stay, and they moved on." The royal author said that the Royal Family apparently invested a "tremendous amount of hope" in Meghan, and Lady C reported that "virtually everyone" she knew wanted her to be a success in the firm. Ms Campbell also said she was herself "emotionally invested in Meghan's success". However, she continued: "It quickly became apparent the ride may not be as smooth as everybody had hoped it would be." DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry urged to swerve streaming giant after show axed [INSIGHT]Prince Harry sent warning amid fears Duke may 'target' Camilla [ANALYSIS]Queen health update: Monarch set on appearing on balcony for Jubilee [COMMENT] The alleged incident is believed to have occurred two years before the Sussexes stepped down from their senior royal positions in the firm. Since stepping away from royal life, Harry and Meghan have launched their own charity, Archwell, gained production deals with Spotify and Netflix and written their own books. In an updated chapter of 'Finding Freedom", Harry and Meghan's unauthorised biography, sources claim that the couple "had made the right decision to step back from royal roles" and they don't have "any regrets". Prince Harry and Meghan's representatives have been approached for comment. 