Moaning constantly that it is a waste of taxpayers money and that there Is a cost of living crisis. Why should people get paid simply for being born? And then they claim that those in it are good for nothing. To be fair of late they may have a point. If you watched the FA Cup final between Liverpool and Chelsea attended by Prince William, you may be thinking that perhaps the boos that drowned out the national anthem, a Liverpudlian anti-establishment tradition, were a reflection of the opinion held by most about the Royal family.  For the past few decades, they’ve had a pretty bumpy ride. There’s Prince Andrew, who even the very passive and diplomatic Jenny Bond called arrogant. When have you ever heard her say a bad word about anybody? He settled out of court after being embroiled in an unsavoury legal battle when his association with paedophile Jeffrey Epstein and a picture with Virginia Giuffre, came to light. His fate was sealed and after paying an out-of-court settlement of millions, even though this was not an admission of guilt, the Queen dismissed him of his Royal working duties. Then there’s Prince Harry, who once for lols dressed up as a Nazi to attend a costume party, then married mixed race Meghan Markle. After running off to anywhere that would have them in pursuit of privacy, he accused someone in the Royal family of being racist in a global interview with Oprah. He, alongside his wife, then seemingly set about publicly espousing the virtues of anything that would pay them a fast buck. This hasn’t gone down as well as planned. Meghan’s book Bench, which is where most people left it, tanked. Netflix, who they signed a multi-million-dollar deal with, sadly dropped her Animated vision, Pearl, in a cost-cutting exercise. They did, however, continue with Harry’s ‘Heart of Invictus’ documentary. The Queen has also confirmed they will not be on the balcony for her Jubilee. The space being reserved for only ‘working Royals’. So who have we got left? Well there’s Charles and Camilla. A couple who were simply with the wrong people from the start. Was Diana was used because she was of childbearing age? The pair continued their relationship behind her back and in an interview, Diana famously said that there were three people in her marriage, a reference to Camilla. Diana’s untimely death led to a lot of speculation and conspiracy theories. In the end, true love conquered all. Camilla and Charles got married, despite her being divorced, and the public now seem prepared to accept Queen Camilla. She is apparently really nice, which helps, but nobody please mention the tampon comment. For those who don’t know about it, it cannot be unseen so I will spare you the detail. And of course, there’s William and Kate, a couple whose impeccable behaviour, love and humanity shine through.   You can’t help but adore them and their brood. William recently doing everything in his power to ensure he was able to present Bowel Babe Deborah James her Damehood. So will the Royal family survive? Well they’ve survived being displaced in the 17th Century, got through various wars and have withstood the test of time, unlike their European counterparts. The acid test will be how they are viewed by the young generation and how quickly they can adapt in this new online world. When I asked my mixed race 13-year-old daughter what she thought of them, she said that she loves the Queen, Meghan Markle’s behaviour is awful, Harry is disrespectful and Kate is amazing. She suggested skipping Charles and Camilla! People moan about the monarchy all the time, but the Republican alternative of yet more politicians, given the behaviour of our current lot, doesn’t bear thinking. Will the Monarchy survive? Of course it will.     