Supermarket Aldi has been selling its multipacks Corale baked beans shrink-wrapped for years. Now, the retailer is changing this in order to reduce plastic waste. Aldi will remove the plastic wrap from the Corale baked beans multipack. It is reported this will save 78 tonnes of single-use plastic from going to landfill every year. Although it is unclear how the multipack version will be sold, the supermarket confirmed it will still offer the discount when buying four tins. Aldi will also trial the removal of plastic wrap for its sweetcorn mini packs in the coming months. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'means business' - but his 'action is based on anger'  After the summer, and if the trial is successful, around 24 tonnes of plastic will be removed from circulation per year. This means Aldi shoppers will be buying more everyday items plastic-free. Plastics and Packaging Director at Aldi, Richard Gorman, said: “Removing unnecessary plastic from our multipack of beans is another step forward in our commitment to reduce plastic across our ranges. “We know it’s becoming increasingly important to our customers that their everyday products are environmentally-friendly, and we’re pleased that this move will help them shop more sustainably.”  Aldi is fully committed to reducing unnecessary plastic from its products. The retailer intends to significantly reduce the volume of plastic packaging by 2025. This translates to 74,000 tonnes of plastic removed from circulation. Aldi shoppers took to social media to praise the change. Twitter user Sam Rose commented: "Aldi is removing plastic shrink wrap from its multipacks of its Corale baked beans. HUGE NEWS!" Todger McBodger said: "I'll raise you Aldi Corale baked beans. First got into them when they sold them for 2p a can. Beautiful stuff." Jim Smith added: "Corale baked beans are the best on the planet!" James Murray added: "Green bean news from Aldi!" In other food news, M&S has warned Britons may face a pricier supermarket shop this year. M&S chairman Archie Norman told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: “It wouldn't be surprising to see food price inflation over the course of the year running towards eight percent to 10 percent." Therefore, food prices could be increasing up to 10 percent as the cost of living becomes increasingly higher.