Even Austria – once the poster child for draconian Covid restrictions – has ditched all measures for tourists, including the vaccine requirement. But the multi-billion-dollar worldwide tourism industry – which saw over 60 million jobs lost due to Covid – might be in for another serious shock! For starters, the global economic turndown – partly spurred on by pent-up demand after lockdowns but now compounded by the war in Ukraine – means that peoples’ discretionary spending is set to be slashed once more. As more people choose between food and fuel – with the Bank of England warning of ‘apocalyptic’ food shortages – spending on holidays could take a huge hit. In the grand scheme of things, holidays are rarely high on the priority list. This will be particularly tough for countries like Sri Lanka, which is heavily reliant on international tourism and currently gripped by economic crises caused by Covid lockdowns and government mismanagement. Sri Lanka isn’t alone however. Many tourism-dependent countries desperate for holidaymakers are now in the firing line as the global food shortage and inflation bites. And, as is often the case, China could be another major factor. The ruling Chinese Communist Party is currently maintaining its ‘Zero Covid’ policy just as the rest of the world is learning to live with the virus, locking people down in the harshest of manners in cities like Beijing and Shanghai. But now reports suggest Chinese peoples’ passports are actively being seized so they cannot leave the country, with green cards for America also allegedly being seized. Ostensibly all about fighting Covid, there could be other factors at play, such as preparing the Chinese for conflict with the US over Taiwan. From May 12, China’s National Immigration Administration (NIA) announced a ban on ‘non-essential’ foreign travel. According to Radio Free Asia, police in the Chinese province of Hunan said residents were asked to hand over passports for safekeeping, only to be returned “when the pandemic is over”. Aside from anything else, Chinese tourists have contributed over one-fifth of global tourism spending for the last few years. Across the world, Chinese tourists have provided a colossal source of income. Locked down Chinese tourists will only add insult to injury for the world’s hotels and airlines. Added to this, many countries are still maintaining testing and vaccine requirements which is putting off foreign travel. This includes major tourism destinations like the United States, Canada, Australia and Brazil. So much of a concern is this in America that airlines are asking Washington to lift the requirements for all international air travellers to test negative for Covid before entry. American tourists are also worried about leaving the States in case they test positive abroad and are stranded overseas.   Right now, international air travel to America remains 15 per cent below pre-pandemic levels. Airlines for America estimates that dropping testing rules would bring in an additional $1.7 billion in revenue. The last thing the global tourism sector needed after Covid was inflation and continued restrictions. Yet thanks to government decisions both before and after the pandemic this is exactly where we are. The knock-on effect for jobs and the global economy could be devastating, as tourists stay away from major cities, where they won’t be spending their money in restaurants, bars and museums. It seems the ghost of Covid is still haunting us, with many governments simply unable to let go of the restrictions they first imposed two years ago. Just as the world economy and global tourism industry was looking to turn a corner, they are being choked once again. 