Gabby Agbonlahor has snubbed Mohamed Salah and Kevin De Bruyne in his pick for the Premier League Player of the Season. Salah and De Bruyne have spearheaded Liverpool and Manchester City's title fight, but Agbonlahor believes a player further down the table deserves the award. The ex-Aston Villa ace believes Tottenham Hotspur forward Son Heung-min should be named the Premier League Player of the Season amid another campaign of impressive goalscoring exploits. Son has been directly involved in 27 league goals this term, registering 20 goals and seven assists, and has been crucial to Tottenham's push for a top-four finish. Only Salah has scored more goals than the South Korean (22). However, none of his 20 top-flight strikes have been from the penalty spot, and he has netted more times than any other player in that regard. Agbonlahor has explained why he'd vote for Son, rather than Salah and De Bruyne, as the Premier League's best player in 2021-22. JUST IN: Liverpool fired Klopp warning as Reds advised to 'move on' from Salah He told talkSPORT: "You know who I would probably give it to? I know it might be controversial, but Son [Heung-min]. He's scored 18/19 Premier League goals [with] no penalties. He's been on fire. Left foot, right foot, smashing them in. If I could vote for a player now for the Premier League Player of the Season, I'd pick Son." While the Premier League's award is player-voted, Salah and De Bruyne are unsurprisingly the clear favourites to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award after contributing to 57 goals combined in the league this season. De Bruyne dazzled on Wednesday night, scoring four goals in Man City's 5-1 rout at Wolves to extend their lead at the summit. READ MORE: Agbonlahor makes worrying double prediction as Leeds relegation looms Son joins Harry Kane, Phil Foden and Virgil van Dijk in the pool of outside runners for the award among bookmakers. And while Salah or De Bruyne are likely to pick up either or both of the top player awards, the 29-year-old's contributions this term won't be forgotten, especially if Spurs beat Arsenal to fourth. The bitter rivals will clash at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on Thursday night in a north London derby with monumental stakes. If the Gunners are triumphant, Mikel Arteta will have successfully guided them to a Champion League return. But if Antonio Conte's hosts win on the night, they will move just one point behind Arsenal with two games left to play. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.