Deborah James, 40, announced on Monday that she was being moved into hospice at home care, as there was no longer anything medical professionals could do to help her. The BBC broadcaster took to her final column to speak about the last stage of her life and her "daily" fight to stay alive. Deborah shared an update on her condition after posting an emotional farewell message to fans on Twitter earlier this week. She said: "My body is so emaciated that I have no choice but to surrender to the inevitable. "Four bouts of back-to-back sepsis has left me with zero reserves and zero bouncebackability. "Sadly the last week has seen a rapid decline in my physical ability, meaning that my husband and everyone in my beautiful extended family have had to carry me around, from sitting, to the bed, to the toilet – I have no ability to use my legs or arms anymore. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care "I have never known tiredness like it and yet I fight daily to stay awake enough to complete a To-do list of things that I want to check off before I die", she said in her The Sun column. Deborah then discussed what hospice care entailed as she now takes "everything day by day" in order to give her the "best quality death" that is possible. She then discussed what brings her joy and things she has accomplished from her to-do list, such as going to her parents' home and watching her family "in awe as they somehow manage to smile through the heartbreak". Deborah then thanked her supporters and the hard work of the hospitals she has attended, feeling "confident no stone was left unturned". Deborah announced on Monday she had been moved to hospice care with a heartbreaking message. She penned: "So, I suppose this is the message I never wanted to get to! But it's written with a vision that I'm truly determined to deliver. "We have tried everything, but my body simply isn't playing ball. Even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, I realise that my rollercoaster of a ride is coming to an end very soon. "Your support in establishing the Bowelbabe Fund, continuing to spread the word, and smashing those poo taboos will forever be cherished!" DON'T MISS... Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [HEALTH] Dan Walker forced to rush to BBC Breakfast as he makes last week error [BBC] Homes Under The Hammer host Martin Roberts in plea to fans [COMMENT] Those offering their support to Deborah on Twitter include Sky Sports' Jeff Stelling and BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker. Deborah has built up an enormous fanbase since she was diagnosed with stage three bowel cancer in 2016, which went on to become stage four, meaning it was incurable. As of now, the total of her BowelBabe fundraising page for Cancer Research UK has reached £2,491,428. Taking to her Instagram, Deborah couldn't believe what the fundraiser had achieved. In view of her 467,000 followers, she penned: "I never in my wildest dreams thought we'd be waking up to this total 12 hours later. "I'm actually crying! Because I know we can continue to help fund some really vital projects @cr_uk @royalmarsden and at @bowelcanceruk with this money." Her new charity fund, Bowelbabe Fund is for Cancer Research UK, with all donations going to the organisation. You can donate here.