Tory Nichols (played by Peyton List) and Sam LaRusso (Mary Mouser) have been engaged in an epic feud throughout all four seasons of Cobra Kai so far. Now the latest trailer for the Netflix drama’s next season has finally been released, confirming a late 2022 release date, Terry Silver’s (Thomas Ian Griffith) protege may finally have a chance to turn things around. The fifth season of Cobra Kai is nearly upon us, and the new trailer has teased a huge change of heart for troubled high schooler Tori. Not only does the latest footage confirm the series has been moved up to a September 2022 release, but it has also given fans a closer look at Danny LaRusso’s (Ralph Macchio) epic bout with returning villain Terry Silver. A key moment of wisdom from Johnny Lawrence (William Zabka) also seems to suggest Tori is starting to consider a change of heart. In the new trailer, Johnny walks into the old Cobra Kai dojo and muses over its mantra: "Strike first, strike hard, no mercy." READ MORE: The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 theory: Serena Joy avenges Fred’s death His voiceover says: “We all get s**t wrong sometimes. “But if you own up to your mistakes, you always have a shot at making things right.” The next scenes in the trailer heavily imply it’s Tori he’s speaking to as she begins to seriously consider her future after a controversial win against Sam in the All-Valley Tournament. In what appears to be a dream sequence, her rival Sam is spinning out of control in a black void. Tori is then seen alone in her bedroom, looking over the All-Valley trophy she’s still unsure was fully deserved. At the end of the fourth season, the vicious Cobra Kai student got one over on Sam with an accidental yet illegal elbow to the face in their crucial final fight. Plus, Terry was later confirmed to have fixed the match by bribing a corrupt All-Valley official. If Tori discovers her victory wasn’t legitimate, she may start to question Terry’s methods and try to reconcile with Sam and Danny. DON'T MISS:Nick Knowles ‘walked off camera’ during emotional DIY SOS [INTERVIEW]Dan Wootton rages at ‘woke’ FA who want Three Lions banned [OPINION]The Last Kingdom’s Aelswith star recalls Alexander's final scene [INSIGHT] Since his maligned appearance in The Karate Kid Part III, Terry has fully returned to his role as a full-on supervillain after framing Sensei Kreese (Martin Kove) for an assault he committed himself. He has now launched a full-scale invasion of the valley’s dojos, and Danny will need all the help he can get to take him down, including his returning friend from Japan, Chozen Toguchi (Yuji Okumoto). “Today is a turning point for Cobra Kai,” Terry warns in a sinister speech. “Our competition has closed up shop. And the only thing better than a full dojo is a whole valley of full dojos. Come join us.” Later, he warns Danny: “You’re playing with fire, Danny boy.” Chozen shoots back at his new rival: “And I am gasoline.” Meanwhile, Johnny Lawrence and Robby’s (Tanner Buchanan) plan to find Miguel (Xolo Maridueña) in Mexico goes awry when they find themselves in a dangerous brawl in an FBI fight club. Cobra Kai may still have a sixth season in the works to continue the Karate Kid saga, but time could be up for Terry’s dojo if Miyagi-do and Eagle Fang manage to get Tori on their side. Cobra Kai season 5 will be released September 9 on Netflix.