Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta views Manchester City ace Oleksandr Zinchenko as a midfielder ahead of a possible summer switch, according to reports. Ukrainian international Zinchenko has been linked with a move to the north Londoners, who are expected to conduct a busy transfer window. The Gunners will back Arteta with a big transfer budget despite the failure to qualify for the Champions League. City star Zinchenko is one of the players who has been linked with a move. Having made just 15 Premier League appearances last term, the 25-year-old could seek regular game time away from the Etihad Stadium ahead of next season. A switch to the Emirates Stadium would allow him to compete for more minutes. Gunners boss Arteta could also convince Zinchenko to make the move by offering him a position in midfield. The player spent most of his youth career in the middle of the park, while also appearing there for Ukraine. JUST IN: Man Utd 'send officials to Brazil' to watch exciting player According to the Daily Mail, the Arsenal head coach views Zinchenko as more of a midfield player who could fill in at left-back. It is on the left side of a back four where he has featured most prominently under Pep Guardiola. Zinchenko was key to City’s remarkable turnaround against Aston Villa last weekend which helped them beat Liverpool to the Premier League title. He was thrust into the action at half-time and Guardiola praised his performance. City trailed 2-0 midway through the second half, only for an Ilkay Gundogan brace and a strike by Rodri to seal the top-flight success. It marked Zinchenko’s fourth Premier League triumph and he has promised to take the trophy back to Ukraine, which remains under Russian invasion.   DON'T MISS...Arsenal 'outbid West Ham' with Hickey offer as Arteta business beginsArsenal 'ask' about new left-back amid Tierney and Tavares concernsNewcastle join clubs waiting for Arteta decision on Arsenal's Saliba Arsenal will hope they can tempt the former PSV loanee to North London as part of a busy summer transfer window. Arteta is being backed with funds after qualifying for the Europa League. A £150million outlay made Arsenal the biggest spenders in the Premier League ahead of last season. A similar figure is not beyond possibility as they hope to go one better by qualifying for the Champions League. Zinchenko would go into a midfield that became weaker following Thomas Partey’s injury towards the end of the campaign. A striker is top of the Spaniard’s wish list, while another defender would also come in handy. Zinchenko’s City team-mate Gabriel Jesus has also been linked with a transfer to Arsenal but his agent has already confirmed that the Gunners face plenty of competition. Arsenal have offered Eddie Nketiah a new contract, according to various reports, but will still need a new forward if Alexandre Lacazette departs when his contract expires at the end of June.