Spiders are one of the most common insects spotted in the UK, both outside and around the home. Though most species are harmless, these creepy crawlies can be unpleasant to find lurking in dark corners of your property - so how can you get rid of them? Strong scents are one of the best natural repellents for unwanted spiders, and these are five of the most effective fragrances to use.    These eight-legged insects use their small bodies to crawl up walls and ceilings, making them almost impossible to catch on-the-go. While it’s not always easy to get rid of existing spiders in your property, taking advantage of their strong sense of smell is one of the easiest ways to stop them from emerging from the cracks and crevices in your home. Fragrant oils, extracts and condiments can all be used to repel scurrying insects, and these are the best flavours to use. READ MORE: When to deadhead - key signs you need to deadhead these 20 flowers  Whether you grow your own potted mint plant or use a fresh mint spray to keep them away, this green herb can be used in many different ways to repel spiders in your home. Using peppermint essential oil is an easy way to spray the fragrance directly onto problem areas, just dilute the strong extract in water first. Zoflora recommended adding 15 to 20 drops of the essential oil into a spray bottle filled with water, along with a few capfuls of Zoflora fragrance. Shake the bottle and spritz the spider-repellent around cracks, crevices, windows, and doors around your property. Cinnamon is loved for its warm, spiced flavour, but this popular ingredient has quite the opposite effect on spiders. You’ll need natural cinnamon sticks or quills for this to work. Just place the fragrant spice around the areas where you’ve seen spiders in your home. Replace the sticks every few months to maintain the strong essence. If spiders have been nesting in your door or window frames, swap the sticks for ground cinnamon, which can be sprinkled carefully into the gaps. Be careful with white window frames, as this pungent spice can often stain with a yellow residue. DON'T MISS:How to deal with rats in your garden - 5 non-toxic ways to banish rats [INSIGHT]How long does grass seed take to grow? 4 ways to speed it up [ANALYSIS]Japanese knotweed costs thousands to banish - key signs [REVEAL] What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This popular condiment is known for its naturally cleansing properties, and its strong scent makes it perfect for banishing unwanted pests in the home. Most types of vinegar will work well to stop spiders in their tracks, though you should avoid using anything other than white vinegar on fabrics and delicate surfaces. Apple cider vinegar is the most effective product to use, just mix it in with a few other fragrant ingredients. Pour one cup of ACV into a bowl, adding one cup of ground black pepper and a teaspoon of dish soap. Transfer into a spray bottle and spritz in areas where you have seen spiders emerge in your home. While this fragrant solution will cost a little more to make, the strong combination of both cedar and tobacco is very effective in repelling spiders. Pour 10 drops of cedarwood essential oil and five drops of tobacco essential oil into an empty spray bottle. Fill with two cups of water and shake well to dilute the oils. Spray around your home - particularly around openings on windowsills and along skirting boards. The fresh smell of citrus fruits such as lemons and lime can be unpleasant for household pets, but it really does work well if you notice an influx of spiders scurrying around your home. The peel of a few grapefruits, lemons, limes or oranges is all you need for this waste-free solution, so be sure to save them after enjoying some fresh fruit. Simply place the peel into small ramekins around your home, replacing every few days as the fragrances dries out. You can use citrus essential oil in a spray if you prefer. Just mix 15 to 20 drops into a spray bottle and dilute with water.