As viewers tuned in to the midseason finale of the AMC and Netflix crime series, many were unprepared to feel crushed after another thrilling episode of Better Call Saul. The Breaking Bad prequel spin-off had fans on the edge of their seats after an unexpected character met their demise.  Throughout the series, fans have been watching to see how Better Call Saul will set the scene for the beginning of the highly acclaimed Breaking Bad. Although there have been major clues hinting at the original series, fans will have to wait until the return of season six to spot more. Until then, fans were left reeling after the tense crime drama came to a jaw-dropping end which saw two unlikely characters cross paths. After the shocking cliffhanger, fans took to social media to share their disbelief at the midseason finale. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast The episode titled ‘Plan an Execution,’ saw Howard Hamlin (played by Patrick Fabian) find himself in the wrong place at the wrong time. He was still visibly annoyed having lost the Sandpiper Crossing retirement home to Jimmy McGill (Bob Odenkirk) and Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn). The couple did so unlawfully as they hired Howard's private investigator to switch photos and coat the photographic evidence in a mysterious topical substance. After it made Howard look as though he was high during the court proceedings, the judge agreed on a settlement, which left Jimmy with a hefty payout.  However, things took a turn for the worse when Howard showed up at the couple’s apartment. There he crossed paths with Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton) who was going to do anything to keep his whereabouts under wraps. After he also made an appearance at the apartment, Kim and Jimmy were paralyzed with fear while Howard was completely oblivious to any danger. He had just shown up, to find a reasonable resolution for Sandpiper Crossing but without the slightest hesitation, Lalo attached the silencer to his weapon and executed Howard in cold blood, while Kim and Jimmy watched in horror.  DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [THEORY]When is Better Call Saul season 6, episode 8 released? [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul’s Giancarlo Esposito exposes meaning in Kim’s turn [INSIGHT] Fans were completely floored by the scene and took to Twitter to share their mixed reaction of shock and amazement. @Sonkbud tweeted: “Imagine writing a prequel to one of the most popular tv series of all time - where every major character’s fate is common knowledge - and still leaving the audience speechless.” Another fan, @juliatayloe was in disbelief as she wrote: “And I’m supposed to go to BED after that?!?!?!?!!??! I feel like I need therapy.” As @sportscappercam added: “Tonight’s [Better Call Saul] episode was one of the best episodes of anything in the history of television and I’m not exaggerating.. absolutely floored.”  A shocked @ani_matt_ions shared: “BRO WHAT THE F**K. THAT [Better Call Saul] CLIFF HANGER AND THEN A MID SEASON BREAK!?” While @kbroosky tweeted: “NOT HOWARD OH MY HELL WHAT JUST EFFING HAPPENED.” @ericalva91stated: “Dear f*****g god lord Jesus what a mid season finale! [Better Call Saul] this is the best show ever hands f*****g down.” Thankfully for fans, the series will return with the rest of season six this year, after a six-week break. Better Call Saul is available on AMC in the US and the following day for international fans on Netflix. 