Royal Mail workers will stage a protest this week against a "degrading" real-terms pay cut. Chiefs offered to break a year-long wage freeze with a two percent pay rise in April and a £250 one-off lump sum. With inflation hitting seven percent, Communication Workers Union (CWU) representatives have branded the offer as a real-term pay cut and plan to stage a strike in protest on May 3. Post office staff with the CWU will hold a single-day strike on Tuesday, May 3, approved by 97.3 percent of the union's Post Office members. Approximately 2,000 members will join the strikes, the CWU estimates after assistant secretary Andy Furey called Royal Mail's offer “an insult”. Mr Farey added that responsibility for the first national strike for "a number of years" lies "100 percent" with Post Office senior management. READ MORE: Postmasters to get compensated for the IT scandal He added: “They have told us that they’re freezing pay in keeping with official government and public-sector pay policy. "But that’s an outrageous and dishonest excuse as the Government’s austerity measures do not apply to the Post Office.” Tomorrow's action will seek to force the organisation to support workers as they face a cost of living crunch. The CWU has claimed the action will disrupt all cash collections and deliveries at 114 Crown Post Offices. Branches would "remain open throughout the day", the spokesman added. The limited May 3 action could follow more, with the Post Office reportedly considering controversial changes to staff schedules. The Royal Mail has said it would like to compete with other delivery services such as the DPD and Amazon, which deliver on Sundays. In return, it has proposed giving employees who volunteer for the weekend runs the previously proposed two percent pay rise, an additional 1.5 percent after the changes take effect, and a two percent "above-and-beyond" bonus. The CWU has responded by calling for a "no strings" deal to increase salaries with inflation. Deputy general secretary Terry Pullinger said that, without an agreement, it would pursue a "four-week" union resolution process "at a national level". He said: "We are giving them one week, and if we’re not in sight of a no-strings pay award we’ll instigate the four-week resolution process at a national level. "They want to smash up this great public service and fill their pockets with gold. We have to fight with everything we’ve got."