Manchester United will sport yet another new home shirt for when Erik ten Hag takes charge. The Red Devils, like every other team in the Premier League, change their jerseys year after year. And the new kit certainly looks like it’s throwing things back to the 1990s when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. In the 1990s, Manchester United were the best team in the Premier League. Ferguson assembled a squad full of immense talent to win six league titles during that decade, despite Arsenal, Newcastle and Blackburn also competing. Also during that time, United often wore kits with collars and smart embroidery on - as a reflection of that time period. When you think of players such as Eric Cantona, Steve Bruce and Bryan Robson, it’s hard for those jerseys not to come to mind. So with the new strip appearing to leak online, courtesy of Jersey Review, it’s time to look at the three best things about it. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Let’s start with the obvious. United haven’t had a jersey sport a raised collar since the 2010/2011 season, when they had the likes of Wayne Rooney, Dimitar Berbatov and Nani at their disposal. This design shows it has the club’s white and black colours and it certainly looks pretty impressive. It can be buttoned up, it seems, so fans can channel their inner Cantona. And it can also be left open if players and supporters would rather wear it in that way. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United’s badge also has a retro look to it. And it certainly evokes memories of the 2006/2007 campaign, when they dethroned Chelsea as Premier League champions. United saw Rooney and Cristiano Ronaldo dazzle that year, with the duo stepping up to fire the club to title glory. And the Red Devils will be hoping for a similarly successful season when Ten Hag takes over. That will be a big ask, with Manchester City and Liverpool dominating. But stranger things have certainly happened in football in the past… THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United have become accustomed to being known as a team who play in red and white. But black has also been a prominent colour on their kits in the past and, on the same jersey as the white, it makes the home shirt look presentable. United last wore black on their home strip in the 2018/2019 season. Yet that’s certainly one they’ll want to forget. United finished sixth in the table that year under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, missing out on Champions League football and failing to win a trophy. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Just before the Premier League was first formed, United were sponsored by Adidas. However, they then decided to go with Umbro for their first decade competing in the top flight. In 2002, United then switched to Nike - where they experienced great success. In 2015, after struggling under Louis van Gaal, Ed Woodward then decided to change things up again. And United have been with Adidas ever since, who they’re contracted with until 2025.