Chatting with Alison Hammond and Craig Doyle on This Morning on Friday, Michael Le Vell and Sally Carman, who play Kevin Webster and Abi Franklin, tried their hardest to keep storylines under lock and key but let slip a few teasers for fans. Still trying to piece her life together after her son Seb's (played by Harry Visinoni) death, Abi's already fractured life is turned upside down with her new unexpected baby from a one night stand with Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo). To get her life back on track, does she need to leave Weatherfield, or will Imran need to be the one to exit their lives for good?   Abi has had a troubled couple of weeks and is still mourning the loss of Seb. On top of this, she is trying to prove herself fit to be a mother to her new son Alfie. However, the star has revealed things might be looking up for her character. ITV host Alison asked: "And Sally, Abi [Franklin], I just feel so sorry for her because her life is just so tragic. Read More: 'Want to go and punch their lights out' Jane McDonald fumes as filming interrupted    "It always goes wrong for her. When is she going to get a happy ending? Sally replied: "She needs to get a grip. It's time, isn't it? Agreeing with her, Alison added: "She really does." Sitting on the iconic This Morning sofa with her, Michael chimed in: "She must try harder." Nodding her head, Sally commented: "She must try harder. I think maybe there is one [happy ending] on the horizon." Realising she may have started to reveal too much information, she concluded: "I don't know. I can't say any more." Will Abi's happy ending mean she and veteran Kevin leave the cobbles to start a new life? "She's going to give it away," Alison jested, hoping she would divulge more. DON’T MISS…Neil Dudgeon wife: Who is the Midsomer Murders star married to?  [LATEST]Where are the original cast of Midsomer Murders now? [LATEST]Midsomer Murders welcomes back John Nettles for a special episode 'Tribute to the talent' [LATEST]  Putting her foot down, Sally concluded: "I know, I'm hopeless!" Also, during their joint interview segment on the morning show, Michael confirmed their co-star Charlie is no longer on the soap and a big week is ahead of them. He said: "There's a quite intense week coming up, mainly for Abi [Franklin] and Imran Habeeb, which we found out is not that easy to say. "Can you imagine saying that on a daily basis?    