We all know of the 'added tax' tourists may receive on holiday, however, one mum and her 19-year-old daughter say they had only ordered two cocktails and a portion of crab legs. After finishing their meal, while lounging in some deckchairs for a few hours, they received the bill. But when the bill came it showed they were being charged €520 (£442.46) with a €78 (£66.37) tip. Complaining about the hefty bill, The Sun reported that the woman told her travel agent: “We spent a beautiful day at the beach but please, warn your future customers that the restaurant-bar we visited, charged us €600 for two cocktails and a portion of crab legs. “While we knew that the bill would not exceed €200, suddenly they asked us to pay €600!" They refused to pay the eye-watering bill, claiming they were then blocked from leaving by male staff members at the restaurant. She added that they did use the deckchairs for three hours but didn't understand how it could have cost so much for ordering so little food and drinks. READ MORE: British expats: Where the ‘longest living people’ in the world live On average, visitors spend 607 euros on their holiday in Greece. They pledged to file a police report after hearing from locals it happens all the time. Greece is heavily dependent on tourism with one in four people working in the travel industry. In 2018, tourism accounted for as much as 20.6 percent of the country's GDP, and 30 million tourists are said to have visited the country that year. DON'T MISS: Jet2 slaps ‘violent’ brothers with lifetime ban and 50k bill [INSIGHT]Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free  [EXPERT]Stewardess on Russian oligarch yacht asked to make 'dolphins jump' [COMMENT] Tourism played an important role in Greece's way out of the financial crisis. Famous holiday destinations such as Mykonos, Santorini, Crete and Corfu are hard to resist. On average, every visitor spends 607 euros on their holiday in Greece. It is to be expected that this year only a fraction of this amount per visitor will remain in the country. Sadly this is not the first time tourists have been caught out while on holiday. In 2019, a tourist at a Mykonos restaurant was left fuming after being charged €591 (£503) for just six pieces of calamari. That same year, a group of British tourists were charged €82 (£70) for eight soft drinks after visiting a restaurant in Rhodes. Before picking a restaurant, it is a good idea to do your research and look at customer reviews on sites such as TripAdvisor. It is also advisable to check the restaurant’s website and social media channels to avoid disappointment. When it comes to paying in a restaurant, always check the bill carefully. Also, be sure that you know the tipping culture, such as whether the tip is included in the bill or not. If you are paying with a credit card, then for security reasons, never let the waiter/waitress take the card away from the table with them. If they need to take the card over to a card reader by the till, then be sure to go with them, so that you can see the transaction take place with your own eyes.