With the recent news that one of Cobain’s guitars, which he dubbed the “best he has ever played” has sold for $4.5 million, thousands are remembering the talented Smells Like Teen Spirit singer. Having struggled with drug addiction for most of his fame, in 1993, before a gig Cobain overdosed on heroin. In a shock twist to the incident, rather than calling an ambulance his wife, Courtney Love, injected him with naloxone, medication used to block the effects of drugs, and he came round. Whilst also on tour in Europe Cobain was struck down with bronchitis, severe laryngitis and complained about persistent stomach problems. Although thought to be connected to his drug withdrawal, others suspected the problem could be connected to IBS. In a 2021 article, journalist Michael Azerrad said that few took the star’s “crippling stomach pain” seriously. In fact, Cobain frequently slammed doctors in interviews saying that during “six years of being in constant pain", medical professionals never figured out the cause of the problem. “Most gastro-intestinal doctors don't know anything about stomach diseases,” he is reported to have claimed in a former interview. “They just have PhDs, get paid a lot of money for pretending and prescribing drugs, it's a total scam.” READ MORE: Dementia warning: Five types of meat may cause dementia that gets worse ‘unusually fast’  Clearly angered by the mystery surrounding his stomach problems, Cobain also blamed the worsening of his scoliosis for damaging his body. First diagnosed with scoliosis - a sideways curvature of the spine - as a youngster in school, the singer said that the weight of his guitar made the condition relatively worse, which contributed to the “anger” in Nirvana’s music. He is reported saying: “My body is damaged from music in two ways. I have a red irritation in my stomach. It’s psychosomatic, caused by all the anger and the screaming. “I have scoliosis, where the curvature of your spine is bent, and the weight of my guitar has made it worse. I’m always in pain, and that adds to the anger in our music.  READ MORE: Dementia warning: Five types of meat may cause dementia that gets worse ‘unusually fast’ “I had minor scoliosis in junior high, and since I’ve been playing guitar ever since, the weight to the guitar has made my back grow in this curvature. So when I stand, everything is sideways. It’s weird. “That really adds to the pain in our music. It really does. I’m kind of grateful for it.” It was trying to cope with his various ailments that allegedly turned Cobain to drugs, but the star’s drug problems lasted for most of his career, with multiple attempts to get him to stay in rehab. Perhaps never getting to the bottom of his stomach problems, psychology professor Elizabeth Hartney, BSc, MSc, MA, PhD explained in 2020 that a major withdrawal symptom of drug addiction is stomach pain and diarrhoea.   She said: “Diarrhoea isn't something many people feel comfortable talking about, but the distress caused by severe diarrhoea can be a major factor impacting the decision to quit drugs for many users. “Diarrhoea and stomach pain from diarrhoea can be withdrawal symptoms among people who have been addicted to some drugs, particularly opiates, or even after a period of intense substance use. Symptoms may range from mild to severe.” Symptoms such as those associated with stomach pain occur after drug use as the body and brain are forced to change. When on drugs, the brain has to adjust to changes in the functioning of neurotransmitters - chemicals in the brain that affect the nervous system. But when these substances stop, it causes more changes, unsettling the stomach. However, it is important to note that with the correct treatment, stomach pain as a result of drug abuse can be eased. Hartney recommends the following in order to help control unpleasant symptoms:  Persistent changes in bowel habits can also be a sign of IBS, which Cobain may have suffered from. However, this statement remains unproven due to the overlap of symptoms with the drug-related symptoms listed above. The Mayo Clinic explains that IBs symptoms vary but are usually present for an extended period of time. The most common include: Symptoms can sometimes be triggered by specific types of food including wheat, dairy products, citrus fruits, beans, cabbage, milk and carbonated drinks. Or extreme levels of stress. Due to this, many individuals find that symptoms ease after they control their diet and manage their stress levels. Medical professionals also recommend individuals drink plenty of fluids, exercise regularly and get enough sleep to help minimise discomfort. 