However, it will follow a chilly and damp run-up to the weekend with wind and heavy downpours set to sweep the nation from today. Scotland and the north stand to fare worse, although low pressure will plunge much of the country into a gloomy lull.  Heavy rain over the next couple of days will clear up in time for the holiday, according to the Met Office. Deputy chief meteorologist Helen Caughey said: “While it may be an unsettled start for some with showers for northern and western areas, many areas will see generally settled conditions over much of the long Jubilee Weekend, with plenty of dry weather and good spells of sunshine. “Temperatures will be widely into the low 20s, feeling warmer in the sunshine, although temperatures will drop off quickly into the evenings.” And while a plume of warm air will push temperatures in the right direction, it could spark some heavy downpours, she added. She said: “The main source of any uncertainty for the weekend itself is to do with how far a plume of warm air to the south encroaches over southern areas of the UK." “At present it’s looking like it could glance the far southeast on Saturday and Sunday, which would bring with it the risk of some showers, although the heaviest showers look likely to be contained over the continent.” Britons should take cover later today when wind and rain will sweep in from the Atlantic. Weathertrending meteorologist John Hammond warned the weather will get worse before it gets better. Persistent showers will hit northern, western and central regions before dying down later this week, he explained. He said: “On Tuesday, there are more showers around, and they will be quite slow-moving and heavy." “By the middle of the week there is a better chance of staying dry in the south, and the nights will be chilly." “High pressure tries to build in over the Jubilee weekend but it never gets that high, which means we can never completely eliminate showers but they should be few and far between over the weekend." “But, after a very showery week it looks like it is drying up for the weekend and it looks warmer too.” A plume of cold air from the north will also bring chilly nights and the risk of the odd morning frost, he added. Government forecasters have kept their eyes on a battle between pressure systems which has made for a Jubilee forecasting nightmare. Low pressure to the west of the UK, egged on by a turbulent jet stream, has vied with high pressure fighting for settled conditions. The tussle between pressure systems, known as the North Atlantic Oscillation (NAO), could still shake up the weekend weather. Met Office meteorologist Aidan McGivern said: “This is a see-saw like pattern we see across the northern hemisphere known as the North Atlantic oscillation." “The positive North Atlantic Oscillation involves lower than average pressure over Iceland and higher than average pressure over the Azores, and this brings a much more powerful jet stream and powerful westerlies." “Some computer models suggest low pressure will drift our way to bring more widespread showers, other computer models suggest that low doesn’t come anywhere near us." “Weather models show generally light winds and temperatures recovering, but there is a lot of uncertainty next week about details of the rainfall.” While rain threatens to dampen plans for the Jubilee run-up, sunshine and blue skies at the weekend are back on. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “The first two days of the Jubilee holiday are the most likely to see showers, and these could be heavy and thundery. “But on the weekend itself, it looks calmer and drier, and although it isn’t going to be a scorcher, there is a good chance of some pleasant British weather." “If you are out and about though, there will still be a risk of downpours, so it is a good idea while enjoying the celebrations, to look over your shoulder for whatever the weather may dish up.” Forecasters have described forecasting for the Jubilee a ‘nightmare’ with weather models switching day to day. Even the bookies have gone back to the drawing board on the Jubilee and are now slashing the odds on a regal scorcher. Ladbrokes is offering 3-1 on the holiday bringing the hottest day of the year while Coral is offering 1-3 for temperatures to reach 20Cevery day from Thursday to Sunday. Ladbrokes’ Alex Apati said: “There's every chance Brits are treated to a record-breaking scorcher across the Queen's Jubilee weekend." Coral’s Harry Aitkenhead added: “While it won't be a scorching Bank Holiday, we make it odds on that temperatures reach 20C each day of the festivities." “Brits can leave their jumpers at home as they head out to celebrate The Queen's Platinum Jubilee.”