While it’s easy to forget, it’s important that Britons wash their duvet on a regular basis, too. Although, these don’t need to be cleaned quite as often - ideally every month. Not only is washing your duvet crucial for hygiene, it also helps to keep dust mites at bay. Olly Cavner, Resident Services Manager, at apartment rental brand, Essential Living spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk on how to wash duvets for the best possible results. He explained how often duvets need to be cleaned and easy ways to achieve the “best results”. Olly said: “Ideally a duvet cover should be washed once a month to keep it clean and hygienic. “What’s more, looking after your duvet is very different from washing standard sheets and blankets. For best results, follow these simple steps.” Before thinking about washing a duvet, remove any covers. The laundry pro said: “Before you decide to wash your duvet, make sure that it doesn’t require dry cleaning. “Generally, if your duvet is made of cotton or a cotton blend, it can be machine washed. READ MORE: Bedding: Two easy hacks to change your duvet cover “Also, before washing your duvet, you will want to sew up any holes or tears in it, as this will prevent the stuffing from your duvet from falling out during the washing and drying cycles.” Olly also highlighted the importance of following the instructions on the duvet’s care label. He explained: “It’s also important to follow the instructions on the label of your duvet. “The picture of a tub or bucket tells you whether or not the article can be washed. “The number in the tub is the maximum water temperature. A hand in the tub means the item must be hand-washed only. “A square with a circle inside it represents the dryer and the dots inside this symbol correspond to the temperature of the dryer. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from taps using 2p hack - ‘easy’ [TIPS]Pests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [EXPERT]Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds [COMMENT] “Fewer dots means lower temperatures, and more or bigger dots mean higher heat may be used.” The cleaning expert suggested pre-soaking the duvet for the “best results”. He said: “For the best results, and especially if your duvet is really dirty, pre-soak it before you begin washing it. “You can pre-soak your duvet in a sink, bin, or large container that will hold your duvet (often people will use their bathtub). Once your duvet is placed, soak for up to an hour.” When it comes to washing the duvet, Olly advised using a natural detergent or a gentle commercial detergent specifically designed for delicate fabrics. Although, regardless of which kind of detergent chosen, be sure not to use too much. This is because excess detergent can be as damaging as using a harsh detergent and strip the down filling of its natural oils and fibres. When washing a duvet, it’s important to wash them at the correct temperature. Olly said: “Ideally, you should always wash your duvet and pillow at 60 degrees to properly clean them and kill any house dust mites.” In terms of which products to use in the washing machine, the laundry guru suggests adding baking soda and white vinegar to the chosen detergent. He said: “A top tip when washing is to add a half cup of baking soda along with your detergent of choice at the beginning of the wash cycle, and a half cup of white vinegar at the beginning of the first rinse cycle. “This will help soften and freshen your duvet. “For white duvets, you can use a laundry booster like borax or baking soda to ensure that your duvet stays a beautiful bright white colour.” Because of the delicate threading on duvets, it’s important to wash it on a gentle cycle to avoid unstitching. Also, be sure to run the rinse cycle twice, because due to the thick matting inside duvets, the detergent can get trapped in there more easily than thinner sheets and blankets.