While a TV licence costs £159 and is a legal requirement for people to watch live TV on any channel, not everyone has to pay full price. At the same time millions of Britons could also save a fortune on TV streaming services like Netflix. Although a TV licence is a legal requirement, not everyone needs to fork out the £159 fee. Peoples’ viewing habits have changed with streaming services like Netflix becoming more popular. Britons who only watch Netflix and YouTube could save money by asking for a refund on their BBC TV licence. Thousands of pensioners could get help with the cost of living as they qualify for a free TV licence if they claim Pension Credit and are 75 years or over. READ MORE: Halifax customers are in with even more chances to win £100,000 To qualify for Pension Credit, pensioners need to be earning less than £177.10 per week or £270.30 for a couple. While older people aged over 75 receiving Pension Credit get a TV licence for free, blind or sight impaired people get a 50 percent reduction. Care home residents that have ARC schemes will pay a concessionary rate of £7.50, while over 75s in residences that have ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. Anyone who doesn’t watch live TV or record or stream live TV to watch later doesn’t have to pay either. DON'T MISSPension ‘crisis’ as plans to retire at 66 shattered for many women [ALERT]Halifax customers are in with even more chances to win £100,000 [UPDATE]Pension warning as Rishi Sunak to harvest £6billion from savers [WARNING] More than one million Britons are making additional savings by cancelling TV subscriptions according to research by Giggster. This Morning’s consumer journalist Alice Beer recently reminded viewers to check whether they are using all their streaming services. She encouraged people to check whether they were using the top tier package and downgrading if they aren’t. Ms Beer suggested people could also make use of family plans to save money. She said: “Have a look also at the family plans. “Netflix you can get up to four devices - my daughters are using my account - so that’s fine.” She also said people don't often realise they can make savings by paying in advance. However, this doesn't work if people are going to ‘bounce’ from subscriptions. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The typical TV streaming packages cost: Netflix £10.99Amazon Prime £7.99Now TV £9.99Disney+ £7.99Apple TV+ £4.99BritBox £5.99.