Rishi Sunak's announcement comes just after the news that the energy price cap could rise by a further £800 in October, which already rose by more than £600 in April. The Chancellor and Prime Minister Boris Johnson have been urged by experts and the public to do more to help struggling households with the huge rise in energy bills and skyrocketing inflation. Inflation is running at around nine percent, a 40-year high, and forecasts only expect this to get worse as 2022 continues. The Chancellor originally announced a £200 loan to reduce energy bills from October, that would be paid back interest-free over five years. Council tax rebates have also been issued up and down the country, cutting £150 off the annual bill for households in bands A to D. But the measures already taken have been widely criticised, and have come under even further scrutiny since it emerged the UK's energy regulator Ofgem said typical household energy bills could rise by £800 in October, to £2,800 a year. READ MORE: Energy crisis lifeline as UK company vows to slash £550 off price cap Chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed a temporary windfall tax on oil and gas giants but said it would include a "new investment allowance" to incentivise the reinvestment of profits. He called it a "energy profits levy" as opposed to a windfall tax, and said it would raise £5 billion for the Treasury over the next year. He announced eight million households who are already being helped by Government benefit schemes would recieve a one of cost of living payment of £650. Mr Sunak said: "Over eight million households already have income low enough for the state to be supporting their cost of living through the welfare system." He added: "Right now they face incredibly difficult choices so I can announce today we will send directly to around 8 million of the lowest income households a one-off cost-of-living payment of £650, support worth over £5 billion to give vulnerable people certainty that we are standing by them at this challenging time. "DWP will make the payment in two lump sums, the first from July, the second in autumn, with payments from HMRC for those on tax credits following shortly after." This does not need to be applied for - it will be sent to all those on means tested benefits automatically. DON'T MISSFracking gives Britain fuel security other nations dream of COMMENT [OPINION]Slashing income tax won’t help pensioners, Mr Sunak, they need more [INSIGHT]Boris row to ‘dominate and distract’ Tories from delivering for Brits [REPORT] Pensioners, who Mr Sunak acknowledged were suffering disproportionately from the cost of living crisis, will recieve a one off payment of £300. He also announced that next year the Triple Lock for Pensions will be brought back into place. Disabled people on non means tested benefits will recieve £150 additional payment on top of the £650 already mentioned if they are eligible for it. He also announced universal support for all households, with the previously announced £200 loan for energy bills turned into a grant that no longer needs to be paid back and increased its sum to £400.  Mr Sunak said the help amounts to 1.5 percent of total GDP. The Chancellor acknowledged that high inflation is causing "acute distress" for people in the country, telling the House of Commons: "I know they are worried, I know people are struggling." He said the Government "will not sit idly by while there is a risk that some in our country might be set so far back they might never recover". Labour has criticised Mr Sunak for failing to implement a windfall tax sooner.