Amber Heard, 36, has taken to the stand today as her 58-year-old former husband Johnny Depp's trial against her continues. The Aquaman actress testified that the court case has been the “most painful” thing she has gone through. The Jack Sparrow star’s talent manager Jack Whigham testified at the trial this week that the actor would have been paid a whopping amount for Pirates of the Caribbean 6 by Disney, before Amber’s "catastrophic" domestic abuse allegations in her 2018 Washington Post op-ed. The piece, in which Amber did not name her ex-husband, saw her describe herself as a "'public figure representing domestic abuse” and Johnny, who denies abusing Amber, says the article destroyed his career. Talent manager Jack Whigham testified this week that Disney movie boss Sean Bailey and producer Jerry Bruckheimer had verbally agreed around 2016 to pay Depp a huge amount for Pirates of the Caribbean 6. He claimed this amount was $22.5 million, but it was not clear if Johnny was set to receive a back-end payment from cinema profits. The actor is reported to have been paid over $300 million for the first five Pirates of the Caribbean movies - mostly thanks to a percentage of the box office. Speaking about Amber's op ed, Jack told the court: “With respect to Johnny, it was catastrophic, because it was a first-person account. “It was not from a journalist, it was not from an observer, it was from someone saying, 'This happened to me.'" Jack added that since the autumn of 2018, Johnny has only been able to work on lower-paying independent movies. DON'T MISS:Dawn French, 64, glows as she attends Sondheim's Old Friends gala [PHOTOS]Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda and Clive Owen shake up family dynamic [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Millie Gibson admits co-star is 'love of my life' [LATEST] He also testified that the actor had not shot a film since 2020. When cross-examined by one of Amber’s lawyers on Monday, Jack clarified that the $22.5 million fee for Johnny was only a verbal agreement with Disney and Jerry Bruckheimer, not a written contract. He also claimed that before Amber’s op-ed was published, Sean Bailey had been “noncommittal” on making Pirates of the Caribbean 6 with Johnny. Jack said: “It was trending badly in the late fall on behalf of Disney, but Jerry Bruckheimer and I were lobbying to make it happen. “So we had hope. And it became very clear in early 2019 that it was over." Last week at the Fairfax County Courthouse in Virginia, where the trial is taking place, Johnny said: “Captain Jack Sparrow was a character I built from the ground up and was something that I, of course, put a lot of [myself] into the character and also having worked on these films with these people and added much of myself, much of my own re-writing of the dialogue and scenes and jokes. “I didn't quite understand how, after that long relationship and quite a successful relationship certainly for Disney, that suddenly I was guilty until proven innocent.” The trial continues.