Slugs are active throughout the year, but warmer temperatures combined with damp conditions can increase their activity. They are one of the most “enquired about” pests in the UK, according to data from the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), ranking in the top 10 most bothersome garden critters. Though slugs are harmless to humans, they have a habit of munching their way through flowers and plants, which makes them a burden for gardeners. There are numerous slug repellants available to purchase in supermarkets and gardening shops, but there are ways you can take things into your own hands. In fact, some leftover beer could be the solution to your woes. According to Jack Sutcliffe, Co-Founder of Power Sheds: “A beer trap is a simple and inexpensive approach to get rid of slugs.” READ MORE: When to deadhead lupins to 'prolong the display' Slugs are attracted to the yeasty odours found in beer, so much so that they often make their way into beer traps and meet their demise. However, according to experts from Garden Myths, if you have a large slug problem, you will likely need more than one trap. The experts said: "The slug beer traps do seem to work but there are some limitations: they work over a very short distance and most slugs will just enjoy the beer and leave." If you don’t fancy wasting your favourite beverage on eliminating slugs, you can also make a beer substitute that can also do the trick. DON'T MISSLawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’ [COMMENT]How to kill moss on tarmac - 2 eco-friendly ways to ‘blitz’ driveway [EXPLAINER]How to humanely deter cats from your garden [INSIGHT] Mr Sutcliffe said: “Ward off pesky slugs by pouring an inch of any beer into an empty jar and then burying the jar in the ground up to its neck. “Leave about an inch above the ground. “Slugs are attracted to the odours and fermentation gases found in the beer, where they will crawl into the jar and drown.” As it is the yeast in beer that slugs are attracted to, as long as you use something which replicates the smell, in theory, the trap should work. According to Gardening Know How, you can mix together some simple household ingredients to make a beer substitute if you don’t want to use actual beer. It recommended using one tablespoon of yeast, one tablespoon of flour, one tablespoon of sugar and one cup of water.