CBS’ hit crime series NCIS Los Angeles came to an end this month after the release of its season 13 finale. Ahead of its premiere, Callen star Chris O’Donnell was quizzed about the realism of the show surrounding the city and the crimes the team solves.  NCIS LA first premiered on the network in 2009 and with a loyal following, the series has continued to smash records, ensuring its renewal. The procedural drama follows a team of special agents as they solve criminal cases involving the marines and the Navy. With the upcoming 14th season promising to take on more naval cases, many have wondered how the city has so much naval crime. This included chat show host Stephen Colbert who quizzed NCIS LA actor Chris O’Donnell. READ MORE: Vera's Aiden Healy confirms 'break' from series Ahead of the show’s season 13 finale, Chris was a guest on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. As they spoke about the show’s huge milestone 300th episode, the host asked Chris: “Why is there so much naval crime in Los Angeles?” With the actor in a huge fit of laughter, Stephen added: “There are no boats there.” Chris responded: “Well you know, there’s a lot of crime in New Orleans and now in Hawaii.”  The actor laughed off the awkward probe on the realism of the show and credited the show’s “creative writer.” “I assume the creative writers are coming up with the storylines on that, I agree with you on that,” Chris confessed. Speaking on the series, he continued: “We’re so blessed, 300 episodes is a lot, we have an amazing cast and crew we work with every day.” With any other TV series, storylines can often be dramatised for entertainment purposes and may not reflect what real NCIS agents do. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star [INSIGHT]NCIS Los Angeles exit: Why did actor Barrett Foa leave NCIS LA? [INSIGHT]NCIS LA boss teases Linda Hunt’s return as Hetty Lange ‘Pull her out' [INSIGHT]  However, according to cheatsheet.com, the CBS drama is surprisingly accurate to the day-to-day tasks of the agents. NCIS special agent Kevin Dodds told Pittsburgh CBS affiliate KDKA: “Agents with NCIS will work counter-terrorism, protective operations, general crimes, economic crimes, fraud.” While Special Agent Bob Milie confirmed: “NCIS LA is very realistic of what we do.” 