On The Martin Lewis Money Show: Live, the money saving expert urged drivers to take care when driving abroad this summer, especially when renting cars. The ITV programme focused on the cost of living crisis and how to keep summer holiday costs down. Martin Lewis said: “When parking at the airport, book ahead. Even if it’s on the day. “Better still, book earlier and there are comparison sites for that too.” At Manchester Airport, it would cost £400 to park for a week, but when pre-booked on the morning of the flight, it only costs £130 for a week. It is possible to get holiday car hire for as little as £15 per day by booking early, with Martin Lewis urging drivers to book in advance. READ MORE: Van driver handed £275 fine after London ULEZ mistake Car hire prices have rocketed, with drivers being urged to take note of how they can cut costs if they want to rent a car abroad. He said: “Don’t let them bully you into paying all these extra costs.” A number of car hire firms are still waiving their cancellation fees to encourage people to book during the pandemic. He urged motorists to look for a flexible rental policy as it could save them a lot of money if they do have to change or cancel their plans. DON'T MISSTourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice [SHOCKING]Boris Johnson attacks Sadiq Khan's 'burdensome' ULEZ expansion plans [COMMENT]'Another tax on the motorist': Drivers furious at 20mph speed cameras [WARNING] One former money saving expert, Steve N, used this technique, saying: “A  few years ago I used to rent cars a fair bit and always did so via a firm that allowed free cancellation. “It usually cost a few quid more than the very cheapest, but the flexibility meant if my plans changed or the prices dropped I could rebook hassle-free, which to me seemed a price worth paying.” By booking early, drivers can help keep the prices down. Even if they have left it until the last minute, booking beforehand will usually be cheaper than just walking in on the day. One driver, Dave, said he booked four months in advance and paid £296 for 10 days in a decent-sized car. Just before he travelled, he checked and the price had gone up to £900. One Twitter user claimed they had hired a car from a rental business “across the road” from the airport for nearly half the price as it was in the terminal. They added: “A 90 second walk was definitely worth it!” The money saving expert also covered airport parking, saying that booking ahead can help save money, even if it's the morning of the flight. “Prices have rocketed since the pandemic and will be way more expensive than you think. Maybe two or three times more than it used to be. “Use at least two comparison sites to get the cheapest price and be ready for the hard sell when you pick the car policy up.”