The country's defence ministry announced the military action on Wednesday amid ongoing fear that Vladimir Putin could unleash nuclear weapons as the war reaches its 70th day. Russian troops practised the simulated "electronic launches" of nuclear-capable Iskander mobile ballistic missile systems in the western enclave of Kaliningrad, the defence ministry said in a statement. The country's forces practised single and multiple strikes at targets imitating launchers of missile systems, airfields, protected infrastructure, military equipment and command posts of a mock enemy. The military personnel then carried out a manoeuvre to change their position in order to avoid "a possible retaliatory strike", the defence ministry added. However, no actual missiles were fired during the simulator tests.    The military units, which involved over 100 troops, are also said to have practised "actions in conditions of radiation and chemical contamination". The threat of Russia using nuclear weapons has been felt since the beginning of Russia's invasion of Ukraine on February 24. Shortly after that date, Vladimir Putin put the country's nuclear forces on high alert. The Russian leader has been vocal about a "lightning-fast" retaliation should the West directly intervene in the conflict. READ MORE: Russia 'on way to being new North Korea'   According to observers, Russian media run by the state has been attempting to make the use of nuclear weapons more palatable to the population. Dmitry Muratov, Russian newspaper editor and Nobel Peace Prize laureate, said: "For two weeks now, we have been hearing from our television screens that nuclear silos should be opened". At the same time Russia carried out nuclear-capable missile tests, Belarus staged its own military drills. The Belarusian military, which supported Russia's invasion of Ukraine by allowing troops to attack from its own territory, announced the "surprise" drill on Wednesday. DON'T MISS: The REAL State of the Union: Bloc in tatters ahead of EU's key event [INSIGHT]Russian media claims Polish nationals are being recruited as spies [COMMENT]Refugee has Ukraine army bomb house after spotting Russian soldiers [ANALYSIS] Its defence ministry said the combat units were testing their ability to "go on the alert, move to predetermined zones and undertake combat training", claiming the aim was to "evaluate the readiness and ability of troops to react rapidly to a possible crisis". Ukraine, which has repeatedly accused Belarus of planning to send its troops into Ukraine, said the country will be ready to respond if it attacks. But British intelligence said an attack is unlikely and the drill is "in line with seasonal norms". In a statement, the country's defence ministry said: "Russia will likely seek to inflate the threat posed by these exercises in order to fix Ukrainian forces in the North". Similarly, James Heappey, the UK armed forces minister, also described the Kremlin's threat of nuclear war as "bravado" as US intelligence says it has seen no sign that Russia has actually increased its nuclear alert status, despite Putin's threats.