Red Bull have appeared to mock Aston Martin after members of their team were seen drinking from green edition Red Bull cans during Friday’s practice sessions ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix. Aston Martin have been labelled a “green Red Bull” amid suggestions they have copied the Austrian team’s car design in their latest upgrade. Aston Martin have endured a miserable start to the new season after teams were forced to redesign their cars over the winter in the wake of a whole host of F1 rule changes. And ahead of the Barcelona race this weekend, the Silverstone-backed team’s AMR22 challenger was radically remodelled in an attempt to make up for their poor start. As the team showed off their car ahead of the first practice session in Spain, it bore a striking resemblance to Red Bull’s RB18 after the sidepods had been completely changed. And Red Bull chief Christian Horner and members of his pit-wall team showed what they thought by sipping from green cans of the energy drink. Red Bull lost two of their senior aerodynamicists, Dan Fallows and Andrew Alessi, at the end of last season as the duo joined Aston Martin. And Horner thinks his team’s intellectual property may have been compromised. “It is quite a thing to instruct your team to come up with a very close-looking clone of our car and, of course, a few people have moved over the winter period, and what you can’t control is what they take in their heads,” he said. MUST READ: Ferrari's Charles Leclerc offers confident response to Max Verstappen   But the FIA have already cleared Aston Martin of any wrongdoing following an investigation. “The investigation, which involved CAD checks and a detailed analysis of the development process adopted by Aston Martin, confirmed that no wrongdoing had been committed, and therefore the FIA considers that the Aston Martin aerodynamic upgrades are compliant,” read a statement from the organisation. “Article 17.3 specifically defines and prohibits “Reverse Engineering”, i.e. the digital process of converting photographs (or other data) to CAD models, and prohibits IP transfer between teams, but equally, this Article permits car designs getting influenced by those of competitors, as has always been the case in Formula 1. DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton talks up 'winning potential' after Mercedes upgradesLewis Hamilton breaks silence on Michael Masi returning to FIA rumoursHamilton's health may be damaged by Mercedes saga says Ferrari's Sainz   “In the analysis we carried out we confirmed that the processes followed by Aston Martin were consistent with this Article’s requirements.” Meanwhile, Aston Martin said: “We have shared details of our update with the FIA technical people. Having analysed the data and the processes used to create the update, the FIA has now confirmed in writing that our update was generated as a result of legitimate independent work in accordance with the technical regulations.” 