Max Verstappen was frustrated that Sergio Perez’s late crash cost him a final run in qualifying yesterday. He described the late red flag as ‘irritating’ and even made a suggestion about foul play. The Dutchman said drivers can ‘tactically send it into the wall’ which will block the track and bring out the red flag. Perez lost control at the tight turn eight, smashing into the barrier and destroying the rear of his car. Moments later, Carlos Sainz also spun at the same corner and collected the Red Bull. The accident blocked the circuit and prevented anyone from bettering their times. It allowed Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc to hold onto pole unchallenged after he set the fastest time on his final run. Verstappen said: “It is irritating and a pity of course that the one who put it in the wall was my teammate. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton throws weight behind Leclerc to beat Verstappen “But in the end, you don't get a penalty for that. So if you know you have a good first run, then you can think: ‘ah well, you know what, I'll park it and tactically send it into the wall.’ You could do that.” It’s the second time in as many years that the Dutchman has been caught out by a late red flag in Monaco. Last year Leclerc crashed at the swimming pool chicane with seconds remaining and ensured Verstappen could not pip him late on. There has been some debate over whether F1 should adopt special red flag rules which would see drivers stripped of their best laps if they cause a stoppage. However, further discussions have not come to fruition meaning drivers can in theory purposefully crash to hold onto a position. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen radio meltdowns ‘disappointing’ [COMMENT]Sergio Perez sends clear message to Christian Horner  [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner likens Toto Wolff rivalry to Verstappen and Hamilton [INSIGHT] This is still unlikely as crashing during a session could bring challenges the following day. Last season, Leclerc was unable to take part in the race after his team found damage just moments before the start. However, when the reigning champion was asked whether he believes the rule should be changed, Verstappen suggested this is something he would back. He added: “That's something we've been working on for a while. It's nice for the person who hangs it in the wall. But for me it's a bummer, of course.”