Ralf Rangnick has been told he cannot blame the Manchester United players for his performance as interim boss and he was simply "out of his depth". Former Chelsea and Scotland midfielder Craig Burley has given a scathing verdict on the German manager. United announced on Sunday that Rangnick would not be continuing at the club as planned on a consultancy basis. He instead will focus on managing Austria full time after his role as interim boss came to an end. Rangnick arrived at Old Trafford with glowing reviews from fellow German managers Thomas Tuchel and Jurgen Klopp. However, he was unable to have the desired impact as United finished the season in sixth and without a trophy. United's squad has received strong criticism for how they have performed in recent months. However, Burley says there was no improvement early on under Rangnick and therefore that blame lies at the feet of the manager. READ MORE: Transfer News LIVE: Man Utd 'close to agreement', Liverpool blow, Raphinha latest  He told ESPN FC: "You think about Tuchel and Klopp, it seems if you listen to some, and quite a few, that the sun shines out of the backside of every German coach. But quite frankly, he was just out of his depth wasn't he? "It became quite apparent early on that he was out of his depth. Now, there was a bit of everything going on here. "There were underperforming players, there were leaks to the media, there was everything. But it was crystal clear that he had no solution on the field, nothing. "We talk about this a lot, we always look for something that changes within a game or two, I'm not talking about formation, I'm talking about if it's a high press, or it's an energetic game or it's a passing game or it's a physical game, something. DON'T MISSLiverpool told to hijack Man Utd summer signing for Sadio Mane replacement [QUOTES]Arsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next season [COMMENT]yoOle Gunnar Solskjaer regrets Man Utd signing Cristiano Ronaldo [REPORT]  "There was nothing, absolutely nothing. And that's not down to players not being bothered, not after a couple of games, maybe after three or four months." Burley says the appointment of Rangnick as interim boss is just one of a long list of decisions United have got wrong in recent years. He continued: "So it was crystal clear he was out of his depth but just notch this on the board as one of the hundreds of bad decisions this club has made in the last eight or nine years since Sir Alex Ferguson left the club. "The amount of poor decisions they have made, player-wise and coaching-wise, amongst all the other stuff, has been quite scary."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here