Barbecue food is best enjoyed in the summer sun, and with plenty of warm weather on its way, there’s no better time to dust off your garden grill. While your barbecue may seem clean after months of being packed away, giving it a good scrub is essential to remove hidden dirt and grime. Here’s the exact date to get it done, and the best method to get your barbecue looking “shiny and new”, according to the team at metals4U. The time has come for outdoor dining and barbecues, but using a dirty grill is no good if you want perfectly cooked food. With many of us reaching for quick tips on how to clean up this staple appliance, the team at metals4U have revealed the exact date Britons should start cleaning. According to the UK’s biggest online specialist metal supplier, the best time to clean your barbecue is on May 27. READ MORE: Top home remedies for getting rid of ants - 'they didn't come back' They said: “Historically, ‘How to clean a BBQ’ has consistently peaked in searches just before the spring bank holiday with May 27 being the day most people look for expert advice. “With a suspected heatwave forecast next week and the extra-long bank holiday on the horizon, it's inevitable that there will be lots of barbecue and garden parties to come.” If you've not opened up your barbecue since last summer, this Friday is the perfect time to get it ready for the weekend sunshine. Here’s how to do it. Getting rid of dirt and grime is easy to do with just a few household ingredients, and takes no time at all. Just grab a clean sponge, baking soda and clean water to get your grill looking as good as new. According to Paul McFadyen, Managing Director at metals4U, it is important to avoid harsh chemicals or things like wire sponges in order to keep the metal looking seamless and shiny. DON'T MISS:Aldi is selling premium outdoor BBQ kitchen for under £600 with deal [LATEST]‘Non-toxic’ 55p hack for cleaning your barbecue - ‘removes dirt’ [REVEAL]How to create a ‘rainbow’ on your dinner plate for BBQ season [INSIGHT] He said: “Stainless steel is used for barbecue grills as it's hard wearing and doesn't rust like most other metals - so when cleaning it you should be really careful not to use anything too abrasive that might damage the metal finish.” For the cleaning solution, mix a few tablespoons of baking soda with water until it forms a thick paste. This non-toxic solution is mildly abrasive, but won’t damage the metal if lightly applied using a soft sponge. Dip the sponge into the paste and gently rub it onto the barbecue in small circular motions. Be sure to rinse the area well after treating with the baking soda paste in order to prevent a white, matte residue lingering on the metal. Leave the area to dry completely after rinsing to prevent watermarks and highlighting spots you may have missed. Paul added: “You can also use baking soda to clean aluminium - so if your pots and pans are looking grubby, or you have tough-to-remove stains, use the same paste to get them looking shiny and new."