  Homes Under The Hammer presenter Martin Roberts has issued an important career update since his terrifying health scare left him close to death last month. After being rushed into hospital last month, the star has confirmed his future on the popular BBC show.     Martin, 58, told his 20,700 Instagram followers this afternoon: “So I’ve got some news and it’s actually pretty amazing news. “Today is a very special day and it’s quite an emotional day to be honest. “Because I’ve spoken to the doctors and they’ve said as long as I take it easy - which isn’t necessarily that easy for me but I’ve got to… “As long as I take it easy, I’m ok to start work. So I’m back today filming Homes Under The Hammer.” More to follow… READ MORE: James Jordan's wife Ola addresses 'difficult' family farewell    “I’m in the valleys of Wales and I never thought I would be so happy to see a two-up two-down terrace,” he continued, kissing the wall of a house. “I have missed this so much and yeah, it’s amazing to be back.” He then pointed to his multi-coloured floral shirt with clashing patterns. Martin went on: “So you might notice this shirt, it’s a little bit OTT but it’s a bit of a sartorial celebration.      “It’s also the nearest thing I’ve got to a bunch of flowers which I’m going to dedicate to you, if you just sent messages of your support and all of your good wishes. “This is a shirt for you and so at some point in the future you’ll see this on Homes Under the Hammer," he added. The star continued: “And people might make silly comments about me wearing this ridiculously OTT shirt, but you’ll know it’s because it was a little nod to all the kindness I’ve received over the last few weeks. “So thank you again and here I am. I’m back and it feels great.”  READ MORE... Carol Kirkwood hits back at Dan Walker's 'cheeky' remark [LATEST] Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement [NEWS] Jurassic Park's Laura Dern and Sam Neill weigh in on 19-year age gap [NEWS]      “I’m in the valleys of Wales and I never thought I would be so happy to see a two-up two-down terrace,” he continued, kissing the wall of a house. “I have missed this so much and yeah, it’s amazing to be back.” He then pointed to his multi-coloured floral shirt with clashing patterns. Martin went on: “So you might notice this shirt, it’s a little bit OTT but it’s a bit of a sartorial celebration.      The star added that he was “determined” to make it to 20 years presenting popular BBC show Homes Under The Hammer as of next year. Martin went on: “There are still so many things I want to achieve, but I know I have to take things slowly from now on. “I can’t and don’t want to return to the frantic life I led before. “I’ve been given a second chance and I don’t intend to waste it,” he told The Sun earlier this month.    