Popstar Camila Cabello has slammed ‘rude’ supporters who booed during her performance ahead of the Champions League final between Liverpool and Real Madrid. Reds fans were furious as they struggled to enter the Stade de France, amid being pepper sprayed and tear gassed by French Police.   UEFA have been strongly condemned due to the treatment of supporters outside the ground ahead of Madrid’s 1-0 win over the Premier League side. The match, along with Cabello’s pre-game performance, was delayed by over half an hour as thousands remained outside. Fans audibly booed as Cabello took to a stage assembled in the centre of the pitch, well beyond the original kick-off time of 8:00PM. The former Fifth Harmony singer criticised supporters who booed and jeered during her performance. The 25-year-old tweeted: "Playing back our performance and I can't believe people were singing their teams anthems [sic] so loud during our performance. Like my team and I worked tirelessly for so long to bring the right vibes and give a good show." JUST IN: Real Madrid star Kroos wasn’t happy with Hazard after UCL final win Camila then posted again: "Very rude but whatever. I'M GLAD U GUYS LOVED IT." Both tweets have since been deleted. Some fans pointed out that the messages were out of touch given the treatment of supporters outside the stadium, while Cabello’s supporters defended her stance. Meanwhile, Liverpool have demanded an investigation into the organisation of the 80,000 crowd. A club statement by the club read: "We are hugely disappointed at the stadium entry issues and breakdown of the security perimeter that Liverpool fans faced this evening at Stade de France. DON'T MISS...Liverpool's Andy Robertson blasts 'horrendous' Champions League finalChelsea set for unexpected transfer boost after Real Madrid victoryMichael Owen left with egg on his face after Champions League final "This is the greatest match in European football and supporters should not have to experience the scenes we have witnessed tonight. We have officially requested a formal investigation into the causes of these unacceptable issues." UEFA have blamed fans who they claim bought ‘fake’ tickets. The governing body said: “In the lead-up to the game, the turnstiles at the Liverpool end became blocked by thousands of fans who had purchased fake tickets which did not work in the turnstiles. “This created a build-up of fans trying to get in. As a result, the kick off was delayed by 35 minutes to allow as many fans as possible with genuine tickets to gain access. “As numbers outside the stadium continued to build up after kick off, the police dispersed them with tear gas and forced them away from the stadium. UEFA is sympathetic to those affected by these events and will further review these matters urgently together with the French police and authorities, and with the French Football Federation.”  