Ronnie O'Sullivan has been compared to sporting greats such as Lionel Messi and Roger Federer by Alan McManus. The star won the seventh Snooker World Championship of his career at the Crucible on Monday to go level on titles with Stephen Hendry. 'The Rocket' beat Judd Trump 18-13 in Sheffield to continue his spell as the world No 1. The snooker icon only trailed for one frame throughout the entire match to barely give Trump a chance of winning the trophy. His exploits throughout his career have constantly seen him dubbed as the greatest snooker player of all time, having won seven of the eight world championship finals he has featured in. And fellow snooker hero McManus has claimed that he is "on a different level" to anyone who has ever played the sport in the past. “He’s on a completely different level to anyone who’s ever lifted a piece of wood. It’s as simple as that,” McManus told Eurosport. “He’s got a talent that is beyond my comprehension. It really is. MUST READ 'Don't listen to him' - Ronnie O'Sullivan accused of lying by John Parrott after triumph "I’ve witnessed it up close, at a distance. He’s got something you can’t actually describe. It’s the way that he does it, it’s the way that Federer hits a forehand, it’s the way Messi beats three players. “He doesn’t know how he does it and Ronnie’s been able to do that pretty much his whole life. He doesn’t probably fully understand the gift that he’s got. Maybe it’s good that he doesn’t. He just does it.” Federer won an incredible 16 Grand Slam titles from July 2003 to January 2010, sweeping up 16 of the 27 on offer as he announced himself as tennis' best ever player in moving ahead of Pete Sampras. Meanwhile, Messi has won 36 major titles throughout his career and seven Ballon d'Or awards for his exploits with Barcelona, Argentina and Paris Saint-Germain. DON'T MISS Stephen Hendry reacts to Ronnie O'Sullivan matching World Championship feat - 'Surprised' WST make decision on punishing Ronnie O'Sullivan after warning in World Championship win Judd Trump performs Crucible u-turn to delight of crowd after losing to Ronnie O'Sullivan O'Sullivan could edge ahead of the record he shares with Hendry at the World Snooker Championship next year. And after admitting that he is likely to take part, the world will be waiting to see if he can replicate his win and clinch an unprecedented eighth crown.