The Duchess and the Prince of Wales are recruiting for a new aide responsible for "ensuring the accurate content, correct representation and timely publication of all formats" relating to their current and future diaries. And one of the key traits the perfect hire must possess is the ability to manage a busy schedule, multitask and work to tight deadlines while maintaining the "discretion" expected by members of the royal staff. The job description shared on Prince Charles and Camilla's household website read: "Applicants should have relevant work experience with a busy diary/programme, working to tight deadlines, ability to manage concurrent tasks, drafting correspondence and managing large volumes of paperwork with confidence and discretion." IT and keyboard skills are also required, as well as a "proven ability to plan ahead and confidence to work with a broad spectrum of people". Given the Prince of Wales' current work and future role, applicants are also expected to "have knowledge of diversity issues and the diversity of communities in the United Kingdom, in the Commonwealth and worldwide." The job description also read: "The Diary Manager should have an interest in the work of TRH The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall, keen attention to detail and proven ability to work calmly under pressure." This full-time, permanent position is being advertised with a yearly salary ranging between £35,000 to £36,000. Prince Charles and Camilla's household is also hiring a senior finance manager, a role set to "ensure the accurate and timely delivery of management information to the Treasurer and to individual budget holders." Much like people applying for the diary manager role, those interested in this job are warned "discretion" is one of the key qualities to possess. The job specification also included a "proven ability to maintain confidentiality" and an "ability to work to deadlines and work calmly under pressure". READ MORE: Kate and William 'nightmare' for Harry and Meghan This comes as the two senior royals have completed a complex three-day tour to Canada, during which they met local community members, marked the Platinum Jubilee and spoke about the residential school scandal which last year rocked Canadians. Most poignantly, the Prince of Wales delivered an impassioned speech in support of the Indigenous people of Canada, saying it is necessary to understand their "pain and suffering" after they were victims of past wrongs. The scandal of residential schools, which saw thousands of Indigenous children being taken away from their families and educated amid horrific abuse to distance them from their heritage, language and culture, resurfaced in 2021 after a number of human remains were found in unmarked graves on the grounds of these former institutions.  Prince Charles and Camilla are tipped to be playing key roles during the upcoming extended June bank holiday weekend, which will see the country and the Firm coming together to celebrate the 70th year on the throne of the Queen. The heir to the throne is expected to attend most events and deliver a speech during the concert at Buckingham Palace on June 4. Camilla, as patron of the Big Lunch, may play a role on June 5, when hundreds of thousands of Britons are expected to step out to host street parties and lunches. The two royals will also be among those stepping on the Buckingham Palace balcony on June 2 to watch the Trooping the Colour parade. This much-anticipated engagement normally sees wider members of the family joining the Queen for the RAF flypast. However, this year the monarch decided only working members of the Firm will stand with her on this occasion. A statement shared by Buckingham Palace earlier this month read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." This means royals such as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the Duke of York won't make a public appearance on this occasion. However, an exception to this ruling will be made for a few non-working royals. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expected to appear with their three children - Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Similarly, the Earl and Countess of Wessex are to be in the company of their teenage daughter Lady Louise Windsor and son James, Viscount Severn. Finally, despite not being a working royal, Princess Anne's husband Sir Timothy Laurence will also join Firm members on this poignant occasion given his supporting role to the Princess Royal.