Toto Wolff has knocked back any suggestion that Lewis Hamilton's relationship with George Russell is heading in the same direction as his feisty rivalry with Nico Rosberg. Russell's switch to Mercedes this year has drawn some comparisons to Hamilton's past relationship with Rosberg. The pair were good friends from their karting days, but that relationship deteriorated when they worked together at Mercedes. Both Hamilton and Russell were pushing for the World Championship and Wolff often had to step in and put his foot down when his drivers were guilty of stepping over the line. It was a much more harmonious relationship with Rosberg's predecessor, Valtteri Bottas, and Hamilton. Bottas spent five years racing alongside Hamilton at Mercedes, but never truly was able to match the British racing superstar on a regular basis. Russell has since taken the Finn's place and has already started the season in better form than Hamilton. The 24-year-old has beaten Hamilton in four of the opening five races so far and sits 23 points ahead of his team-mate in the standings. JUST IN: FIA chief praised for 'enforcing the rules' amid Lewis Hamilton row  Hamilton has had his fair share of bad luck due to the Safety Car with Russell benefitting in different races. Some have questioned whether Russell's ability to challenge Hamilton at Mercedes will lead to a similar inner-team fight from Rosberg's time driving alongside the seven-time world champion. But Wolff has made it clear that the two Brits are working harmoniously so far and enjoys seeing their relationship grow. "I enjoy seeing them working together, the level is high from both of them," Wolff said. "And that has put us in a decent situation in the Constructors' Championship, so I couldn't wish for any better pairing. DON'T MISS  "I'm really happy about the two of them, how they interact, how respectful they are with each other." Mercedes have still been far off the pace in the opening five races with both Ferrari and Red Bull setting the standard. Wolff has been consistent in his belief that their decision to stick with the current design on the W13 will pay off eventually. There was some hint that they were heading in the right direction at the Miami Grand Prix with Russell setting the fastest time in FP2. But they were unable to find that same set up for the weekend after small tweaks were made to the car for Saturday.