Andrew Neil returned to TV last week after his dramatic exit from GB News. The former chairman of GB News quit after just three months in the role and is now back on-screen fronting a new evening talk show. However, Channel 4 viewers took to Twitter to blast the veteran broadcaster on Sunday evening. The broadcaster interviewed the Shadow Secretary for Work and Pensions Jonathan Ashworth. He also welcomed The Telegraph’s Madeline Grant and The Mirror’s Pippa Crerar. Andrew began the show by mocking the ongoing Wagatha Christie trial between Rebekah Vardy and Coleen Rooney. He concluded the show by putting on a few questionable accents. Read more: Andrew Neil in brilliant Keir Starmer slap down 'set the bar that low' Andrew mocked Michael Gove after he appeared to adopt a Scouse accent during a BBC interview. He said: “Following Michael Gove’s somewhat bizarre appearance on TV last week it’s now compulsory to present in a variety of different accents.” Putting on a series of impressions, Andrew continued: “That’s it from capital letters The Andrew Neil Show here on network four. “Calm down, calm down, calm down. See you, see you, see you next week Jimmy.” The Andrew Show viewers weren’t impressed with Sunday’s instalment. @putu117_putu1 tweeted: “Excruciating & painful watching neil, his impression of Gove was stunningly s**t! #AndrewNeilShow.” (sic) @TheRealElwynD added: “I was willing to give the #andrewneilshow a chance, but it doesn’t quite work. He hasn’t changed. If anything, he’s got worse. “And the decision of Channel 4 executives to help him rehabilitate his image after his GBeebies fiasco is questionable.” DON'T MISSAndrew Neil slaps down Rees-Mogg 'Can't use cheap tricks with me!' [INTERVIEW]Andrew Neil savages Starmer and Boris as he opens show with gag [INSIGHT]Andrew Neil says Labour stand 'much better' chance in next election [VIDEO] “Just to think…..I used to admire Andrew Neil !!??(Just like Piers Morgan: Given a show of his own & turned out to be a DAMP SQUIB !!!) #AndrewNeilShow,” @tighabhinn wrote. (sic) @DannyDenay questioned: “So what has this half hour of political programming achieved? #AndrewNeilShow.” “Andrew Neil. Demonstrating why he found himself washed up on a BBC politics show.. close to midnight. Using hard right false equivalences ("cancel culture" and woke) never a good look. And expecting one line, sound bite answers to complex questions! #andrewneilshow,” @eu4evernow remarked. @anthonysargent said: “The @Channel4 #AndrewNeilShow is a disgraceful replacement for the great Jon Snow. This interview is more about Neil’s ego than giving the viewer any sense of what Labour are about. Too much shouting and posturing for a Sunday afternoon.” The Andrew Neil Show is a 10-part series which examines the biggest events of the moment. It features interviews with the highest profile politicians and is accompanied by a weekly podcast. After the show was announced, Andrew said: “I’m honoured and delighted to be presenting a new Sunday night political show for Channel 4. “Sunday night is a pivotal point in the political week — we can sweep up what’s happened in the previous week, mop up what’s been in the Sunday papers and talk shows and throw forward to the upcoming week. We’ll aim to do all of that and more.” The Andrew Neil Show continues on Channel 4 on Sunday at 6pm.