Yellowstone 1932 follows on from the success of Paramount's 1883 series and it will explore the early 20th century. The Western drama takes place about 20 years before the birth of the original show's John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who has joined the cast so far. Yellowstone fans were sent into a frenzy when they discovered the Star Wars and Indiana Jones hero had been cast. Details of his character are yet to be announced but he is set to lead the prequel, following in the footsteps of Tim McGraw in 1883. The 79-year-old award-winning star is also known for his roles in the Blade Runner films. Outside of acting, he is a qualified pilot who has helped the emergency services in rescue missions near his home in Wyoming. READ MORE: 1883’s Tim McGraw admits wife slapped him in iconic Yellowstone moment The other leading star of the series is world-renowned actress, Dame Helen Mirren. The 76-year-old English actress has achieved the Triple Crown of Acting in both the US and the UK. She is best known for her roles in The Queen, Prime Suspect and The Audience. Details of her character are yet to be announced but she could have a close connection with Ford's character. No other cast members have been added to the list yet but Express.co.uk will update this story when further announcements are made. Kelly Reilly, who plays Beth Dutton in the original Yellowstone series, said she "wants to be in" the new prequel. After Ford and Mirren’s casting announcement, Reilly shared her thoughts with Entertainment Tonight. She said: "Helen Mirren is someone who I did my very, very first TV job with called Prime Suspect when I was 16 years old. "She was the first professional actor I worked with. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone season 5: Cole Hauser sparks frenzy as filming begins [DISCUSSION] Yellowstone season 5 release date: When does it return? [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone cast share gobsmacked reactions as over 1932 casting [INSIGHT] "She was incredible, she was fierce and brilliant and everything I wanted to be as an actor. You know, full of courage and heart." Unfortunately, due to the franchise's timeline, it would be impossible for the actress to star alongside Mirren again. She added: "The fact that she is such a big fan of the Yellowstone universe and their writing — I mean who isn’t of this writing because it’s so juicy. "And the fact that she’s now going to be playing one of Beth Dutton’s ancestors…it’s a really sweet thing. And I’m so excited to see it.” The show's creator, Taylor Sheridan, chose a specific time period for the new prequel as he wanted fans to see the children they met in 1883 now attempting to raise another generation. The upcoming series will be set during the time of western expansion, Prohibition, and the Great Depression. An official release date is yet to be announced but it is scheduled to arrive after the fifth season of Yellowstone. The release date for season five was revealed in May 2022 and the upcoming season will air on November 13. This means 1932 is likely to make its debut this winter, potentially in December.  Yellowstone 1932 is expected to arrive on Paramount+ in December 2022.