Grant Thoms is running as an SNP candidate in Stirling East, where the Dunblane massacre took place. Back in March 1996, 16 students and one teacher were shot and killed at Dunblane Primary School, before the perpetrator Thomas Hamilton turned the gun on himself. A further 15 people were injured. It was the deadliest mass shooting in British history and promoted two new Firearms Acts which outlawed private ownership of most handguns in the UK. Mr Thoms has come under fire for a tongue-in-cheek comment he made about the perpetrator of the horror shooting. In a blog post made on June 27, 2007, Mr Thoms said that making Tony Blair the peace envoy in the Middle East was “like putting Thomas Hamilton in charge of 10,000 Dunblane Primaries”. This comment, written in Mr Thoms’ ‘Tartan Hero’ blog, was made while he was a Glasgow City Councillor. He later deleted the blog in June 2009, but archives are still accessible. READ MORE: Newsnight: Nicola Sturgeon branded ‘liar’ over Ferry Fiasco Neil Benny, Tory councillor for Stirling West, branded the comment “insensitive” and accused Mr Thoms of “making light” of the tragedy. He added that the comments raised concerns about Mr Thoms’ judgement and, if he is elected on Thursday, which committees he could sit on. He said: “I think there’s a judgement issue at stake with these things that councillors have to do a lot of important jobs, and I’ve been a councillor for 15 years and I know Grant Thoms was a councillor in Glasgow before, but in a place like Stirling, it’s an issue that really does impact a lot of people still. “And I think that showing the kind of judgement where you think it’s appropriate to make light of it… It isn't now, it has never been, and it never will be something to make light of.” He added that he does not think the criticism was part of cancel culture, despite the blog post being more than 14 years old. He said: “It's not like he was 19 at the time and making an edgy comment on Twitter… “This was said while he was a councillor in Glasgow!” He added: “I don’t think we need to demand perfection. But I think when it comes to an issue like this, one of which is of such profound impact in the Stirling area and continues to be so today, I think we should expect more from people who are going to be in elected office. DON'T MISSDurham Police should reopen Keir Starmer beer probe [POLL]Plaid Cymru leader pinpoints why voters are are turning on Labour [LOCAL ELECTIONS]Boris Johnson's career 'will be over' if local elections bomb – expert [EXCLUSIVE] “If he gets elected, he’ll be on the education authority of the Council so he would be in charge of schooling in the Stirling area, and there are members of staff who were there that day and all kinds of stuff. “And he would be representing a community for which this is still there, it’s still an issue, it’s still something that happened and it’s not far away from people’s thoughts sometimes. “And for someone that said this to think, ‘Oh I can stand for Stirling Council…’” The SNP apologised for the comment that they said was made in a “historic” blog post. An SNP spokesman said: “Mr Thoms is very sorry for any hurt and offence caused by this historic blog post. “We understand it was deleted over a decade ago.”