Greg Wise - who made quite the impact alongside Karen Hauer on last year’s series of Strictly Come Dancing -  has been loyally by the side of much-loved British actress Emma Thompson for more than 25 years. However, the beginning of their relationship did not go smoothly, after the actor initially pursued the Love Actually star’s friend, Kate Winslet. The couple initially met in 1995 while filming the big-budget period drama Sense and Sensibility, alongside Kate Winslet, Hugh Grant and Alan Rickman. They wed eight years later in 2003. Speaking on The Graham Norton Show last year, Emma revealed that when the pair first met on the set of the Jane Austen period drama, Greg actually pursued Titanic star Kate as he believed that they were meant to be together. "Before he did the job, he went to see a friend of his who was a bit witchy and she said he would meet his future partner on the film," she explained. "He assumed it wasn't me because I was married and quite a lot older than him so he thought it might be Kate." She continued: "He took her to Glastonbury, and she was so bored, and he thought, 'This isn't going to work, who can it be?'" "Then things happened that probably shouldn't have happened, and it's been 25 years in May." Greg has also previously opened up about the start of their relationship, telling Express.co.uk that it was actually Kate who suggested he should date Emma instead of her. He said: ”[Kate] pointed out that we were right for each other and told me that Emma’s marriage was over. “It was all meant to be, just as my friend Helen had predicted." Greg and Emma tied the knot in 2003 after an eight-year relationship and shared their big day – which took place in the small Scottish town of Dunoon – with HELLO! magazine. At the time, their daughter Gaia was three years old and even appeared on the cover alongside her famous parents. Gaia has subsequently followed in her mother's footsteps with a TV career. The 22-year-old is currently starring in the latest series of BBC drama Silent Witness. She plays university student Jo Reynolds whose mother, the controversial health secretary, is assassinated – sparking the interest of forensic pathologists. Gaia, who has appeared in small roles in films such as 2015's A Walk To Remember, makes her TV debut nearly 40 years after Dame Emma appeared in ITV comedy show Alfresco. As well as acting, Gaia has also modelled and got a standing ovation from her famous parents at designer Julia Clancey's show last month. Speaking after the show, Gaia revealed to Richard Eden that she's prepared to follow her mother's example and disrobe on screen. She said: "If it's professionally prepared, and you've got the right kind of protection around you, then that's absolutely fine.' Gaia has recently detailed her three-year battle with anorexia - and credited her parents for saving her life by staging an emergency intervention. She developed anorexia aged 16 which left her so thin she was unable to even sit on a chair without it being painful. She was later admitted to rehab in 2017. She spoke out about her illness for the first time with The Sun on Sunday, saying: "Anorexia makes you really good at gaslighting people, making it sound like they're insane. "My ­parents would say, 'Gaia, we heard you working out at 3am.' And I'd say, 'No you didn't, it was just the house moving. I was asleep'."