Lewis Hamilton and George Russell have ‘different mindsets’ which may explain why the Mercedes rookie is ahead in the standings before the Monaco Grand Prix. Former Channel 4 commentator Ben Edwards has stressed Hamilton is used to ‘looking ahead’ and claims the seven-time champion is focussing on developing the car at this stage of the season. Meanwhile, Russell is mainly looking at capitalising on each individual race after his time fighting for points at the back of the field for Williams. Speaking to Express Sport, Edwards said: “To be honest I think a lot of it is down to the way things have gone. “Russell has been a bit fortunate with safety cars and situations like that throughout the course of this year and that’s the way it goes sometimes. I thought Russell would do well. I really do rate him highly. I've been so impressed watching him this year. “His fight against Verstappen in Spain was brilliant, it was really good and he is a real talent there’s no doubt about it. I think it’s too early to sort of judge the pairing between them. READ MORE: Toto Wolff gives view on asking Hamilton to move aside for Russell “And I think Hamilton has a slightly different mindset. He’s used to fighting for championships and looking long ahead. Russell has got the mindset very much of this race, do the best you can. “Which Lewis does as well but they have a slightly different mindset at this stage in the campaign. I think Lewis is very focussed on getting the team to develop the car and getting to a position where he is really comfortable with it. “It hasn't shocked me that Russell is ahead of Hamilton in the points at the moment but I think it is a very impressive line-up. I think the pairing could be incredibly beneficial for Mercedes going forward.” DON'T MISSRosberg explains Hamilton position after chat with Mercedes insiders [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and the FIA’s war over jewellery ban is a ‘bit odd' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton felt 'eyeballs coming out of sockets' in Monaco [ANALYSIS] Russell has finished in the top five at every race this season and scored two podiums. His excellent results have pushed the Mercedes rookie up to fourth in the standings, just 36 points behind championship leader Max Verstappen. Meanwhile, Hamilton has finished outside the top 10 twice this season but enjoyed an excellent comeback drive in Spain suggesting he has finally found some pace in the new car. However, Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has confirmed there is no rivalry between the pair. Tensions between Hamilton and former team-mate Nico Rosberg got out of hand before the German’s retirement in 2016. However, a similar situation is not yet on the cards for the Silver Arrows, with Russell apparently working well with Hamilton and the team. Wolff has previously said: “He has integrated very well. It is almost like he has been here forever and I’m really happy about the two of them, how they interact, how respectful they are about each other."