New data found that the average price to charge an electric car at a publicly accessible rapid charger increased by 21 percent in the last eight months. New research from the RAC and FairCharge found that it costs an average of 10p per mile to charge an EV using a rapid charger, compared to 19p per mile with a petrol car and 21p with diesel. On average, it costs £22.81 to charge a typical family-sized electric car to 80 percent compared to £18.81 which was the price last summer. In stark contrast, the cost of filling a 55-litre family car from empty to 80 percent has increased by a huge £14.54 since last September, from £59.67 to £74.21. Alex Kindred, car insurance expert at Confused.com, commented on the data, saying that running an electric car is still far cheaper. He pointed out this was especially true given the record prices of petrol and diesel at the moment. READ MORE: Older drivers slam ‘unacceptable’ maximum driving age proposals He added: “In an electric car, 100 miles could cost you roughly £4 in energy, whereas it could cost you £15 in fuel for the same distance. "Our research found that one in three drivers would consider buying an EV as their next car. “However, over one in three (37 percent) said that there needs to be more information around how much EVs cost to run. “The confusion around EV running costs may be holding drivers back, but there are plenty of cost cutting incentives, which include no congestion charge, free entry into low emission zones and home charging grants. DON'T MISSUK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park [SHOCKING]Furious 20mph camera debate on GMB [ARGUMENT]EV owners 'not immune' from costs - charging prices rise 21 percent [WARNING] “But the biggest saving for EVs is road tax - there isn’t any!” Express.co.uk readers debated whether the running costs of electric cars outweighed the popularity of petrol and diesel. One Express.co.uk reader, using the nickname Notatam, said: “Well these EVs do not run on air don’t you know. “You wanted an EV now you have to pay for it.” Another, under the handle SmashBrexit, commented that drivers of petrol and diesel cars should bear the brunt of taxes. They said: “Before anyone starts moaning about EVs not paying road tax, there are a lot of ICEs that are exempt, in spite of still polluting. “Tax them to death first, and tax the super-polluters out of existence.” Ofgem figures show that the wholesale cost of gas doubled between the end of September 2021 and the end of March this year, with wholesale electricity prices rising by around 65 percent over the same period. The RAC, in association with the national FairCharge campaign, are calling on the Government to lower VAT rates on electricity for public EV chargers. Charlie O’Donoghue, UK Head of Product at Easee, said: “The cost-of-living crisis is hitting everyone right across the UK, however, recharging an electric vehicle remains more cost-effective than refilling a car with a tank of petrol or diesel. “Electric vehicle drivers can find even more cost savings when they recharge. “As the RAC found earlier this year, the cheapest ways to recharge are by doing it either at home, or by using a public charging point that charges at a slow rate. “In the long run, driving with zero-emissions vehicles is still worth it for your wallet and especially for the planet.”