  Denise Welch has warned her followers about a fraudulent Twitter account that is pretending to be her. The Loose Women star took to social media to clear up any doubt about the mysterious fake profile.     Denise, 63, issued the warning this afternoon in view of her 526,400 Twitter followers. She wrote: “Just so you know…….this account is not me!!! “Please do not follow,” she added sternly. Included was a screenshot of said account, which was labelled Denise Welch Giveaways. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady     The account did not have Twitter’s blue verification tick, but did have Denise’s agent's contact information. It also included a link to a so-called “giveaways page” and kept retweeting content from Denise’s actual account. The fake profile was following nine people, including Denise, but had 0 followers. While it seemed like the former Waterloo Road actress had managed to warn her fans in time, one person claimed they were fooled by the fraudster.      “Oh no I sent £58 to them to join the fanclub,” Ishak Ali commented underneath Denise’ post with a tearful emoji. This is not the first time Denise has been forced to warn her fans about a fake social media account. Back in January, she took to Twitter to clarify that another fake account on social media platform GETTR had been set up in her name. On January 7 she penned: “Someone has set up a fake account pretending to be me on @GETTRofficial. READ MORE... 'Thought she would bounce back' Lorraine on Deborah James [INSIGHT] Chris Evans' disbelief as three of his co-star's quit Virgin Radio UK [UPDATE] BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [NEWS]   “Please do not interact with this account!!! “I’m not on @GETTRofficial yet. I’ll let you know when I join.” In February, Denise was targeted on Twitter once more when a self-proclaimed 'official' account calling itself 'Denise Welch' with the handle @official_Dwelch sprouted up. The account user tried to con fans with its bio which similarly read: “Official Denise Welch giveaways page.      “Message me privately to be among the selected winners to stand a chance to win a brand new car, holidays and houses.” After being tipped off by one of her friends who spotted the page, the former Coronation Street star was quick to warn fans that it was all fake. Taking another screenshot of the profile, she tweeted “Another pathetic fake page.” Loose Women airs weekdays at 12:30pm on ITV.   