Prince Harry and Meghan Markle married at St George's Chapel in Windsor on May 19, 2018. Like any royal wedding, what Meghan would wear for her big day was a source of great interest to royal fans. The beautiful bride didn't disappoint, opting for two classic white gowns that were widely praised for their timeless qualities.  Meghan opted for a Givenchy gown designed by Clare Waight Keller, the British designer and Artistic Director of the famous fashion brand. Kate Beavis, the owner of the contemporary wedding blog Magpie Wedding and The ECO Wedding Shows, told Express.co.uk: "Meghan Markle's wedding dress was minimal and sleek as is her signature style. "She wore a Givenchy silk gown designed by Clare Waight Keller, a British designer who Meghan wanted to showcase as reports say she fell in love with her tailoring and timeless feel to her designs. "The design alluded back to a 1960s gown that Givenchy had also designed - with off-the-shoulder bateau detail and three-quarter-length sleeves reminding us of designs worn by Audrey Hepburn."  READ MORE: 'Great sports' Charles and Camilla knock back pints in Canada Meghan wore a stunning veil for her big day in keeping with royal tradition, and she made sure it included several subtle tributes. Ms Beavis pointed out: "What was clever about this dress were the little design details that meant something personal to the couple. "Her 16-foot silk tulle veil was covered in embroidered flowers, each one representing the flora of each of the 53 Commonwealth countries. "It also had flowers that reminded her of home and her English home - the Californian poppy and Wintersweet which are grown in front of Nottingham Cottage.   "The veil was held in place by a wonderful tiara borrowed from the Queen. Made in 1932, with the central brooch dating back to Victorian times, the tiara worked perfectly with the minimal styling of the dress." Many royal brides in recent years have opted for a second wedding dress to wear to their receptions, including Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Eugenie. Kate wore a stunning lace Alexander McQueen gown by Sarah Burton for her 2011 wedding, and the dress drew comparisons to the one worn by Grace Kelly when she married Prince Rainier III of Monaco in 1956. But Kate swapped the stunning gown for another Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen gown for her wedding reception at Buckingham Palace, which featured a bedazzled waist and a furry stole.  DON'T MISS:Harry accused of portraying 'superhero' image after kissing Meghan [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry should NOT come back as part-time royals [POLL] Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan face 'make or break' moment [LIVE] Princess Eugenie broke with the traditional white and wore a blush pink silk gown by Zac Posen for her wedding reception at the Royal Lodge, Windsor. Meghan opted for a halter-neck dress for her wedding reception, a modern choice for a modern royal wedding. Ms Beavis added: "After the wedding, the minimal wedding dress returned to fashion, even seeing a halterneck or racer style neckline become fashionable which mirrored Meghan's second dress - a Stella McCartney dress worn in the evening." Meghan also made sure to pay tribute to her late mother-in-law Princess Diana on her big day by sporting her iconic aquamarine ring which Harry inherited. 