The Duchess of Cambridge, who is a Capricorn, wears an engagement ring featuring a 12-carat oval blue sapphire surrounded by 14 solitaire diamonds. Meghan Markle, born under star sign Leo, was given a three diamonds engagement ring in 2017 when Prince Harry proposed. Experts at DC Jewellery have matched each star sign in the zodiac to their perfect and most suitable engagement ring, based on each month’s ideal colours, cuts and what each diamond represents, and both the Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan Markle have been wearing the wrong gemstone according to the astrologists. Experts at DC Jewellery explained: "April’s birthstone is the diamond, but it is also the birthstone for Aries. Aries can opt for any colour diamond they wish, whether it be clear, yellow or a rarer colour such as pink. "With Aries being the fiery and ambitious sign of the zodiac, Aries should opt for a Princess cut diamond ring to stand out from the crowd." The experts said: "Emeralds are bluish-green to pure green, with vivid colour saturation and a tone that is not too dark, making it the perfect colour choice for this earth sign. "Taurus should opt for an emerald solitaire cut ring to match their strong desire for extravagance and the finer things in life."  READ MORE: How to get rid of pigeons in your garden - 5 easy ways  "To match the birthstone of this air sign, Gemini should opt for a fine pearl and diamond ring for an elegant, luxurious style to match their charming personalities," they explained. From DC Jewellery they said: "Cancerians, who famously wear their hearts on their sleeves, should choose a gorgeous ruby diamond ring to match their sensitive personalities. Opt for a stunning yellow gold band for an extra dash of elegance." "The Old Egyptians called it the 'stone of the sun': the peridot. This was because the yellow-green to dark green light reflected beautifully within this stone. "Leos should match their creative and energetic personality with a beautiful peridot diamond ring with a pear cut centrepiece," DC Jewellery explained. Therefore, the peridot is the most suitable gemstone for Meghan Markle, who was born under the star sign.   The experts said: "Definitely one of the most famous – if not the most famous – gemstones in the world: the sapphire. "The humble Virgo should opt for a beautiful sapphire diamond ring in a timeless white gold to encapsulate everything that a Virgo stands for." "A beautiful opal stone captures all colours of the rainbow, which is why Libras should pair these gorgeous colours with a classy diamond halo to create the perfect cluster ring. Libras are natural leaders and love to improve the lives of everyone around them, so this couldn’t be a more perfect choice," they explained. Experts said: "The mysterious Scorpio should channel their boldness, loyalty and passion into their beautifully striking birthstone: the topaz. The hues of blue in this birthstone dazzle gloriously in a cushion cut white diamond ring." "Turquoise is an opaque mineral. It comes in different shades of blue, bluish-green, green and even yellowish-green. To match their birthstones, the lively and philosophical Sagittarius could opt for a teal coloured diamond in a round cut style, with a yellow or white gold band to complement this gorgeous colour," the jewellery experts explained.  From DC Jewellery they said: "The garnet, or also known as grenade, is a semi-precious gemstone. "Garnets come in many different colours, but an ambitious, headstrong Capricorn should opt for a beautiful red garnet oval diamond ring, with a stunning diamond floral halo." In terms of gemstones and engagement rings, the garnet is, therefore, the best match for the Duchess of Cambridge, who is a Capricorn. "For a dramatic yet enchanting look, Aquarius should channel their optimistic personalities in an amethyst white diamond ring, with a glorious pear shaped centrepiece cut," they said. Finally, aquamarine is the most suitable gemstone for a Pisces. The jewellery experts explained: "A compassionate and gentle Pisces has the perfect coloured birthstone to match their water sign traits: the serene aquamarine. Pisces should opt for a gorgeous aquamarine coloured stone with a dazzling diamond halo in a cushion cut shape."