The nation is celebrating the Queen's incredible 70 years on the throne this year, and a Platinum Jubilee of epic proportions has been planned in honour of Her Majesty. From Thursday, June 2 to Sunday, June 5, an array of events showcasing the best of British and the monarchy has been planned across the UK, kicking off with a display of pomp and pageantry - Trooping the Colour. Trooping the Colour, also known as the Queen's Birthday Parade, will return to London this year for the first time since the pandemic began, and all the stops are being pulled out. At 10am the Queen's Birthday Parade will officially begin, and at 10.30am members of the Royal Family will leave Buckingham Palace for the parade ground. After the military display, the Queen is expected to make an appearance on the palace balcony with other members of the Royal Family to watch a flypast in her honour. The palace has already confirmed that only working members of the Royal Family, except for Princess Anne's husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, the Wessex and the Cambridge children, will appear alongside the Queen at this event. READ MORE: Kate Middleton pays tribute to Sussex wedding on eve of their return  The Platinum Jubilee Beacons is a community event running across the breadth of the UK and the Commonwealth. The event pays homage to a long royal tradition, with Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee in 1897 famously celebrated with the lighting of beacons. The Principal Beacon will be lit at 9.25pm at Buckingham Palace, with subsequent beacon lightings around the UK, Isle of Man and the Channel Islands expected at 9.45pm. At 9pm, Commonwealth Beacons will also be lit in 54 capital cities around the world.  From 11am on Friday, the Royal Family will start to arrive at the historic London landmark of St Paul's Cathedral. The poignant service will pay tribute to the Queen's long reign and life, but it is not open to the public. The event will be broadcast on the BBC from 9.15am until 12.30pm on BBC One for anyone who wants to watch from home. Derby Day at Epsom Downs is a key fixture in the royal calendar every year, and it is thought to be one of the Jubilee events the Queen is keen not to miss this year. A famous equine enthusiast and horse owner herself, victory at the Derby remains elusive for the monarch. Members of the Royal Family are expected to appear at this very special racing event as usual, but the Queen's attendance will likely be confirmed nearer to the time as has been the case in recent months. DON'T MISS:Perfect cup of tea 'to catch HM's eye' during Jubilee + royal recipe [INSIGHT]Queen's biographer explains job she would have done if wasn't monarch [ANALYSIS]Royal etiquette no-no's: Four rules that must be followed around Queen [EXPLAINER]  Buckingham Palace will be the backdrop of the Platinum Party at the Palace celebration hosted by the BBC. The lineup includes stars such as Queen + Adam Lambert, Sir Elton John, Sir Rod Stewart, Diana Ross and Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber. The Platinum Party at the Palace will air on BBC One from 7.30pm until 10.30pm and you can also catch it on BBC iPlayer and BBC Radio 2.  Communities are being invited to get to know their neighbours a little bit better with the Big Jubilee Lunch initiative. Street parties and local events are being organised across the country and, as with all of the Jubilee events this bank holiday, you can find a local event near you via the official Jubilee map. Thousands are expected to host a celebration in their local areas and toast to the Queen's long reign.  The last day of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations will see the Platinum Jubilee Pageant light up the streets of London for a final extravaganza. More than 200 flags will proceed down The Mall as part of the 'River of Hope' section, and the pageant promises to bring street arts, theatre, music, costume, carnival and circus to the streets of London. If you can't catch the action in person, the event will be broadcast on BBC One from 1pm until 5.30pm. 