Brendan Chilton, Leader of the Ashford Labour Group, was left frustrated on social media following reports Boris Johnson will look to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee with an imperial measurement announcement. The move was expected to help shore up support for the Prime Minister and Conservative Party among Eurosceptic voters in battleground constituencies. Mr Johnson is under mounting pressure from Tory MPs and voters following the release of Sue Gray's report into partygate. Express.co.uk even reported some MPs believe Sir Graham Brady may call a confidence vote in Mr Johnson on Monday after they suggested enough letters were submitted to the chairman of the backbench 1922 Committee yesterday. YouGov also suggested the Prime Minister has lost his grip in dozens of seats which helped him win an 80 seat majority in 2019 after an MRP poll claimed the Conservatives would hold on to just three out of 88 battleground seats. Mr Johnson could even lose his own Uxbridge & South Ruislip seat as YouGov suggested Labour could overturn his 15 percent majority to win by five points. However, despite growing pressure from the public and his party colleagues, the Prime Minister's reported imperial measurement plan has come under fire from several Brexiteers, including Mr Chilton. JUST IN: Brexiteers give Boris 2,000 ideas to obliterate EU rules - and here are their suggestions Mr Chilton, who led the Labour Leave campaign in the 2016 referendum, said on Twitter: "The imperial measurements thing is a gimmick designed to hold the support of a small demographic. "Where is the real Brexit dividend? "Removing those regulations that impact 80 percent of British businesses to the tune of billions of pounds. "It’s been over two years. Get on with it!" Mr Chilton, who finished behind the Tories and UKIP when he stood as the Labour candidate in the Brexit-backing Kent seat of Ashford in 2015, previously worked as a research and policy analyst for the then Luton North MP Kelvin Hopkins. Rutland & Melton MP Alicia Kearns, who was said to be the ringleader of the so-called 'Pork Pie Plot' to oust Mr Johnson, also rebuked the Prime Minister over the plan. She said: "Not one constituent, ever, has asked for this. "This isn't a Brexit freedom. It's a nonsense." DON'T MISS:Boris rages as Macron allies blame Britons for violent chaos in Paris [REACT]Partygate report leaves Tories SEVEN points behind Labour [INSIGHT]Italians mock Brexit Britain over plan to axe metric system [REVEAL] Mr Chilton, who finished behind the Tories and UKIP when he stood as the Labour candidate in the Brexit-backing Kent seat of Ashford in 2015, previously worked as a research and policy analyst for the then Luton North MP Kelvin Hopkins. Rutland & Melton MP Alicia Kearns, who was said to be the ringleader of the so-called 'Pork Pie Plot' to oust Mr Johnson, also rebuked the Prime Minister over the plan. She said: "Not one constituent, ever, has asked for this. "This isn't a Brexit freedom. It's a nonsense."