Both Scandinavian nations have until now remained neutral in their military stances when it comes to the alliance and proximity with Russia. However, the recent invasion of Ukraine has seen both countries rush to join the 30 strong pact in an effort to boost their defensive capabilities, and deter further Russian aggression. Yet for Russia, the notion of yet another border nation joining the military group appears to be one step too far.  Speaking to Express.co.uk, Zsofia Wolford, a Europe and Eurasia analyst at risk intelligence firm Sibylline, said Putin may be planning a two-pronged approach to how Russia deals with the consequences of Finland and Sweden joining the bloc. In terms of an immediate Russian response, Ms Wolford said: “We may see some military escalation between the parties, but will probably see more airspace violations as Russian aircraft spread out across the region. “Russia has already on several occasions breached airspace in the area, and this could escalate in frequency as Russian aircraft manoeuvre in response.” She added: “I think Russia will also increase their naval capacity in the Baltic Sea, posturing assets in the area, and increasing the presence of amphibious assault ships in the region.”  Ms Wolford also spoke of a second plan using “soft power”. She said: “In terms of soft power, I would expect to see a rise in disinformation campaigns, to increase public distrust against NATO and the Swedish and Finnish leadership. “Both states should expect to see more influence operations targeting politicians, as well as other NATO members in a bid to sow the seeds of doubt and confusion between members.” With Russia supplying around 40 percent of natural gas to Europe, the possibility of cutting off energy supplies to the bloc has also been considered by Russia. Upon learning of Finland’s bid to join NATO, Putin has warned energy supplies to its western border neighbour could be cut. However, Ms Wolford suggested Europe may not rely on Russian gas for long. She said: “Even if Russia does not cut off gas supplies to Europe, eventually, the EU will seek to phase out their dependence on gas and oil imports from Moscow."  READ MORE:Ukraine SINKS Russian landing craft at Snake Island With Ukraine desperately trying to join the bloc, voices have emerged from Kyiv suggesting Finland and Sweden’s rapid entry into the alliance is not fair on Ukraine. However, Mr Wolford suggests a clear and valid reason Kyiv has been unable to join the bloc to date. She said: “Wanting to join NATO is nothing new for Ukraine, they have wanted this for years. “They have been refused membership due to lack of territorial integrity, and because of this, I can’t see them being a member soon. “Until they have this integrity, Article 5 of the alliance’s agreement will cause this to be a stumbling block.”  DON'T MISS:Wikipedia refuses to comply with Putin's censorious crackdown [REPORT]‘Pakistan will align to the rest of the world’ over Ukraine [REVEAL]The world must get involved to end Ukraine conflict [ANALYSIS] Furthermore, Ms Wolford suggested tensions with other NATO members may also be a reason for Ukraine failing to join. She added: “Ukraine also has bad relations with Hungary, and this member has played a part in blocking them from joining.” Speculation has also mounted over Turkey potentially being a major hurdle for both Sweden and Finland to join NATO. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the two Nordic nations should not bother sending delegations to convince Turkey, a key NATO member, of their bids. He is angered by what he sees as their willingness to host Kurdish militants.Without the support of all NATO members, Sweden and Finland cannot join the military alliance. Many questioned the justification for NATO’s existence in recent times, with former US President Donald Trump going as far as threatening to leave the alliance over financial commitments. Yet, according to Ms Wolford, the bloc has seen a new reason to expand following the invasion of Ukraine. She said: “Putin’s actions have changed perceptions across Europe substantially. “Many within Finland and Sweden were not supportive of their country joining the alliance, but this has changed since the invasion in Ukraine.” In regards to the war, Ms Wolford suggested Putin still enjoys strong support from within Russia, in spite of many saying he is losing popularity. She concluded: “Domestically, the war may not have changed much, with many oligarchs still supportive of Putin. “The sanctions have not really had the impact it could have had on Russia, with the economy still doing relatively well under the circumstances.” 