The royal biographer condemned Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s use of their royal status for profit on the recently dropped Netflix animated series. Ms Levin discussed the cancellation of the online series with Talk TV’s Mike Graham. The royal expert said: “She didn’t want the title - they don’t want to be royals so they didn’t want to do anything that was royal, except use the title that will help them make loads of money.”    Broadcaster Mike Graham agreed: "That would be why she introduced Harry as Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex the last time they were out in the Invictus Games." Ms Levin agreed: “Yes - as if it was the Oscar awards. “I think it’s very interesting actually because you can't just use people for your own ends, you actually have to prove things.” The royal expert argued Netflix had to axe the Duchess of Sussex's programme in light of a significant loss of subscribers, focussing their resources on other projects.   She added: “When a lot of money is concerned with a big company, they’re not stupid, they’re only going to wait so long. “I think they’ve been incredibly patient. “They’ve decided that along with other things, they’re not the only thing they’re getting rid of, you just cut out the trash really. “You carry on with what is really good and what you’re seeing, what you’re being shown." Read more: Queen wishes 'mini Elizabeth' Princess Charlotte a Happy Birthday   Netflix has announced the development of Meghan Markle’s animated series ‘Pearl’ will now be scrapped. The Duchess was set to act as executive producer on the series which would cover the adventures of a young girl inspired by historically significant women. Speaking of the Netflix deal last year, Meghan said: “I’m thrilled that Archewell Productions, partnered with the powerhouse platform of Netflix, and these incredible producers, will together bring you this new animated series, which celebrates extraordinary women throughout history.” The announcement comes as Netflix faced a huge drop in subscribers as prices for the streaming service rose. Don't miss:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan experiences 'tough' reality as non-royal [REVEAL]Prince Charles vows to protect historic trees to mark mother's Jubilee [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan's waning US appeal 'threat to TV deals' [REPORT] Netflix is still set to work on a number of other projects with Prince Harry and Meghan’s cooperation. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex founded a production company, Archewell Productions, which made several content deals with Netflix. The streaming service is set to move forward with a documentary covering the Invictus Games, of which Prince Harry is a founder. Archewell Productions stated the docu-series will “showcase the powerful stories of resilience and hope from competitors on their journey to Invictus Games The Hagues 2020.”   