Erik ten Hag is set to orchestrate a mass reshape at Manchester United, starting with the signing of Everton’s Richarlison. The Brazilian has been linked with a move away from Goodison Park frequently, mainly due to Everton’s relegation-battling status. One of Ten Hag’s priorities upon his arrival at United is signing a striker. With Edinson Cavani out of contract at the end of the season and Marcus Rashford considering whether his future lies with his boyhood club, Cristiano Ronaldo could be the Red Devils’ only remaining no.9 at the club. And Richarlison appears to be a top target for United. Journalist Fabrizio Romano told The United Stand: “Two players Manchester United have discussed in the striker position is Darwin Nunez and Richarlison.” Richarlison has been one of Everton’s saving graces this season in their incredibly disappointing campaign. The 24-year-old has scored eight and assisted four in 27 Premier League performances, rising to the occasion when the Toffees have needed him. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘counting on Nunez to lead attack’ in blow to Ronaldo Transfermarkt values Richarlison at approximately £45million, though that fee could increase/decrease depending on whether manager Frank Lampard can guide Everton to safety. Ten Hag is expected to invest in all areas of the pitch, though a forward appears the priority as his other transfer business will take place after one arrives at the club. Romano continued: “Once Manchester United sign a striker this summer, then they will decide on how much they want to spend on a midfielder.” With Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic leaving this summer, acquiring reinforcements in the centre of the park is also high on Ten Hag’s ‘to do’ list. DON'T MISSChelsea's new owners tipped to do three things completely different to Roman AbramovichDarwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away Declan Rice has been cited as one of the club’s transfer targets and viewed as a long-term fix to their midfield woes, though he will certainly attract a major fee. The West Ham vice-captain was valued at £100million last summer, and David Moyes has revealed that that fee has increased even further since then. Brighton’s Yves Bissouma and Wolves’ Ruben Neves have also both been linked with a move to United, but whether they are still within budget remains to be seen after the club has signed a striker. The Red Devils are also set to be in the market for a central defender too, with Eric Bailly and Phil Jones both expected to depart.