Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon offered the update about her plans to rip the UK apart as she insisted “Scotland’s on a path to independence”. Ms Sturgeon revealed “work is well underway” for white papers to be published on the SNP’s plans for Scotland outside the UK. Speaking ahead of the local elections tomorrow, the SNP leader told The National of the white papers: “It will be reasonably soon and we’ll start to publish these papers as we go through the next few months so that work is well underway. “The opposition are holding their hands up in horror that I’ve been having meetings about taking forward an independence referendum ... I was elected on a mandate to take forward an independence referendum and I think people across Scotland would have more right to be annoyed if I hadn’t been doing that work and making those preparations.” The prospectus will replace the independence White Paper that was published before the 2014 referendum, which laid out the various policy positions that would be put in place in an independent Scotland.   Speaking of her aims to build momentum for a second vote, Ms Sturgeon said: “It’s the people of Scotland who weren’t convinced in 2014 that I want to convert. “In a referendum, just like in an election, everybody’s vote is worth the same. “So what we have to do in Scotland is convert a majority of the Scottish population to support independence. I think we are well on the way to doing that.  READ MORE: 'Don't need permission!' Sturgeon bites back at no indy plot mandate “I think when the time comes we will do that but everybody matters in terms of the decision that lies ahead. “You’re talking about wanting to win more people over if you and the SNP and the Greens make really good gains at this election are you tempted to use that as a second mandate on top of… “You don’t need a second mandate, we’ve got a mandate and we’re going to progress that mandate in the way we set out last year.”  DON'T MISSLocal elections 2022: What Scotland's vote means for UK and Brexit [EXPLAINER]Scottish Elections LIVE: Sturgeon grilled in final FMQs [BLOG]Newsnight: Nicola Sturgeon branded ‘liar’ over Ferry Fiasco [INSIGHT] The SNP stepped up its campaign to drag Scotland out of the Union when Britons voted to unshackle from the Brussels bloc in a Brexit referendum.Some 62 percent of Scots voted to remain in the EU in the June 2016 vote. Taking a swipe at Prime Minister Boris Jonson and his Tory Government, Ms Sturgeon added: “There are global factors at play but the Tories have a lot of culpability for the crisis we’re in just now.  “The removal of Universal Credit from some of the most vulnerable people in the country, Brexit imposed on Scotland against our will, have had an impact on prices and is fuelling the cost of living crisis. “So they need to come forward, step up and do much more to help.”