The Russian President was seen with a blanket over his lap at a military parade in Moscow today in stark contrast to the strongman image he has tried to project in the past. It comes as questions have been raised over Putin's health in recent months. Journalist John Sweeney, who is currently reporting from Ukraine, tweeted: "Vladimir Putin - a blanket on his knees, his cheeks full, a hamster stuffed with steroids - cuts a weak and enfeebled figure as Russian Army rolls past the Kremlin. "No declaration of big war; no call-up; no General Gerasimov. Listen: you can hear the knives being sharpened." Another Twitter user, Wallis Weaver, said: "So, I watched some of the parade and I watched Putin carefully. Putin didn’t look strong, he didn’t look confident, and he didn’t look happy. He looked old, tired, and fat/puffy. He was sitting for a while and had a blanket on his lap. Not a good look. "When Putin walked he swung his left arm vigorously while his right arm hung limp at his side most of the time. "He seem to have use of his right arm so it seemed curious as to why it hung limp so much." A third with the handle @JanGilb33464730 wrote: "Putin looks frumpy, and old today, looks like his health and/or the war is wearing him down." Another Twitter user, David Nelson, said: "Walking from the parade to the tomb, Putin barely moved his right arm, and walked with a limp, favoring his right leg. He is surrounded by bodyguards and appears to be wearing body armor under his overcoat." Former head of the British Army Lord Dannatt said Putin looked "puffy" and did not appear to be "moving freely".  Lord Dannatt told Sky News: "I was really just commenting on how President Putin looked. "He doesn't seem to be moving as freely and as easily as one has seen him do to in the past. "I think we've all commented that, actually, he looked pretty puffy around the face. "I don't know how well or how unwell he is, there's people circulating rumours he's got cancer of some sort. I don't know. "But if he goes under a bus, metaphorically or realistically, will the replacement be more any better?"   The Russian President used the military parade on Monday as an attempt to cast his brutal invasion of Ukraine as a necessary response to Western policies. Putin claimed that his attack on Russia's neighbour was necessary to ward off "an absolutely unacceptable threat just next to our borders". He also claimed the West had been "preparing for the invasion of our land, including Crimea". Defence Secretary Ben Wallace today slammed Putin for his "fairytale claims".  Mr Wallace said: "President Putin has made a number of fairytale claims for months and years now. "If it wasn't so tragic it would be amusing, but it isn't. "One of his claims is that he is surrounded. Nato accounts for six percent of his land border. That's not being surrounded if only six percent of your land border is Nato countries. "I think he is believing what he wants to believe - a slight shine of desperation. "But let me put on the record categorically: Nato, Britain, eastern Europe is not planning to invade Russia and never has done."