Putin had become victim of his own fake news and over-hyped military capability while the international media had to accept that war is not a made-for-television series all over in six days. The war in Ukraine is now set to be long, very bloody and to be measured in months and years, perhaps even years, and decades. The realisation that Russia will remain a threat to Ukraine and eastern Europe demands a return to an effective deterrence posture by NATO underpinned by markedly increased land warfare capability. For the United Kingdom this requires an urgent re-appraisal of last year’s review of our defence policy. The reality of a brutal land war in Europe has exposed the vanity of the tilt to the Indo-Pacific and the furnishing for ourselves of a hideously expensive Carrier Strike programme of ships and aircraft that can only play a marginal role in central Europe. The British Army, having risen to every challenge in Afghanistan and Iraq between 2001 and 2014, is now to be cut to its smallest size since 1714, losing 9,500 soldiers by 2025 and reducing its holding of main battle tanks by a third. Furthermore, the scrapping of the Hercules transport aircraft and a reduction in helicopters will mean that this emaciated army cannot even enjoy the tactical agility to move on the extended battlefield. The land war in Ukraine and the threats to all states which border Russia demands an effective land deterrence capability overseen by credible air power. This will not be cheap. The case for the UK defence budget to rise to 3% of GDP is growing. The planned cuts to our land capability must be stopped. There must be a modernisation of our complete tank fleet, the decision to scrap our armoured infantry fighting vehicles reversed, accompanied by a significant increase in our spending on field artillery, air defence weapons and both target acquisition and attack drones. The Treasury will not like finding another £15 to £20 billion a year but all inhabitants of Downing Street must remember that the first duty of government is the security of the state. We cannot just leave it to President Zelensky to fight our wars for us.