Social media users and Express.co.uk commenters were up in arms over suggestions for the Government to introduce a maximum driving age. This was proposed as a way to keep roads safe and to ensure that everyone on the road was safe to be behind the wheel. Keith Hawes, Director of Nationwide Vehicle Contracts, supports elderly drivers’ criticism of the proposals. He said: “Elderly drivers are constantly unfairly targeted for being the cause of many road traffic accidents. “However, research proves any scrutiny of elderly drivers is untrue. “For instance, it is known that younger drivers (aged between 17 and 21) are three to four times more likely to be involved in accidents than elderly drivers. READ MORE: Andy Burnham scraps daily charging for petrol and diesel vehicles “The introduction of a maximum driving age is not a suitable course of action if the aim is to reduce road traffic accidents.” Elderly drivers are required to renew their licence every three years after the age of 70. When applying for a new licence, they are asked to detail any medical conditions they may have. Alongside this, they need to confirm their eyesight is good enough to satisfy driving rules. DON'T MISSMotorists warned of further car tax changes as VED increases likely [WARNING]Ten future classics set to soar in value [REVEALED]Diesel drivers are being 'fleeced' at the pumps as MP's demand action [SHOCKING] They can use the DVLA’s service to renew their driving licence if they are 70 or over, or if they will be 70 in the next 90 days. The DVLA will automatically send drivers a D46P application form 90 days before their 70th birthday, allowing drivers to renew. Failing to disclose a notifiable medical condition is a punishable offence. Mr Hawes said there are already “sufficient precautions and regulations” in place to ensure all elderly drivers are still fit to be behind the wheel. He added: “Such a policy would only alienate the elderly from society by limiting their mobility and reducing their independence. “It would also increase the complications elderly people face when attending things like social events, hospital appointments, etc. “The UK’s ageing population is going to cause a considerable demographic shift over the coming years. “Limiting the mobility of the elderly also adds to the burden of care faced by caregivers across the country. “In my opinion, this policy is a complete no-go.” According to data from the Older Drivers Task Force, there will be more than one million motorists over the age of 85 by 2025. Because of this, the organisation recommended that the DVLA should require evidence of an eyesight test at age 75. It said the DVLA, insurers and others should also encourage vision checks every two years, particularly from age 60.