Meghan Markle and Prince Harry and their children are to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations but have been omitted from the Trooping the Colour balcony appearance by the Queen. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed on Friday, also their son Archie's third birthday, that they were "excited and honoured" to attend the commemorations for the monarch's milestone in June with their eldest child and his sister Lilibet. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams has claimed the royal couple are "certainly not close" to the Royal Family. Speaking on Us Weekly's Royally Us, Mr Fiztwilliams said: "From the Susssexes point of view, if they're going to be philanthropists, it's not in her interest or his to have bad family relations. "Apart from Princess Eugenie and Doria, Meghan's mother, they are certainly estranged from everybody as far as I can see. "They're certainly not close to them. "As far as the Royal Family is concerned, they want to stop damage. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Would you boo Meghan and Harry on UK return? "It's everyone's interest to solve the rift but will it be solved? "What about the state of the Sussexes finances, what about Netflix's disastrous situation with shares plummeting? And the fact that they're going to scrap Meghan's series." The Queen has limited the Trooping the Colour balcony appearance to working members of her family, with the Duke of York and Harry and Meghan missing out. It is not known which elements of the four-day Jubilee weekend Harry and Meghan could make an appearance at. A spokeswoman for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." It will be the first time Harry and Meghan have brought their family to the UK since leaving for the US. Lili's first birthday falls during the Jubilee weekend on June 4 and she is yet to meet the Queen, the Prince of Wales and other members of the family. The monarch's decision to only include royals carrying out official public duties was taken "after careful consideration", Buckingham Palace said. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan 'blamed' as snub forces other royals off balcony [VIDEO]Prince Harry memoir: Americans will not 'warm' to Queen Camilla [ANALYSIS]Meghan 'loathed' England but may 'come back for biggest role' - claim [INSIGHT] The symbolic move by the Queen has been interpreted as a snub to Harry and Meghan, who quit the monarchy for a new life in the US two years ago, and to Andrew, who was cast out of the institution over his civil sexual assault case. On June 2, Trooping the Colour, the sovereign's official birthday parade, will kick start the four days of Jubilee festivities, with 18 members of the royal family set to gather on the famous frontage, with the Queen "looking forward" to the weekend of celebrations. A Palace spokesman said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." Joining the Queen on the balcony for Trooping will be the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Earl and Countess of Wessex, the Princess Royal, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent, Princess Alexandra, and Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence.