With the property market still booming across the country, many homeowners are looking for ways to boost the value of their homes before they put them on the market. Certain features in a home can add thousands to the price tag of a home, while others can do the opposite. National furniture retailer, ScS, has partnered with webuyanyhouse.co.uk to share their advice on what adds value to a home and what to avoid. Replacing a kitchen floor can reportedly add up to £5,000 to the value of a property. Buyers will be attracted to the clean, comfortable finish and the practicality of a floor that doesn’t need ripping up and replacing in a few years’ time. Modern porcelain tiles are an “effective way” to add value onto the kitchen, as they're hard-wearing, waterproof, stain-resistant and durable.  READ MORE: How to get rid of moths using white vinegar According to the experts, the heating system is “one of the most important parts” of a property. Upgrading radiators may sound pricey but it can reportedly add up to £10,000 to the price of a property. A radiator upgrade will ensure they heat rooms efficiently as well as improving the appearance of a home. To add a touch of style, homeowners could opt for aluminium radiators, and black or charcoal coloured radiators.  DON'T MISSWallis Simpson's interiors in old home in Windsor are 'a nightmare' [INSIGHT]‘Should do the trick’: ‘Best’ way to unblock a sink without chemicals [UPDATE]Tomatoes: How to avoid ‘total plant death’ from ‘late spring frosts’ [ANALYSIS] Upgrading the interior doors of a property can add up to £7,500 to the value of a home. The addition of single or double sliding doors can be more functional and flexible, depending on the space. Sliding doors can also elevate the style of a room and make a space look bigger if a large wooden door feels bulky. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea As stylish and beautiful as they are, freestanding baths are not the most practical option for many buyers. According to the experts, freestanding baths are more high maintenance and require extra room under floors for additional pipes and plumbing. If the pipes leak, homeowners will then have to be accessed which could involve ripping up the floor. One trend that’s surged in popularity recently is creating colourful shapes and patterns on walls using tape.  These feature walls can look artistic, unique and truly spectacular if finished to a high standard. However, they are not always appreciated by buyers. Scalloped edges, accent corners and painted arches won’t always appeal to every individual which can make it more difficult to sell a property. Homeowners should stick to neutral colours to appeal to buyers. A log burner on a cold, winter evening can make a room feel cosy and welcoming. However, not every buyer finds them appealing as they require a lot of fuel and a place to store wood. The risk of smoke damage and marking walls can also put buyers off. Gold features such as taps can add a touch of elegance to a home but they’re very stylistic which doesn’t appear to every buyer. Gold can also quickly look stained and marked, and can be difficult to match with people’s furniture and other features in the home.