Manchester United breezed past Brentford to add some smiles to an Old Trafford crowd that had been ready to cause havoc. A mass walkout on 73 minutes failed to happen as the Red Devils smashed the Bees 3-0 with goals from Bruno Fernandes, Cristiano Ronaldo and Raphael Varane. While it has been a disappointing season, this was a silver lining ahead of next year when Erik ten Hag will join and a summer rebuild planned. A couple of iffy moments but was largely untested by Brentford. Nevertheless, will be happy to keep a clean sheet after some nightmare home displays in recent weeks while his passing has improved. The right-back had a tough first-half where he could not get in the game while Christian Eriksen toyed with him. The Portuguese defender improved slightly after the break but his crossing is atrocious - definitely something Erik ten Hag will want him to improve next season. The World Cup winner was fortunate that Ivan Toney did not score after completing losing the Brentford forward up top. Enjoyed a better second-half when he scored the third of the match to all but end the contest. Diogo Dalot - 5 The right-back had a tough first-half where he could not get in the game while Christian Eriksen toyed with him. The Portuguese defender improved slightly after the break but his crossing is atrocious - definitely something Erik ten Hag will want him to improve next season.  United can thank their lucky stars they came up against attackers who looked out of form tonight as, while Lindelof had little to do, he did not do it well. On several occasions, he was beaten to the ball despite being closer and only looked comfortable passing back to De Gea. Largely battered on the left-hand side and offered zilch going forward, Luke Shaw will feel his spot in the starting XI is comfortably his if he can keep fit but that is a big if. Telles just simply cannot be first-choice at left-back for a whole season. A solid starter in midfield and continues to baffle why he has been sidelined for so long. Matic is the only player at United who can actually lock down a midfield and his involvement throughout the season would no doubt have had an impact. Getting to the point where it is difficult to see what McTominay offers this United side after yet another listless performance. What does the Scotland international do? Because it is not working at the moment. Still a very raw talent but was a bundle of energy in attack which is exactly what United needed throughout the match. It was his spin and move that opened the scores and set the tone for the first goal. May have scored and his positioning deserves credit but lost possession countless times and, for a playmaker, that is borderline unforgivable. It was no surprise to see that this was his first goal in 11 matches. Another player who will leave United fans scratching his head as to why he has been left on the sidelines - the club's most creative player and it is not even close. A joy to watch when oozing class as he did tonight in what will be his last performance at Old Trafford in red. It was clear to see that Ronaldo was enjoying playing with Mata and it is not difficult to see why - while this was a glistening display from the main man. Fully deserved his goal from the penalty spot after his surging run led to Rico Henry's foul in the box. (Fred - N/A, Cavani - N/A, Jones N/A)