The Eurovision 2022 grand final will see 23 countries going head to head as they aim to impress the public and secure those all-important votes. However, could Spain have the edge over its competitors thanks to its song lyrics? Express.co.uk takes a look at the data suggesting the dual-language lyrics in the song could aid the nation towards a win. Chanel sings her upbeat club banger in a mixture of English and Spanish with the lyrics veering from one language into another. Some of the lyrics read: “Take a video/Watch it slo mo, mo, mo, mo, mo/Booty hypnotic/Make you want more, more, morе, more, more/Voy a bajarlo hasta el suеlo, lo, lo, lo, lo (Yeah).” Half of all winning Eurovision songs have been performed in English with most acts performing in the language since the early 2000s. Since 1999, most winning songs have been performed in English apart from in 2007 when Serbia’s winner Marija Šerifović sang Molitva in her native language. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022 LIVE: UK's Sam Ryder tipped as frontrunner Also, Portugal won in 2018 with Amar pelos dois by Salvador Sobral and Italy last year with Måneskin and the track Zitti E Buoni. Around 41 percent of winning songs in the music competition between 1956 and 1988 were performed in French. In fact, at the first Eurovision Song Contest in 1956, the winning track was sung in French. Other languages which have led to Eurovision glory are Dutch, Italian and Hebrew in joint third place, according to figures from language learning marketplace Preply. While SloMo has got a better chance of winning because it’s a combination of the winning Eurovision song language English and Spanish, there are other reasons suggesting it’s a top contender. Chanel was the most-searched for act on Google, just behind Austria’s LUMIX & Pia Maria who were sadly knocked out during the semi-finals this week. Amy Pritchett from Preply said: “Eurovision provides an opportunity for countries to display their culture and language and show their pride in their identity. “From when it started in 1956, we’ve seen this throughout the competition, with acts using traditional folk music and traditional instruments, making each show unique!” DON'T MISS...How much do Amanda and Clive Owen get paid for Our Yorkshire Farm? [EXPLAINER]Laila Rouass on Ronnie O'Sullivan 'feeling flat' after world title win [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes revenge [ANALYSIS] Pritchett went on to say: “Before 1999, countries sang their entry song in their native language. “Since then, acts have taken to singing in the English language, providing a more standardised competition. “However, we still see different languages crop up in the competition, making the show an excellent evening for music and language lovers across the globe. “Ukraine is a perfect example of that this year, with their song using a mixture of rap and traditional Ukrainian folk music. “In addition, the song is entirely in Ukrainian, making it only the second time a Ukrainian song has been in the contest.” Although Spain’s dual language could help, the oddsmakers have put Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra and their song Stefania as the favourites. While some suggest the nation is the favourite due to Europe standing with Ukraine in solidarity amid the Russian invasion, the song was already thought to be a favourite prior to the start of the conflict. Also, the UK’s Sam Ryder and his track Space Man are frontrunners in the competition with the TikTok star perhaps sealing victory for Britain after 25 years in Eurovision wilderness. The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 grand final airs on BBC One tonight at 8pm