The organisation adds: “A stroke can happen to anyone, but there are some things that increase your risk of a stroke. It’s important to know what the risk factors are, and do what you can to reduce your risk.” The CDC says sudden numbness or weakness in the face, arm, or leg, especially on one side of the body is a sign of a stroke.  Other signs include: The NHS says: “If you suspect you or someone else is having a stroke, phone 999 immediately and ask for an ambulance.” READ MORE: Cancer warning: Three vitamin supplements linked to an 'elevated' risk of lung cancer  The health body notes even if the symptoms disappear while you're waiting for the ambulance, it's still important to go to hospital for an assessment. The NHS states: “Symptoms of a stroke that disappear quickly and in less than 24 hours may mean you had a transient ischaemic attack (TIA). “These symptoms should also be treated as a medical emergency to reduce the chances of having another stroke.” It says you should not delay if you feel very unwell or think there's something seriously wrong, and you should call 999.  The NHS says: “The signs and symptoms of a stroke vary from person to person, but usually begin suddenly.“As different parts of your brain control different parts of your body, your symptoms will depend on the part of your brain affected and the extent of the damage.” It states that the main stroke symptoms can be remembered with the word FAST:  The Mayo Clinic says that “knowing your stroke risk factors, following your doctor's recommendations and adopting a healthy lifestyle” are the best steps you can take to prevent a stroke. In general, healthy lifestyle recommendations include controlling high blood pressure, and healthy lifestyle changes and medications are often used to treat high blood pressure. The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) says anxiety, depression, and high stress levels are all risk factors. It adds: “Working long hours and not having much contact with friends, family, or others outside the home are also linked with higher risk of stroke.”  There are also a number of risk factors, including unhealthy lifestyle habits, such as eating unhealthy foods, not getting regular physical activity, drinking alcohol, and using illegal drugs. Getting an NHS Health Check, for those aged 40 to 74 years, can identify early if you are at risk of a stroke. The Stroke Association adds: “Many people think that strokes only happen to older people, but stroke can strike anyone, at any time. “It's vital to know how to spot the signs of a stroke in yourself or someone else. Use the FAST test to help you recognise the signs.” 