The storms are predicted to bring some disruption to the country. With thunder and lightning predicted, the Met Office foresees some short term loss of power and other services is likely.  Furthermore, other consequences can be expected during the storm. The Met Office states, that there is a good chance driving conditions will be affected by spray, standing water and/or hail, leading to longer journey times by car and bus. It also says there may be delays to some regional and local services. It adds some flooding and damage to buildings could also occur as a result of heavy rain and lightning.  The Met Office goes on to say: "During Monday afternoon thunderstorms are likely to develop over parts of Wales and the Midlands before moving northwards into northern England and develop over Northern Ireland. "These are likely to bring some heavy rain to places with 20 mm of rain possible in 1-2 hours but also the risk of hail and thunder. "The thunderstorms will clear from the south during the afternoon then die out altogether into the evening." READ MORE:UK hot weather forecast: Blistering heat to unleash thunderstorms According to the Met Office, Darlington, Durham, Hartlepool, Middleborough, Redcar and Cleveland and Stockton on Tees are all likely to be affected. Parts of Wales, North West England, Yorkshire and Northern Ireland are all set to feel the effects of the turbulent weather. A "Yellow Weather Warning" states: "Severe weather is possible over the next few days and could affect you. "Yellow means that you should plan ahead thinking about possible travel delays, or the disruption of your day to day activities. "The Met Office is monitoring the developing weather situation and Yellow means keep an eye on the latest forecast and be aware that the weather may change or worsen, leading to disruption of your plans in the next few days." DON'T MISS:RAF ‘ready to defend airspace’ as jets moved to Yorkshire [REPORT]Sturgeon ally says Scotland should leave NATO [REVEAL]M6 police chase chaos as car bursts into flames and crashes in field [INSIGHT] Last night also saw a scattering of thunderstorms across the UK. Citizens in the South West of England were treated to a light show in the sky as residents took to social media to share their pictures of the phenomenon. Louiz told PlymouthLive he "enjoyed" watching the storm this morning and was glad not to miss it. He posted the video in a local Facebook group this morning and people began commenting to say they had seen it and described it as "awesome." One person wrote: "I was watching it in Foxfield Close had the best view from my window was good." Another person said: "Awesome watching it. So glad I didn't miss it."