Charlene White has enjoyed a longstanding broadcasting career for over two decades. The ITV newsreader was announced as the host of the daytime show Loose Women in 2020, following the shock departure of Andrea McLean and Saira Khan, who also left the show. The 41-year-old spoke candidly about her career in broadcasting with Gabby Logan on the Midpoint podcast. It comes after the sports presenter said it felt like Charlene is "everywhere" on television. But the broadcaster admitted while it may seem like she is on-air "constantly" she confirmed she only covers the national news and Loose Women once a week. It comes after Gabby quizzed the newsreader on her numerous gigs on the ITV network. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers undergoes chemotherapy amid illness  She commented: "There is a temptation for people to think that you are an overnight success. Like most people in journalism and telly, this is what you studied. You've been doing it your whole life?" Charlene sighed: "Yes. I've been doing it for over 20 years now and I've been at ITV for 15 years. This is my 15th year. "I started off as the overnight girl working really horrendous shifts. Getting in at 9pm and not leaving until 10am the following morning. Seven days on, seven days off."  The broadcaster explained she had "toiled away" for a long time before she was able to make her "mark" at the network. Charlene hit back at claims she has been able to feature on a number of programmes in a push for more diversity. The Loose Women host added: "When people say, 'oh you know you're only doing it because they want a bit of diversity on the screen.' "It's like no, actually, I've been doing this for a long time." DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty sparks concern after BBC Breakfast absence[LATEST]Alex Jones dismayed as son, 3, taken to hospital for operation[UPDATE]Britney Spears, 40, sparks frenzy as she goes completely NAKED[PICTURES] Charlene has become a firm favourite on ITV and over the past year has fronted her own documentary called Charlene White: Empire’s Child, as part of Black History Month in which she delved into her family history. After graduating, she went on to become the youngest senior journalist at the BBC, aged just 22. In 2008, she joined ITN as a newscaster and, in 2014, began presenting ITV News at Ten. Having been a guest presenter on Loose Women on various occasions – Charlene became a regular anchor on the show in January 2021. The on-screen host started off as a reporter on Radio 1’s Newsbeat and its sister digital station, BBC Radio 1Xtra, back in 2002. The journalist then went on to become a co-presenter on 1Xtra’s two-hour news programme TX in 2005. Charlene has appeared on ITV Lunchtime, Evening, and Weekend News, and has been a contributor to the Guardian. Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm.  