Far-left Jean-Luc Mélenchon took direct aim at far-right contender Marine Le Pen and her Nationally Rally party – previously known as the National Front – for having been absent since her party lost the French presidential election. Presidential hopeful Mélenchon lost the first round of the election by one single percentage point to Ms Le Pen. He is now campaigning to become Prime Minister ahead of France’s parliamentary election. In a campaign speech to his left-wing coalition, Mr Mélenchon hit out at Ms Le Pen: “So there is one vote that is absolutely useless. It's the National Front.” Under the applause, Mr Mélenchon continued: “And I'll tell you why. “I'll tell you why it's absolutely useless. “As the MP was telling you - there are several MPs here, they (Le Pen’s MPs) don't come. They don't do the job.” According to Marine Le Pen's spokesperson, the far-right leader has been recovering from the French presidential election – hence her absence from the campaign field ahead of the French parliamentary elections. “Pension reform. Not a word from Madame Le Pen”, Mr Mélenchon added.  “So she says: yes, but that's because I don't have a group. Liar! “Anyone can speak, any MP can speak when they want to table an amendment and defend it.“That's not true, you're useless... except for helping the other guy (Emmanuel Macron).” The three driving forces of the campaign are Macron’s coalition Revival, Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s left-wing Union and Marine Le Pen’s National Rally. While Jean-Luc Mélenchon has been throwing his whole weight behind his campaign to form a “historical”, four-party left-wing coalition, Marine Le Pen has refused to form an alliance with Eric Zemmour’s Reconquest party. READ MORE: Macron finally speaks to Boris after snubbing UK for Putin and US According to the latest polls, Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s coalition is poised to win the first round with 59 percent of the votes against 13 percent for President Macron’s coalition and Marine Le Pen’s party. Mr Mélenchon continued: “Anyway, I don't want to be too bad-mouthed either. “You mustn't be too bad-mouthed and show those who are never there in the evening where they are not interested. “OK, but there is something that Mr Bardella (Marine le Pen’s spokesperson) said.” “He said: Madame Le Pen does not want to be Prime Minister. Well, fine, let her stay at home. He is not presenting any candidates.” DON'T MISS: Eamonn Holmes defends France for betrayal of Falklands vets [REPORT]Macron 'passive-aggressively' ignoring Channel crossing row [INSIGHT]'Paradoxical' video of Macron's record mocked - 'all by himself!' [REPORT] Jean-Luc Mélenchon, however, has been clear in his intention of becoming Prime Minister. If his coalition wins a majority of seats in France’s lower court, Macron could be forced to elect Mr Mélenchon as Prime Minister.   “There's no point in voting for them because they won't do anything”, Mélenchon hit out at Marine Le Pen’s party.