Royal biographer Angela Levin has criticised Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's decision to bring their two small children - Archie and Lilibet - with them to the Platinum Jubilee in early June. Speaking to GB News, Ms Levin said that the family of four chose the "wrong timing" to introduce Lilibet to her namesake and great-grandmother the Queen. GB News morning host Stephen Dixon suggested that the arrival of the children could be a "good ice-breaker" between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family. Harry and Meghan announced on Friday that they planned to travel to the UK next month to attend Queen Elizabeth's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple also plans to bring their children, 3-year-old Archie and 10-month-old Lilibet, according to a spokeswoman for the Sussexes. However, Ms Levin suggested that the couple should have chosen a better time to introduce Lilibet to the Queen for the first time. She responded to the announcement on GB News: "I think it is wrong for them to bring their small children over at this time. "The Queen is going to be very heavily in demand. There is a lot she has to do during that weekend." JUST IN: Prince Charles to put his foot down and snub Eugenie's royal claim  The royal biographer continued: "It will be hard for her because she doesn't have the energy nor the mobility. "To have small children, who don't know her, coming around for tea is another burden on her. "They could have come any time before now, and done it quietly and nicely, and that would have been a very special and intimate family event. "But with so much going on during the Jubilee, it is just the wrong time. In my view, it's another chance to make more money out of Netflix."  Host Stephen Dixon responded: "But it is an ice-breaker though, isn't it? Particularly bringing Lilibet who the Queen hasn't met." Ms Levin said: "It will be an ice-breaker but you need a lot of time, don't you? There will be so much going on that weekend. "We don't know how long they are going to stay. If they stay a week, then maybe it's alright but if they come for a brief period, it could be too much." Harry and Meghan's trip to the UK will be the couple's first public trip there since stepping down from their senior royal roles two years ago. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan 'will spoil' Queen's Jubilee, Angela Levin claims [INTERVIEW]Putin's own mouthpiece admits riots could erupt 'tomorrow' [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan to reunite with Wills and Kate [LIVE BLOG]  Archie, who celebrated his third birthday on Friday, has not traveled back to the country of his birth since the family moved to California in 2020. Lilibet has yet to meet any members of the Royal Family since she was born in the US. Despite the family's decision to attend, the Queen has barred Harry and Meghan from appearing on the Buckingham Palace balcony for Trooping the Colour. Instead, the Queen will be joined by Prince Charles, and his wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, as well as Prince William, and his wife, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and their three children, according to the palace. 