Boy George underwent a smile transformation in 2020. The star has received both backlash and praise for his new look. The star's teeth now have a whiter, more even appearance. However, it seems that many fans are concerned that his teeth are part of what makes Boy George who he is. In an age of filters, veneers and cosmetic 'tweakments' and treatments, some fans wish he had left his teeth alone. Others have commented that his voice has altered, which has worried some fans who love his singing. It is unknown why Boy George opted to have his teeth transformed. READ MORE: 'I felt like a human': Cancer patient receives hair replacement system  There is some speculation that they had been damaged during his heroin addition. The star got clean on March 2, 2008. Typically, when Boy George initially revealed his new teeth, many took to social media to comment on the star's transformation. In 2020, Twitter user @Mellon56 stated: "I always like your English tea teeth. I was proud of you, but theses look good too. Lol. "I first thought it was a filter. Lol. Love you madly, looking forward to seeing you in person again, I need new pic. Wait til I show you." Boy George himself responded to the tweet: "My teeth are not your concern." He later apologised for his "out of line" comment, but several fans of the singer had already taken to the platform in the singer's defence. @AnnetteS218 stated: "Omg you are so patient with all these comments. I admire you." @tinarice77 seconded this: "It’s not about the teeth, it’s about the smile, and I love that we’re seeing lots of that gorgeous smile lately." But years later, many still cannot get over Boy George's new smile.  Under a Facebook post announcing his teeth transformation by BOY George & Culture Club History, Derek Connell commented: "Looks like Cheshire cat - absolutely ridiculous- too big and too white." Patti Mckinley believed that the star's old teeth were synonymous with him. "I wish he wouldn't have done it. He looks so different." Simon Daniel Bisogno asked: "Has he borrowed them from Rylan?" However, Fuego Beltane commented: "Gorgeous George!!!"