Eurovision will take place in Turin this year after Måneskin took home the title for Italy in 2021. The host nation had been performing well with bookmakers but earlier in the week slipped out of the top three in favour of Sweden. Now, historical data points to Sweden taking Eurovision by storm and potentially winning the competition over frontrunner Ukraine. Data experts at bookies BoyleSports have analysed the past performance of every country since Eurovision began in 1956. BoyleSports have used his data to create the ultimate points table. Sweden is the most successful nation having accumulated 6351 points in the contest’s history and sit at the top of the table. Despite not having favourable odds at 66/1, Norway have history on their side as they sit second in the all-time points list with 4315. Read more: Sam Ryder: UK’s Eurovision contestant’s huge net worth France is in third position with 4251 points and the host nation sits behind with 4240. The UK has scored 4081 points in total putting them in eighth position. A spokesperson for BoyleSports said: “Our Eurovision number-crunchers analysed every competition in the contest’s history to reveal the ultimate champion. “Thanks to the likes of Eurovision legends ABBA, Sweden is the greatest performing nation of all time, and the odds suggest they’re in with a great chance of winning it for a sixth time. “Despite two infamous nul points, the data shows that the UK has a surprisingly strong scoring record which could be added to this year with Sam Ryder amongst the favourites this year.” Eurovision fans agree Sweden’s Cornelia Jakobs with her song Hold Me Closer could be the one to watch. @LinguistJosh tweeted: “Sweden’s song has definitely been growing on me very quickly over the last few weeks.” “Who are we tipping to win Eurovision? I’d say if not Ukraine, then Sweden,” @f1onfilm added. DON'T MISSJay Aston slams UK for not coming up with good songs since 90s [VIDEO]Eurovision fix: Cheryl Baker hits out at European voting stitch-up  [INTERVIEW]Norway Eurovision: Who are the duo behind Subwoolfer? [INSIGHT] @Emeliemjo wrote: "TODAY IS #Eurovision DAY!!!! I REALLY HOPE SWEDEN OR NORWAY WINS.” @spacebat123 said: “Hard to predict without having seen the big five performances in their entirety but I think Ukraine wins and Sweden takes second place. #Eurovision.” Meanwhile, bookies Ladbrokes have seen Sweden’s odds slashed in recent days. Ladbrokes had placed Italy as second-favourites at the start of the week with odds of 6/1. But they now sit at fourth in the betting with odds as big as 9/1 while Sweden has slipped into third position at 7/1. Ukraine is leading the way at 2/5 while the UK sits comfortably behind at 6/1. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Italy has been dealt a crushing blow when it comes to their hopes of securing back-to-back Eurovision crowns. Interest in the hosts is fading, which will come as great news to Ukraine, UK and Sweden." Eurovision airs on BBC One tonight at 8pm.