The First Minister will overtake her former mentor Alex Salmond on Wednesday, having served in the role at Bute House for seven years, six months and five days. While she will reach a new milestone, Nicola Sturgeon seems unlikely to have little time to celebrate as her government faces criticism over cuts in services by the newly nationalised ScotRail and ongoing questions over the construction of two new ferries for lifeline routes, which are years late and over budget.  Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross insisted her record is anything but a cause for celebration, branding it “appalling”. He pointed to Scotland’s drugs death shame and the abandoned pledge to eliminate the educational attainment gap as among the most glaring failures of her time in office. He also outlined rising violent crime rates, savage cuts to local councils, missed environmental targets and an NHS in crisis in Scotland. The Tory leader also highlighted the current chaos faced by ferry users and train passengers as evidence of a failed First Minister constantly distracted by her obsession for Scotland to rip itself from the UK. Scottish Conservative Leader Douglas Ross said: “Nicola Sturgeon may be Scotland’s longest-serving First Minister but her record is appalling. “Across virtually every policy area, hers is a story of failure and broken promises. But the two that stand out to me are drug deaths and the attainment gap.  READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon told joining euro is 'main problem' of independence  DON'T MISSSNP ‘incompetence’ leaves Scots in the lurch [INSIGHT]Nicola Sturgeon warned over 'risky' second referendum court battle [WARNING]Pro-independence 'propaganda' circulates in Scottish school [INFO] “The number of Scots dying from drugs has soared inexorably while Nicola Sturgeon, in her own words, took her eye off the ball. Our death rate is now the highest in Europe, shaming the nation and her in particular. “Nicola Sturgeon described closing the education attainment gap between our most and least deprived youngsters as the ‘defining mission’ of her government and yet that gap has widened to such a chasm that her Education Secretary shamefully ditched the pledge last week. “Elsewhere, we see violent crime rising thanks to the SNP’s soft-touch approach to justice, a Scottish NHS in crisis due to dire workforce planning, local services hollowed out thanks to brutal SNP cuts to council funding and repeatedly missed environmental targets.”  Even as she becomes the longest serving First Minister in history, Ms Sturgeon is still dealing with pressure over the country's transport network. Two late and over-budget ferries being built at the Government-owned Ferguson Marine in Port Glasgow continue to plague her, with recent revelations showing the body charged with procuring ferries raising concerns about the contract before it was signed. The newly-nationalised ScotRail is also a cause for concern for the Scottish Government, with the operator slashing more than 700 services as a result of a pay dispute causing a shortage of drivers.  Mr Ross added: “Then there’s the scandalous incompetence over the ferries fiasco and the service cuts introduced by nationalised ScotRail which threaten to paralyse the nation. “And all this mismanagement and failure has played out against a backdrop of a nation divided due to Nicola Sturgeon continually picking at its constitutional scab. Instead of healing Scotland after the 2014 referendum her constant push for another vote has split the public, distracted her government and left business in limbo. “For these reasons, history will look back on her legacy as extremely damaging for Scotland.” Ms Sturgeon became Scotland's first female first minister when she took on the job in November 2014, replacing Mr Salmond - who quit as first minister in the wake of Scots voting to stay part of the UK in the 2014 independence referendum. At the time of that vote Ms Sturgeon and Mr Salmond worked closely together at the heart of the first-ever SNP administration at Holyrood. Since then her relationship with the man she succeeded has turned sour amid the Scottish Government's botched handling of harassment complaints against Mr Salmond.