Manchester United star Harry Maguire has finally broken his silence on Erik ten Hag. The England international is poised to play under the Dutchman next term after the 52-year-old touched down from Ajax. And it seems he's looking forward to a new era at Old Trafford. Manchester United confirmed last month that Ten Hag would be their new manager, with the 52-year-old set to take over from Ralf Rangnick after today’s Premier League clash with Crystal Palace. And Maguire, speaking before the game, has now broken his silence on the appointment. The England international has been injured since it was confirmed Ten Hag would take over - but starts today’s crunch Premier League match with Crystal Palace. And Maguire said: "The lads have not seen or spoken to him yet. “I am sure he has an eye on our game and fixture today.” And Maguire also insisted United players were excited, adding: “We are all looking forward to working with him." Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Ten Hag is likely to be attendance when United face Palace today. The Red Devils have gone strong for the showdown at Selhurst Park knowing that, if they win, they’d have qualified for the Europa League. David De Gea starts in goal, in front of a back four consisting of Diogo Dalot, Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Alex Telles. In midfield, Rangnick has selected a quartet of Fred, Hannibal Mejbri, Bruno Fernandes and Scott McTominay. And, up top, United have deployed Anthony Elanga and Edinson Cavani together. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Rangnick knows United need to win today. And he insisted earlier in the weekend that the club’s rebuilding job under Ten Hag doesn’t necessarily have to take a long time. “Yes, I strongly believe that and I know that from my own experience,” he said when asked if United can bounce back quickly. “I developed teams from level four to Champions League and level three to Champions League. “This is obviously different here because United are already in the Premier League and we are a club with high expectations with a big tradition of being successful. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “But you can only find what you need if you know what you are looking for and you need to know that in advance" says Rangnick. “This also depends on how Erik wants to play? If you saw Ajax or his U-23 team at Bayern Munich play then it's pretty obvious how that will be. "And for me it's also clear what kind of players he needs to help him to be successful. “There will be changes, players will be leaving because their contracts have expired so there will be space for new players. “We also spoke about the last transfer window in January where we and the board decided not to sign any players but this is different now. “In this summer window there will be some new players and Erik will also have some influence on which kind of player he wants. “That will happen in this window and hopefully the next two windows and I think it's obvious to everybody for the owners, the board and every supporter we need to increase and raise the level of quality within the squad. “And as I said if you know what you are looking for and how you want to play then it's a lot easier.” United beat Palace 1-0 when they met earlier in the season. Fred struck the winner that day to give Rangnick a winning start at Old Trafford, having just replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at the time.