Ferrari have been warned by Damon Hill that they could face a "PR problem" as Charles Leclerc hit out at his team at the Monaco Grand Prix. The Monegasque star launched into an X-rated rant on his team radio after a pit decision saw the pole leader give up his position to Sergio Perez, who went on to win the race. Leclerc dropped from first place to fourth after pitting, and stayed in that position until the chequered flag. The Ferrari driver could not hide his disappointment after the race. He fumed: “There’s been too many mistakes today overall. Obviously in those conditions you rely a little bit on what the team can see because you don't see what the others are doing with intermediates, with dry tyres. "I've been asked questions whether I wanted to go from the extreme wets to the slicks and I said yes but not now. It will be a bit later on in the race. But I don't understand what made us change our mind and go on these intermediates, we got undercut and I stopped behind Carlos. “There has been a lot of mistakes and we cannot afford to do that. It’s hard as it’s been the other years here so I'm getting used to getting back home disappointed.” Hill, a Formula One world championship winner in 1996, understood why Leclerc was disappointed but insisted that there may be a problem if Leclerc continues to blame his team. He told Sky Sports News: “I think that given he was on pole position and he is from Monaco and he has had so much bad luck at Monaco, and he was well on course for dominating this race from where he was, yes I think he can be excused for getting a bit upset. “I think Ferrari understands but you can only criticise your team so many times before there becomes a problem, a PR problem let’s say for the team because Ferrari are not the people who are going to give way here. “If you have got a driver versus Ferrari then Ferrari are always going to win. So diplomatically you have to watch it a bit.” Leclerc pitted for intermediates as the track dried while team-mate Carlos Sainz stayed out for dry tyres. This saw the Monegasque drop behind his team-mate after the first set of pit stops. However, they both lost ground to the Red Bulls who pitted for dry tyres a lap later and benefited when Ferrari struggled to warm up their new rubber. Leclerc added: “We cannot do that, especially in the moment we are in now, we are extremely strong, our pace is strong, we need to take those opportunities. We cannot lose so many points like this, it's not even from first to second, it's from first to fourth because after the first mistakes, we have done another one.”