Manchester United are growing increasingly confident they can sign Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, it has been claimed. Erik ten Hag is keen to bring his former Ajax midfielder to Old Trafford this summer. And it appears a move to the Premier League is now gathering momentum. Manchester United have been linked with De Jong for a few weeks, now, ever since it was confirmed Ten Hag would be their new manager. And, now, journalist Sam Pilger has claimed the Red Devils are growing ‘increasingly confident’ they can bring the 25-year-old in. United will need a midfielder this summer to replace Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba, who are expected to join Roma and Juventus respectively. And De Jong appears to be their priority target as they plan for a better and brighter future. The Netherlands international could be sold by Barcelona, with the La Liga giants hoping to balance their finances. They also need the money from any potential sale as they aim to recruit Robert Lewandowski, with the Bayern Munich striker their top target. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings While United are growing increasingly confident, however, they still need to convince the player himself. In order to do that, the Red Devils are hopeful his personal relationship with Ten Hag will prove key. The duo had an excellent relationship at Ajax, helping them reach the semi-finals of the Champions League back in 2019. And United are pressing ahead with plans to sign De Jong as they look to hit the ground running next term. They’re not the only club being linked, however. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Bayern Munich are admirers of De Jong as though and, despite their imminent deal for Ryan Gravenberch, could make a move. And Paris Saint-Germain can’t be ruled out, either, with the Ligue 1 side previously missing out on De Jong three years ago. If De Jong does move to United, he’ll become their sixth signing from La Liga since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Under Louis van Gaal, the Red Devils brought in Ander Herrera, Angel Di Maria and Victor Valdes. In 2016, Jose Mourinho signed Eric Bailly from Villarreal to kickstart his own time at Old Trafford. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And, since then, United have also proceeded to raid Real Madrid for Raphael Varane - with the World Cup winner joining last year. Speaking last week, meanwhile, Barcelona boss Xavi was asked about De Jong. And he said: "For me, Frenkie is a great player, he’s a beast – I like him and I think he can be part of an important era of the club. “We will see the economic situation of the club… but I like De Jong.” John Barnes, meanwhile, said earlier in the season that De Jong would be a good replacement for Pogba. “Frenkie de Jong would be a brilliant signing for Manchester United,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It looks like Paul Pogba is on his way out of the club so bringing in a replacement for him is very important. “Especially if that person is a young and talented player who will get the opportunity to be one of the main players at the club. “He has everything in terms of passing range, intensity and a great attitude. It’s exactly what Manchester United need in midfield. “That was their plan with Donny van de Beek, but of course he’s been stifled by other players in his position playing better than him. “However, bringing De Jong in and putting him straight into the side and being trusted would be good for both Manchester United and him.” Pick up tomorrow's Daily Express and get a FREE £2 Shop Bet with William Hill which can be used on the Champions League Final! 18+. Terms apply. See tomorrow's paper for your voucher.