Jamie Carragher has branded Manchester United as a 'small club' for re-signing Cristiano Ronaldo, suggesting Liverpool wouldn't do the same with club icon Luis Suarez. However, the ex-Reds defender has admitted he has changed his mind about whether United should keep Ronaldo as his goal-scoring exploits continue. Ronaldo netted his 24th goal of the season in Monday's 3-0 win against Brentford at Old Trafford, equalling his second-best Premier League tally at the age of 37 (18 goals). No other United player has reached double digits, and only Mohamed Salah and Son Heung-min have netted more times in the top-flight this season. Alas, Carragher has claimed the Red Devils' decision to bring the club legend back to M16 in the twilight of his career made them come across as 'small'. And he stressed that they should be trying to sign the stars of today and tomorrow, like Manchester City-bound striker Erling Haaland. He told Sky Sports on the Monday Night Football: "What would you do if you were ten Hag when you've got the biggest name in the world? Would Liverpool bring back Luis Suarez? I don't think they would. They should be bringing Haaland. Man City are bringing him in. It made me think of Man United as a small club." JUST IN: Five Man Utd legends who missed out on Roy Keane's all-time XI Despite his views, Carragher has labelled Ronaldo 'unbelievable' and believes the club should now keep the former Real Madrid and Juventus ace beyond this summer. "My thing with Ronaldo is, what he's doing, is unbelievable," Carragher explained. "My problem has always been with Man United for buying Ronaldo. I don't think they should be buying someone whose 37. I've always been of the opinion that they should try and move him on, but right now, I might change that. If you've got Ronaldo, you've got someone upfront with 20 goals." READ MORE: Ronaldo drops Man Utd transfer hint with three-word message to cameras And whilst Carragher has stressed United's need for attacking reinforcements, he has pondered whether they would be signed as starters or back-up while Ronaldo is still at the club. He has suggested Erik ten Hag could wait until 2023 to bolster his striker options and use the summer transfer window to address other areas. He added: "Going forward with what the manager would want from his team, who do you bring in? Man United need strikers. When Ronaldo doesn't play or gets brought off, it's a massive story. If you're bringing strikers in, are they to play or back up Ronaldo? It might be a case that he's got another year; sort the other positions out." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.