Eliza Butterworth is known for her role in the Netflix hit The Last Kingdom and has been involved since the show's launch in 2015. The star became a fan-favourite after Aelswith underwent one of the biggest personality changes in the TV series. Fans are keen to find out more about the Aelswith actress, including where she is from. Eliza Butterworth is a 28-year-old actress who discovered acting through a school play when she was younger. She studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, whilst performing lead roles in The Daughter in Law and The Witch of Edmonton. One of her first TV roles was in DCI Banks and in the same year, she made her debut as Aelswith in The Last Kingdom. According to her film credits, she is expected to reprise the role in the show's follow-up film, Seven Kings Must Die. READ MORE: Piers Morgan digs at Meghan Markle after Netflix cancellation She was born and raised in Lincoln in the UK, to an English father and an Italian American mother. Her parents met in Nebraska and Eliza has dual citizenship. Her mother was training to be a nurse and her father was stationed at Offutt Air Force Base as part of the Royal Air Force. The star opened up to Schon Magazine about her childhood and her multicultural background. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon height: How tall is Uhtred star from Last Kingdom? She said: "Growing up, my summers were always spent in the Midwest of America visiting my family and the Italian influence was evident in the gorgeous food and larger than life personalities. "I have always loved Italy and find the culture and people so beautiful! "Iowa, where my amazing mother is from in the States, is home to colourful cornfields, red barns and the best slice of apple pie. "My wonderful father is from Lancashire, the lovely warm Northern accents and expressions from my father’s side of the family always make me smile!" She said it was fun growing up in a household with both accents. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom’s Aldhelm star on ‘sensitive’ Alexander Dreymon [INTERVIEW] The Last Kingdom exit: Why did Thea Sofie Loch Naess leave as Skade? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth pays tribute to co-stars [INSIGHT] The star regularly returns to her home town in Lincoln to see friends. She is currently living in Tenerife and is keeping fans up to date with her latest ventures on Instagram. In April she said: "I’ve been living in Tenerife since early February and have been having such a blast filming A Town Called Malice for Sky! "I will be here until the end of June and this is me living my best life as a tourist!" In the upcoming Sky series, an explosive family saga, she will play Carly Lord. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom: Why Aelswith was the 'forgotten' lady of Wessex The actress was sad to say goodbye to her co-stars after filming the final season of The Last Kingdom. She has since called for an espionage spin-off in a humorous post on Instagram. The star was responding to a scene where Aelswith unveiled the evil Lord Aethelhelm's (Adrian Schiller) plan. She joked: "This was literally one of my favourite scenes to film of all time!!! “We now need an espionage spin-off for Aelswith, Eadith and Aelfwynn and let’s call it SAXON SPIES.”  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.