Last October the Queen spent a night in hospital and spent the next few months resting on doctor's orders. The Queen has since cut back her public duties significantly, often now completing her engagements on a smaller scale at Windsor Castle or via virtual means. Buckingham Palace has now confirmed the Queen will not be making an appearance this year during the summer garden party season, which sees members of communities and people who have served the country invited to the monarch's home. After her stay in hospital in October 2021, the Queen cancelled several events while she was recuperating - including her planned appearance at the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow. The Queen had intended to attend the Remembrance Sunday service at the Cenotaph in Whitehall, as she does every year, but the monarch pulled out of the event due to a back sprain. Throughout 2022 so far, it is understood the Queen's mobility issues have prompted her to pull out of more public events in recent months. READ MORE: Meghan's reason to travel to Invictus Games questioned by expert  Often decisions are made nearer to or on the day as to whether the Queen will be attending events. The Queen tested positive for COVID-19 in February, and she subsequently cancelled planned virtual engagements while she experienced "mild cold-like" symptoms, a Palace statement said. The Queen was later well enough to welcome Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to Windsor Castle for an audience in March. But a few days later, the Queen cancelled her appearance at the Commonwealth Day Service at Westminster Abbey and other royals represented her instead.  Royal fans were delighted, however, to see the Queen appear in person for Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey in late March. The Queen did not arrive with other Royal Family members to allow her a more comfortable route to her seat in the Abbey. The Queen travelled to the Abbey with her son Prince Andrew, who was pictured guiding the monarch to her seat. The Queen later missed the annual Royal Maundy Service for what was believed to have been only the fifth time during her seven-decade reign. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry enjoys 'change in diet' in USA with upcoming polo match [INSIGHT]'Nobody would be upset if he missed it' Lorraine slams Prince Harry [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan poised to SNUB Queen's Jubilee [LIVE]  Buckingham Palace has now confirmed that "other members of the Royal Family" will fill in for the Queen at the 2022 garden parties. Exactly who will be entrusted has not been confirmed, with the Palace adding that "details on attendance [are] to be confirmed in due course." Increasingly in recent months, other senior members of the Royal Family have been entrusted to fill in for the Queen at high-profile events, with Prince Charles leading the royal contingent at the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow and the Cenotaph service for Remembrance Sunday last autumn. Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall also took the Queen's place for the first time at the annual Royal Maundy church service last month.  The Queen is expected to appear at some key Platinum Jubilee celebrations over the four-day June bank holiday, but she may not appear at all of them with other members of the Royal Family. After the Queen revealed last month that Covid left her "very tired and exhausted", royal biographer Angela Levin told the MailOnline: "It's going to be very difficult and I think they will only show her in a few instances, maybe at the service at St Paul's. That will be very important to her because she is a Christian. "I don’t think we'll see her around and about. Maybe she'll be well enough to sit and watch horses. It won't be her, everywhere. "But if she is there, she will appreciate the fact the public will be wanting to be there and supporting her." 