The Chancellor is set to increase the £200 energy rebate revealed in February and will scrap the previous requirement for the money to be paid back the Government in the years to come. He will also announce extra support for the poorest in society and new help for pensioners. The Chancellor will unveil his plans in the House of Commons this morning at approximately 11.15am. Ministers have been under pressure from backbench MPs and the Opposition to take urgent action to help households grappling with the current cost of living crisis. Average annual energy prices rose to £1,971 a year in April and are set to rise by a further £800 by October. Wholesale gas prices have increased across the world, partially due to sanctions on Russia, pushing up how much working people must pay. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares ways Britons can reduce energy bills Mr Sunak has for months said he will step in to provide extra support if necessary but was forced into action when the energy regulator, Ofgem, predicted the £2,800 yearly costs earlier this week. "The price changes we have seen in the gas market are genuinely a once-in-a-generation event not seen since the oil crisis of the 1970s," Ofgem boss Jonathan Brearley said appearing before a committee of MPs on Tuesday. "We are expecting a price cap in the region of £2,800." The plans are expected to be funded by a windfall tax on the profits of oil and gas companies. Energy firms have seen a sharp rise in annual profits in recent months despite the heavily increased costs being paid by consumers. Yesterday SSE announced a 23 percent rise in profit, while BP confirmed profits had doubled earlier in the month. For weeks, ministers have rejected demands from Labour to introduce a windfall tax on the profits arguing that many firms were planning to re-invest the money into the company. DON'T MISS:Risk of recession increases as businesses feel the pinch [WARNING]You could get £500 in energy bill support - how to claim [INSIGHT]What is a windfall tax? Government urged to impose one-off levy [EXPLAINED] Backbench Tories, already frustrated at taxes being at a 70 year high, have also urged the Government not to hit businesses with another cost. In a bid to find a happy medium, it is thought Mr Sunak is planning to link the tax to investment. Those firms that invest more will be expected to contribute less in tax. Confirming an announcement was coming, Cabinet Office minister Steve Barclay said this morning that the Government had been looking at ways to increase support to households without deterring investment. He told Sky News: "In terms of paying for that, as we look at the balance between how much is done through debt, and how much is done through revenue-raising, we need to do that in a way that doesn't deter investment." Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been holding regular crunch meetings with Mr Suank and other key ministers in recent weeks to try and thrash out a new energy plan. It is thought the measures being announced today were finalised on Tuesday evening. The decision to immediately intervene came after just hours after Ofgem's warning.