Prince Charles, on behalf of Her Majesty, announced the introduction of the new Energy Bill that aims to end Britain's reliance on Russian imports while also tackling the energy crisis. It will fulfil the promises set out by the Government’s Energy Security Strategy to boost homegrown power generation, and create cheaper, cleaner energy “in the UK, for the UK".  The proposal reads: “This will ensure we are not dependent on a foreign country to keep our homes warm and lit. “This is not only a matter of tackling climate change, it is a matter of national security.” Addressing MP’s in the House of Lords, the Prince of Wales introduced the Government’s new plans saying: “Her Majesty’s government’s priority is to grow and strengthen the economy, and help ease the cost of living for families. “Her Majesty’s Ministers will bring forward an energy bill that delivers the transition to cheaper, cleaner, and more secure energy. “This will build on the success of the COP26 summit in Glasgow last year.” In a statement, the Government noted that the key goals of this Energy Bill were protecting consumers from unfair pricing and “attracting billions in private investment”. They added: “The energy price cap is the best safety net for millions, preventing suppliers from overcharging consumers. “The Bill will enable the extension of the price cap beyond 2023, and it will regulate the heat networks sector. READ MORE: Queen's Speech: UK to become major EU energy exporter with new bills The Bill also promises to support “tens of thousands of new, skilled jobs across the UK.” The Government has stressed the development of Carbon Capture Usage and Storage and low carbon hydrogen as a key goal “which will fire the starting gun on new, low-carbon technologies". The Bill also promises to support the industry to help bring down the costs of electric heat pumps over time. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has previously supported British households with a £5,000 grant to halve the cost of an electric heat pump to incentivise homeowners to replace their gas boilers. The Bill also promises to support “tens of thousands of new, skilled jobs across the UK.” The Government has stressed the development of Carbon Capture Usage and Storage and low carbon hydrogen as a key goal “which will fire the starting gun on new, low-carbon technologies". Key elements of the Bill also include appointing Ofgem as the new regulator for heat networks, “ensuring consumers get a fair price and a reliable supply of heat.” The UK will also enable the “first-ever large-scale hydrogen heating trial, allowing us to inform the role of hydrogen in heat decarbonisation in 2026.” The proposed legislation will work together with the Government's push to decarbonise the energy sector, with electricity generation from renewable sources having more than quadrupled since 2010. Ahead of the speech, Energy Minister Greg Hands told Express.co.uk: “Our landmark British Energy Security Strategy backs every viable technology to ensure we generate low or lower emission power here in the UK to boost our energy security. “Our plans bolster support for North Sea oil and gas, build on our world-leading renewables sector and exploit the benefits we can get from nuclear power. “Taken together, this will put us in a prime position not only to increase our home-grown supply but to export energy to Europe and beyond as well.”