The spokesperson for Insulate Britain stormed off the show last year when it was found out he had not insulated his own home. In hopes of an update, ITV Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid said: "Have you asked your landlord to insulate your home?" Mr Norton replied: "It's whether I asked my landlord to do it or not, what we're talking about here is a mass insulation plan. "I can't afford to insulate my home." Susanna interjected: "But your landlord could." After admitting that he has not asked, she added: "You'll sit in front of a car but not ask your landlord." READ MORE: Insulate Britain scuppered: New law to crack down on eco mob It comes as a woman has been banned from driving after using her Range Rover to try to move Insulate Britain protesters who were blocking the road while she was on the school run. Sherrilyn Speid, from Grays, Essex, pleaded guilty at a previous hearing to dangerous driving over the incident last October. The 35-year-old, who appeared for sentencing at Basildon Magistrates' Court on Friday, was disqualified from driving for a year, handed a community order and ordered to pay a total of £240. The court heard that she had been at the wheel of her black Range Rover Sport when she came across an Insulate Britain protest in Grays at about 8.30am on Wednesday October 13. Prosecutor Ashley Petchey said three demonstrators were sitting across the road and queues of traffic had built up behind them. Speid got out of her vehicle and "remonstrated" with the protesters, the court heard. The scene was caught on camera by a passer-by and the footage quickly went viral online. Heavily bleeped clips, which were shown in court, captured Speid getting out of her car before swearing and shouting at protesters. DON'T MISS Climate activists cause chaos as group target 'gas guzzlers' [INSIGHT]BBC under fire for 'misleading' climate change claim [ANALYSIS]Energy crisis threatens to drag on for a DECADE [VIDEO] She can be heard saying: "I don't care what the issue is. "My son is 11, he needs to get to school today so move out the way and let me get my son to school." In a separate clip, the car could be seen jerking forward into the backs of protesters sitting on the road. Mr Petchey said Speid, who cried in the dock throughout the hearing, was "clearly very angry and agitated by the situation". He added that she was not using "excessive speed" and "was using the brakes quite harshly".