Slugs’ trails usually appear overnight in properites and by the morning they can have ventured across all your floors, carpets, sofas and even your antique or brand new cabinets. Sometimes, they’re still there by the morning, and there’s nothing worse than stepping on one in bare feet. There’s no need to worry as fans of cleaning guru Mrs Hinch have shared top tips on how to remove the pests using the “cheapest way” on dedicated cleaning pages. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to deter and get rid of slugs in her home. Sue Thompson wrote: “We have a problem with slugs appearing in the kitchen overnight. “I’ve noticed trails on the floor in the morning and found the occasional one in a bottom cupboard so have to wash pans prior to using them. “Any advice on deterrent please, seeking out where they're coming from.” READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants Slugs have no bones or a hard shell like many other insects, which means they can squeeze through extremely tiny cracks to get inside. They have a very good sense of smell and are often attracted to kitchens or pantries, and if you leave pet food out on the deck or at the back door, slugs will generally come running. Sue’s post was inundated with comments from fellow Mrs Hinch fans on their best advice. Of all the comments, the most popular solution was to use salt to get rid of them. DON'T MISS: Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly [EXPERT]Plants to avoid when adding a ‘burst of colour’ to gardens [TIPS]Gardening tips: ‘Excellent’ 14p solution to ‘burn’ stubborn weeds [COMMENT] Susan Wesley advised: “Put salt at the base of the walls of your house, it’s the cheapest way to get rid of them once and for all.” Tyrone Gido suggested: “Scatter salt at night, it’ll definitely kill them.” Marie Jenkins said: “Chances are, they're coming from your kitchen sink! “They crawl up the pipe from outside and out through the plughole. “Put some salt down the plughole to keep them out and put the stopper in.” Sandra Slack commented: “Salt, put it down every night, that will get rid of them besides your doors and air bricks. “Plus, to stop them coming into your garden, put salt down there as well.” Suzanne Whalley added: “If you have floor boards they hide under them where it's damp. “I’ve sprayed my kitchen doors with salt water. I have done it every year since finding them climbing up the door one night two years ago.” Salt can act as a very good barrier to deter slugs from entering the home. The kitchen staple essentially draws the water out of their skin, causing them to die within minutes of dehydration. Table salt can be purchased from Tesco or Sainsbury’s for as little as 27p.