Turtle statues may not be the most common home decor item, but according to feng shui, these shelled creatures could bring an abundance of luck to your home if placed correctly. According to experts from The Spruce: "The tortoise or turtle is one of the most revered and sacred symbols in feng shui. The tortoise represents wisdom, endurance, and long life." However, according to ancient belief, certain characteristics of the turtle, including where it is placed, can increase its ability to attract luck into the home. According to The Spruce: "In feng shui, the black tortoise of the north is one of the four celestial animals, along with the white tiger to the east, the red phoenix in the south, and green dragon to the west. "The four celestial animals, also known as the four emblems, are one of the foundational principles of feng shui. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to clean washing machine seals - ‘amazing!’ "They represent mythical and real animals that offer wisdom on how you could situate your home to be in harmony with the environment around it." Knowing what type of luck energy you want to generate or enhance can help you choose the right statue and location for your home. The black tortoise or turtle is ideally placed at the back to offer support and stability. Tortoises and turtles are also revered for their long lives, with their tough shells representing protection. DON'T MISSCleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [COMMENT]How to strip towels with baking soda - best method for soft towels [EXPLAINER]Lyme Regis: The £2m property, the doer-upper & the average home [INSIGHT] If you’re looking for some protection in your home, you should place a turtle near the area you are hoping to focus on. Given their place among the celestial animals, they are particularly suited in the rear of the home. In feng shui, jade is considered to be a highly valuable greenstone, and statues carved from this are believed to have added powers. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The Spruce said: "A tortoise carved in jade is not only a beautiful addition to your home, but it also has the special power of vitality, health, and protection imparted from the jade. A green jade tortoise in your home or worn on the body will strengthen your qi (life force energy)." Turtle or tortoise statues can also be used to encourage wealth. Often, you may find statues sitting atop a bed of coins. This combines the wise nature of the turtle or tortoise with the good fortune of Chinese coins.