Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta may understandably be cautious with his team selection as his side travel across north London to face Tottenham tonight. Victory would secure Champions League football for next season but defeat would bring Spurs right back into the equation. Express Sport picks the starting XI Arteta could go with to thwart Antonio Conte's side and secure a top-four spot. Arsenal have failed to keep a clean sheet in their last seven matches and have just one in their previous nine. That shutout came on the one occasion Bernd Leno stepped in for the injured Aaron Ramsdale against Aston Villa in March. Ramsdale has not been at his best in recent weeks, though has still pulled off the odd spectacular save. Arsenal need him on form to keep out the likes of Harry Kane and Son Heung-min. READ MORE: Man Utd can sign their very own Erling Haaland from exquisite four-man shortlist  Ben White has missed the last two matches due to a hamstring injury. However, he could be thrust straight back into the team if he passes the required fitness tests. Arteta used White at right-back in the 4-2 win at Chelsea last month and could do the same again here. Rob Holding has impressed in the middle of defence in the last couple of weeks. He could partner Gabriel with Takehiro Tomiyasu again filling in at left-back. Nuno Tavares' omission from the team against Leeds on Sunday is an indication Mikel Arteta won't trust him for this match. DON'T MISSMan Utd’s improved XI if John Murtough signs four free agents for Erik ten Hag [COMMENT]Four free agents Man Utd could sign after board tell Erik ten Hag to 'search for bargains' [TRANSFERS]Liverpool matching Man City's signing of Erling Haaland would demolish Europe's hierarchy [OPINION]  Mohamed Elneny and Granit Xhaka have been two of Arsenal's unsung heroes in recent weeks. Elneny has been brought in from the cold to start the last four Premier League matches. The Gunners have won all four of those games and he has been an ever-present in the midfield. Elneny is now in talks over a new contract, with his current deal set to expire in the summer. Martin Odegaard has failed to produce in terms of goals and assists in recent weeks. But his leadership skills are vital to this side.  Bukayo Saka and Eddie Nketiah are two almost definite starters here. Saka has again been one of the club's players of the season. Nketiah has scored four goals in his five league starts in a row to prove to Arteta why he is worthy of more game time. The big decision for Arteta is to pick either Gabriel Martinelli or Emile Smith Rowe on the left. Martinelli was nearing back to his best against Leeds but was still wasteful in front of goal. It could be a flip of the coin as to which player gets the nod. Arsenal expected XI vs Tottenham in full: Ramsdale; White, Holding, Gabriel, Tomiyasu; Eleny, Xhaka, Odegaard; Saka, Nketiah, Martinelli. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 