Local Conservative leaders have called for Boris Johnson’s head after the party was humiliated in the local elections. Labour seized control of three symbolic councils from the Tories in London, including Wandsworth, which the party took control of for the first time since 1978. Outside the capital, the Conservatives also lost Southampton to Labour and failed to gain seats in “red wall” areas in the North and Midlands. “So, in that sense, there’s very little he can do. “He has to hope that Graham Brady doesn’t get as many letters as are needed to start the contest and then hope that he wins that vote of confidence. “But there is very little he can do to control that process.” As the scale of Tory council losses becomes clearer, the chorus of voices calling for Mr Johnson to resign has grown louder. Among them is Dr Antony Mullen, the leader of the Conservatives in Sunderland – a city Labour managed to hold onto in the elections despite it being eyed as a Tory target beforehand. Calling for the Prime Minister to go, he told the BBC: “It’s been Partygate – it’s suppressed our turnout. “Quite clearly that’s the only thing that has changed nationally that has affected this. “The best chance of reviving the Conservative Party’s fortunes will be with a new leader. “If there is no improvement in the party’s reputation, then clearly something has to change.” Mr Mullen’s concerns were echoed by other local Tories, including John Mallinson, the former leader of Carlisle City Council. DON'T MISS: Priti Patel migration plan 'set for remarkable results' - new study lays bare huge impact [LATEST]Brexit Britain’s ‘historic role’ in battling Putin hailed as UK leads from the front [INSIGHT]Brexit POLL: Has EU exit helped in fight against Putin and to support Ukraine? [ANALYSIS] He told Sky News that the Prime Minister “must shoulder an awful lot of blame” for the party’s disappointing results. He claimed the electorate felt that “the Government is not in touch and, sadly I have to say, the PM cannot be relied upon to be telling the truth.” Despite the Tories’ poor performance, the losses of council seats are not as severe as some in the party had feared. The Conservatives are on course to lose between 200 and 300 seats – far less than the 800 that some polls had predicted before the elections. Although Labour has seized councils from the Conservatives, it has not performed well in all areas, like Hull, for example, which it lost to the Liberal Democrats. Dr Dickinson claimed that since the 2019 General Election – in which Mr Johnson led the Tories to a landslide win – Conservative voters have increasingly switched allegiance to Labour. He said: “As time has gone on, there has been more direct switching to Labour. “And there are some indications that the slide in the Conservative vote share is worse in the areas where Johnson did best in 2019 – or increased the share most in 2019.”