Golf icon Phil Mickelson suffered a big attack on his character following controversial remarks regarding Saudi Arabia’s human rights record as he made his feelings clear on the PGA Tour and the LIV Golf Invitational Series. The six-time major winner has taken a hit to his marketability following the comments, but his net worth remains eye-watering. Mickelson has not played since January and has been taking a break from golf in the wake of the controversial quotes, and the fallout from his comments also led to him missing the Masters for the first time in 28 years. The 51-year-old has also pulled out of the PGA Championship, where he was set to be the defending champion after becoming the oldest major winner in history last year when he won the PGA at Kiawah Island. Mickelson dismissed Saudi’s human rights record as he declared he wanted leverage from the PGA Tour. He labelled the Saudis ’scary mother*******’ and has since apologised for his comments, although he still filed a request to play in an LIV Golf Invitational Series event which conflicts with the PGA Tour. In the wake of the interview, Mickelson lost his longest and most valuable sponsor, KPMG, as well as the opportunity to win further prize money at the tournaments he missed. Heineken/Amstel Light were the next sponsor to follow before Workday also took action. Mickelson’s agent confirmed he has asked the PGA Tour for a conflicting event release to play in the first LIV Golf Invitational series to be held June 9-11 at Centurion Club outside London. READ MORE: Tiger Woods net worth: How much is he worth ahead of PGA Championship? Mickelson will hope the Saudi series will allow him to add to his net worth of £240 million. According to celebritynetworth.com, Mickelson has earned over £640m from prize money winnings and lucrative endorsements with the likes of KPMG, ExxonMobil, Callaway and Rolex throughout his career. Mickelson was heavily criticised for his comments, with several stars - including Jon Rahm, Dustin Johnson, Bryson DeChambeau among others - declaring their loyalty to the PGA Tour. However, heads will undoubtedly be turned by the sheer prize money on offer at the Saudi breakaway tour as golfers seek to increase their own net worth. DON'T MISSMcIlroy makes 'comfortable' Major prediction ahead of PGA ChampionshipPGA Championship: How much at stake for Woods, Scheffler and co?'We've all made mistakes' - Greg Norman brushes off Khashoggi killing Total prize money for the eight events - five of which are scheduled to be held in the United States - will be over £200million and the seven regular-season tournaments will have total purses of £20m, which would be the richest in professional golf, with £16m in individual prizes and £4m for the top three teams. The top three individuals after the seven regular-season events will also share a £24m bonus. The season-ending team match-play championship is scheduled for October 27-30 at Trump National Doral in Miami. It will provide another £40m in prize money.