Lewis Hamilton has claimed Red Bull ‘don’t play great music’ in the garage next door at race meetings. The seven-time champion revealed he can always hear the music in the Red Bull garage but decides to put on headphones instead to drown out the noise. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, he said: “There are some things I do to help calm myself before [the race]. Stay laser focussed, trade secrets. I always make sure I listen to music before that helps drown out the noise, the subconscious thoughts and noises surrounding sounds around you. “Or the garage next door is playing the worst music. Yeah, the Bulls don't play great music. So you put your headphones in to listen to what you want to listen to, what your vibe is. “Music wise it can be anything on the day, whatever you fancy. Sometimes when we start the day, Ange comes up and says ‘play this’. READ MORE: Toto Wolff shares Monaco fears over Lewis Hamilton and George Russell "It might be Prince or something old like Bob Marley or something new like Frank Ocean. It's never classical that's for sure and it’s never anything too hyped. You don’t really need to be hyped up, you need to be chilled and relaxed.” Hamilton has struggled to find performance this season as Mercedes continues to be plagued by porpoising issues. The seven-time champion lies sixth in the drivers’ standings over 60 points behind new leader Max Verstappen. George Russell has had a better start to the season with top-five finishes at every race this season and two podiums. The Mercedes rookie lies fourth in the standings and has helped elevate Mercedes to third in the constructors' table despite their poor start to the campaign. DON'T MISSBrundle offers Hamilton and Russell hope as Mercedes to 'unleash' W13 [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton has 'big open opportunity' for Mercedes joy in Monaco [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton's X-rated assessment of Mercedes 'bouncing' [ANALYSIS] There was hope Hamilton and Russell could start to make ground on the frontrunners in the title race after a strong Spanish Grand Prix. However, Hamilton warned the team’s porpoising issues had returned during FP1 this morning. He said: “It is so bouncy out here, mate. I am f****** losing my mind.” He even demanded his team fit extra protection inside the cockpit ahead of FP2 this afternoon. He added: “I need elbow pads in this cockpit because it is bouncing so much. It is crazy.”