Tottenham have pledged to help the police after three Burnley fans were arrested following discriminatory gestures at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on Sunday. Spurs went head-to-head with the Clarets in north London, with the hosts coming out on top to keep their hopes of a top-four Premier League finish well and truly alive. Tottenham initially reported that two fans had been arrested following the incident. “The Club can confirm two visiting supporters have been identified and arrested following discriminatory gestures at today’s match,” read a statement from Spurs. “We shall be supporting the police with their investigation.” But Burnley then revealed another fan had in fact been arrested and, they too, would be working with the authorities. “We can confirm there have been three arrests in the away end today following reports of discrimination,” read a Clarets statement. “This is now a police investigation and, collectively, we will work with Tottenham Hotspur, Met Police and Lancs Police on this matter.” Tottenham enjoyed the lion’s share of possession in the capital but were frustrated for large spells of the match as Burnley defended gallantly. Spurs did finally get their breakthrough in stoppage time at the end of the first half as Ashley Barnes was deemed to have handled the ball after Davidson Sanchez had kicked it into his arm from point-blank range. Harry Kane stepped up to dispatch the spot-kick as the Lilywhites finally got their noses in front. READ MORE: Arsenal's shortlist shrinks by one as star told he's 'going nowhere' Burnley keeper Nick Pope made two excellent saves to deny Son Heung-min after the interval but the Clarets were unable to find a way through at the other end of the pitch as Spurs ran out 1-0 winners. Spurs’ victory moves them above Arsenal and into fourth in the Premier League table. But Arsenal could leapfrog their rivals once again on Monday night if they beat Newcastle at St James’ Park. The race to secure a top-four finish is set to go down to the final match of the season next weekend.  Tottenham are set to end their season with a trip to Norwich, while Arsenal will face Everton at the Emirates Stadium in their final encounter. Meanwhile, Burnley dropped into the bottom three on Sunday afternoon as their loss was followed by a draw between Leeds and Brighton two hours later. The draw for Leeds means they are now one point ahead of the Clarets. But Burnley have a game in hand over the Yorkshire side and will secure their Premier League status if they pick up four points from their remaining two clashes against Aston Villa and Newcastle.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here