Bayern Munich could reportedly make a move for Everton star Richarlison if their attempts to sign Sadio Mane fail. The Bundesliga champions are expected to be searching for a new striker this summer, with long-term frontman Robert Lewandowski set to depart the club after eight years. According to Sport1, Lewandowski is 'clear' that he wants to leave Bayern this summer, despite his contract having another year to run. But Bayern chiefs are still 'looking for alternatives' in case he does indeed depart the Allianz Arena. Liverpool star Mane remains a 'candidate' to be the replacement for Lewandowski, with the Senegalese international proving his striker credentials this season. While 'concrete talks' are yet to take place, an 'exchange' has happened between Bayern transfer chief Hasan Salihamidžić and Mane's advisor Bjorn Bezemer. While Mane does only have a year remaining on his contract at the Reds, a departure from Anfield would appear to be unlikely. With a move for Mane uncertain, Bayern are also lining up potential alternatives to the Liverpool star. READ MORE: Chelsea 'monitor Robert Lewandowski situation' despite Barcelona links According to the report, one of those alternatives is Everton talisman Richarlison, who is described as the 'surprise candidate'. It is stated that Bayern 'made contact' with the Brazilian's representatives last week. Again, while nothing 'concrete' was discussed, Bayern were sounding out the Toffees star for his view about a potential transfer. With Everton having struggled badly this season, Bayern are considering 'courting' Richarlison, with the attacker one of the Toffees few bankable assets. DON'T MISS: Four stars Liverpool could sign to replace Sadio Mane (INSIGHT)Redknapp's verdict on Mane to Bayern Munich links with Diaz claim (TRANSFERS)Sadio Mane’s stance on swapping Liverpool for Bayern Munich (NEWS) Bayern may have received a welcome voice in return to those questions from Richarlison. According to GOAL, the 25-year-old is 'thinking about leaving' Everton following their dismal campaign that has left them battling relegation. He is said to be keen to play for a 'giant club' in Europe, with his representatives talking to clubs to gauge interest. While his contract runs for another two years, Richarlison could attempt to force through a move if he finds a 'giant' to join.