Holger Rune has compared Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer after storming to the third round of the French Open. While all eyes are on 19-year-old Carlos Alcaraz this tournament, the Dane is another teenager making waves after beating 14th seed Denis Shapovalov and Henri Laaksonen in his debut at the clay-court Major. And Rune has now shared his experiences of practising with the two legends, making a scheduling decision to achieve his Federer “dream”. Rune is into the third-round on his debut at the French Open without dropping a set. It comes off the back of his recent first top five win over Alexander Zverev at the world No 3’s home tournament in Munich. Now up to No 40 in the world after starting the year ranked down at No 103, the teenager has given his verdict on Djokovic and Federer as he shared his experiences with the two 20-time Major champions. “I think Novak also secures inspiration with the mental stuff, how he can stay so calm and brutal in these kind of moments. It’s just so inspiring to see these guys,” the French Open debutant told Tennis Majors. Comparing the two after having the chance to practice with both, he added: “It’s a lot more intense with Novak, let’s be clear to say that. Novak’s practice is always very tough. He’s very intense, and he’s hitting the ball strongly. So it’s very good challenge to practise with him. He pushes you a lot. He makes you run, how precise he hits the ball. “And Roger, I just had some warm up with him so not like normal practice. He shows it and he goes out there and he plays unbelievable.” While he thought Djokovic was the more intense practice partner, he had been in awe of the 40-year-old during their brief interactions. JUST IN: Cameron Norrie raises concerns about new tennis system   “I just think that how he plays, you never saw it, it’s unbelievable. It was unbelievable. He’s such a nice guy. Very chilled, down to earth. So it was really nice. His volleys, his game through the court is just so satisfying to see. “I would probably say the transition to the net is so nice and you don’t see that a lot these days because almost every player is just hitting full power from the baseline and not doing much (different). But you know, to see him play very in a way, unique game style, not like many others, but still so elegant and you know how he can take it so early, it’s just in a way brutal to see also.”  DON'T MISSMuchova breaks down in tears and retires at French Open after injuryFrench Open champion covers ears and gives salty handshake in lossWimbledon scrubs Miss and Mrs from honours boards in equality drive After gushing over Federer, the Dane also confessed he would be adapting his schedule this year to help himself achieve his “dream” of playing the Swiss star, who is 21 years his senior. The former world No 1 has been out of action since Wimbledon last year after undergoing a third knee surgery and will be back at the Laver Cup this September, with his official return to the ATP Tour coming a month later in his home tournament in Basel. “I know he’s coming back in Basel and I’m only going to sign for Basel,” the 19-year-old admitted, with his motive to get the chance to face his idol before Federer eventually retires. 