Alan Shearer has revealed he was blown away by the “sensational” Trent Alexander-Arnold during Liverpool’s FA Cup final victory over Chelsea on Saturday. Alexander-Arnold was in scintillating form as he kept his side’s hopes of landing a historic quadruple alive at Wembley. “Trent Alexander-Arnold, I thought was sensational today,” Shearer said after the match. “Both defensively and some of his passing was outrageous. And for him to then stick a penalty away as cooly as he did, I thought he was fantastic.” Alexander-Arnold played the whole match at Wembley as neither side could find a route to goal during 90 minutes of normal time and 30 minutes of extra time. The England right-back was called upon to clear a number of dangerous crosses which flashed across the Reds' goal and whipped in a string of delicious deliveries at the other end of the pitch. And the 23-year-old composed himself at the end of the match as he sent Edouard Mendy the wrong way with his spot-kick in the penalty shootout before fellow full-back Kostas Tsimikas scored the winner moments later. READ MORE: Arsenal's shortlist shrinks by one as star told he's 'going nowhere' Alexander-Arnold has become one of the best right-backs in the world under Jurgen Klopp and has built a reputation for his creativity in the final third of the pitch and his top-class passing and crossing abilities. Before this season had begun he had already won the Champions League, the Club World Cup and the Premier League. And he has now added the Carabao Cup and FA Cup to his trophy cabinet after helping his team see off Chelsea in the finals of both competitions this season.  After this year’s Premier League title race is decided in the coming week, the ace will be in line to start his third Champions League final when Liverpool go head-to-head with Real Madrid in the showpiece event for the second time in four years. The youngster started the European final in 2018 when the Reds were beaten 3-1 by Real in Kyiv. And Alexander-Arnold admitted earlier this month that he thrives in the big games. “I feel like this is always the best time of the season,” the ace said. “Every game is a final. These are the exciting games, you want to be playing in these, you want everything on the line, you want every game to feel like you have to win it. I feel the lads all feel the same way. It is exciting, the buzz you get from scoring a goal and knowing it is important.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here