Is SIMBA’s Hybrid Pro the best mattress you can buy today? In a nutshell, yes. This dreamy mattress sits in the coveted gold medal position in our best mattress ranking, and for good reason. The combination of Aerocoil pocket springs and heavenly "open cell" foam provides superb support, while a generous layer of wool and breathable sleep surface cover ensures that, like Goldilocks’ porridge preferences, we were never too warm nor too cold. Thankfully, the foam used by British brand SIMBA doesn’t have the unpleasant sinking feeling that you’ll find with some foam mattresses. Instead, the graphite-infused "SIMBAtex" foam strikes a pleasing balance between body-hugging comfort and support that should suit all sleeping positions. Unfortunately, unlike rival “Bed In A Box” brand Brook + Wilde, there’s no option to customise the firmness level of your hybrid or memory foam mattress. However, the one-size-fits-all approach to firmness taken by the Hybrid Pro worked for us. After a fortnight of sleeping on this premium hybrid mattress, we found that SIMBA had struck a brilliant balance that worked for us and, we imagine, will be perfectly suited for most sleepers. Of course, you’ll have plenty of time to judge whether the firmness is right for you, thanks to the ludicrous 365-night trial period available from SIMBA. That means you’ll be able to thoroughly test the Hybrid Pro in winter and summer – ensuring the temperature regulation technology packed inside works for you and your partner – before deciding whether to keep the mattress. If you decide to return the mattress, SIMBA will offer a full refund. That should negate any concerns you might have about buying a mattress online. SIMBA uses 100% recycled materials inside the Hybrid Pro, so your decision to upgrade to a new mattress will be kinder to the planet than some rival brands. The British brand also pledges to use “carbon neutral” couriers for its deliveries too, which is a nice touch. Our only nitpick with the Hybrid Pro is that SIMBA hasn’t included a removable, washable top cover. While SIMBA’s temperature regulation is excellent, it’s not enough to prevent the bright white sleeping surface from starting to look a little tired after a few years of use – so we’d recommend adding a mattress protector to your shopping basket too. A number of rival mattresses offer the ability to periodically wash the cover to keep everything fresher for longer, and the fact that it’s missing here is a shame. SIMBA Hybrid Pro isn’t the cheapest mattress on the market, starting from £1,149. However, it is possible to secure a hefty discount – dropping the price by hundreds – and making this one of the best mattress deals, thanks to the generous sales offered by SIMBA throughout the year. In summary, the SIMBA Hybrid Pro is a stellar mattress that offers supreme comfort and clever temperature regulation tech that works in both summer and winter. And thanks to the mind-boggling one-year trial period, you can thoroughly test out all of this yourself before upgrading your night’s sleep with the excellent SIMBA Hybrid Pro. Like all “Bed In A Box” brands, SIMBA vacuum packs all of its mattresses to save on space. Even knowing this ahead of time, we were surprised at just how small and compact the Hybrid Pro was when it arrived on our doorstep. Unlike a traditional spring-coiled mattress, which usually requires some Friends-style hijinx as you pivot a double – or heaven forfend, a king-size – mattress through your house and into the bedroom, relocating the SIMBA Hybrid Pro to any room is a complete cinch. But while the box is small enough to fit through any doorway, the vacuum-packed mattress isn’t light, so you’ll probably need a second person to help lift your new purchase into place. SIMBA keeps the Hybrid Pro wrapped in thick plastic for protection during shipping. However, it isn’t the easiest to tear through and, unlike some rival “Bed In A Box” brands, there’s no dedicated tool included to help. After some cautious slashing with scissors – the last thing you want to do is damage your new mattress, so proceed with caution, the Hybrid Pro begins to expand immediately. As such, you’ll want to flop the hybrid mattress down on a flat surface (ideally, the bedframe itself) as soon as possible. SIMBA has included four thick, fabric handles on either side of the mattress, which is extremely useful when moving it around. SIMBA recommends waiting up to 72 hours for your brand-new Hybrid Pro mattress to fully rise. In our experience, there’s no need to wait that long. Within a few hours, our Hybrid Pro had inflated to its full 28cm (11-in) depth. The SIMBA Hybrid Pro arrives with that familiar, and slightly unpleasant, “new mattress” smell. Thankfully, this acidic whiff only lasted around 3-4 days and then completely disappeared. This smell is something that plagues all memory foam and hybrid mattresses, but nonetheless, you might want to open a window when you begin the unboxing process. With a depth of 28cm, SIMBA Hybrid Pro is much chunkier than some memory foam and hybrid mattresses on the market. In fact, it’s a full eight centimetres (3-in) thicker than the SIMBA Essential mattress from the British brand. Thankfully, despite its heftier frame, the Hybrid Pro still plays nicely with fitted sheets, so you won’t need to buy new bedding for your new mattress. That thickness is due to the seven distinct layers that make up the Hybrid Pro, including a porous open-cell "SIMBAtex" foam to promote airflow through the mattress, the 5,000 pocket springs, the layer of hypoallergenic wool to regulate temperature, and the thick foam base divided into nine zones to offer varying levels of support to accommodate pressure points – this is especially important for side sleepers as this position forces your hips and shoulders deep into the surface of the mattress. According to SIMBA, the combination of these seven layers result in a firmness level of 6.5 out of 10. In our time with the Hybrid Pro, that seems about right. Those who are accustomed to sleeping on a coiled-spring mattress – especially one that’s been around for a decade or so – might be shocked at the amount of support from the Hybrid Pro. But trust us, after a few nights, the firmness from the 5,000 titanium Aerocoil springs will do wonders for your back. But it’s heat management where the SIMBA Hybrid Pro really excels. We’re still not exactly clear why an injection of graphite into the foam improves airflow, but we’re going to pencil this one up as a resounding success. Combined with the soft, breathable cover and you can wave goodbye to hot sweats, even if you’re sleeping with a radiator-like partner. As with all memory foam-like designs, the SIMBA Hybrid Pro improves with each night that you spend on it. Over the weeks and months, the warmth of your body begins to mould the foam to compliment your shape. After several months of testing the Hybrid Pro, our sleep has improved dramatically. SIMBA has struck an impressive balance between luxurious comfort and support. But the standout is the excellent temperature control, which will be transformational for anyone prone to overheating in the middle of the night. This second-generation Hybrid Pro mattress from SIMBA is available from a number of popular online retailers, including the British “Bed In A Box” brand itself and Amazon UK. While you’re unlikely to find the latest from SIMBA in a local showroom, the ludicrously-generous 365-night trial means you’ll have plenty of opportunities to test the mattress in all conditions and seasons before making your mind up. SIMBA comfortably beats the 200-night trial from rival Emma, and 100 nights available on mattresses from OTTY. Prices start from £1,149 for a single mattress, rising to £1,649 for a UK double. Right now, you can secure some of the best SIMBA mattress deals we’ve ever seen – with a 40% discount on all premium mattresses, including the Hybrid Pro. That could save you as much as £660 on your new mattress, and the British brand will even throw in a free mattress protector for a limited time. SIMBA offers a number of interest-free payment plans too, so you’ll be able to pay for your new mattress in instalments. And of course, you’ll be eligible for a full refund if you’re unhappy with the Hybrid Pro at any point during the first year. MORE LIKE THIS