 Under the new proposals, the Government will seek to drop European Union rules on newly-qualified drivers operating HGVs. If the bill is successful, teenagers who have recently passed their driving licence exam will be able to apply to operate lorries, large vans and minibuses.  The UK has dealt with a shortage of delivery drivers after Brexit, but some in Government hope that ditching the EU rules will help. It is estimated that Britain currently has a shortage of 100,000 lorry drivers, which has caused disruption to the delivery of food, fuel and other goods. Alistair Lindsay, Chief Operating Officer at Zeus Labs, commented on the impact of the potential law change, saying it needs a “careful approach”. Speaking to Express.co.uk: “Renewed efforts by the Government to address the worsening lorry and heavy-goods vehicle (HGV) driver shortage are commendable. READ MORE: Ten future classics set to soar in value  “The latest proposals that involve allowing newly qualified drivers to operate these vehicles needs a carefully considered approach. “There is no denying that urgent action is needed towards attracting and retaining the next generation of lorry and HGV drivers, even as the industry faces historic challenges from Brexit, the ongoing fuel crisis and a ‘silver exodus’ of retirees. “However, any efforts to entice new recruits needs to also focus on addressing the skills gap and backed by more accessible training programmes that allow would-be drivers to achieve critical sector-specific skills safely and in good time.” Therese Coffey, the Work and Pensions Secretary, is among those supporting the plan to allow newly-qualified drivers to take on driving roles. DON'T MISSTesla owners warned their cars can be unlocked and driven away [WARNING]Driver loses £7,000 car after buying it on Facebook [SHOCKING]Cyclists told to ignore dedicated cycle lanes and ride in the road [CONTROVERSIAL]  She also revealed that the Department for Transport was looking at making the change as part of the Brexit “freedoms bill”. The legislation, which is being drawn up by Jacob Rees-Mogg, the Minister for Brexit Opportunities, proposes to ditch up to £1billion of red tape. Mr Lindsay continued, saying that any decisions made would need to future-proof the industry. He added: “Furthermore, supporting smaller owner-operator fleets, which make up 70 percent of the registered HGV firms in Britain, directly ensures a more resilient, and stable, nationwide logistics network - which is essential in driving economic growth.  “Zeus Labs is a prime example of a new approach that directly supports small-mid haulage firms with its next-generation digital platform. “This directly benefits the smaller hauliers, who can manage fuel costs better and take more time to actually invest in training new drivers and growing their fleets. “With the road haulage industry at such an important crossroads, we hope that any new legislation takes heed of the bigger picture and has the industry’s long-term interests at heart.” It is understood that supermarket leaders have responded positively to the plans.  Edmund King, president of the AA, said reinstating the licence rights which were in place before 1997 would be the “easiest way” to address the shortage. However, he cautioned that it would not be as simple as getting newly qualified drivers to use a seven-tonne lorry immediately. He added: “Significant and meaningful training will still be required to ensure road safety standards don’t fall. “Small trucks are fitted with more safety equipment than ever before, making them simpler to drive compared to those from 25 years ago, but driving one is still a big responsibility and safety shouldn’t be compromised.”