Manchester United have reportedly consulted Erik ten Hag over the potential signing of Villarreal centre-back Pau Torres. The new Red Devils boss was supposedly talking up the possibility of recruiting Jurrien Timber from Ajax instead, but it appears as though the club have made up their mind as to who is their preferred option. United have held a longstanding interest in Torres, who was their back-up option in case a move for Raphael Varane fell through last summer. Young and terrific with the ball at his feet, he reportedly has a £51million release clause in his contract which could be triggered this summer. According to Manchester Evening News, United have already held initial talks over the possibility of bringing the Spaniard to Old Trafford. Now, the move looks to have taken another step in the right direction as 'internal discussions' have taken place with Ten Hag. There has been plenty of talk around Timber following his former boss to the Premier League, but unless United are prepared to splash a hefty proportion of their summer transfer budget on two centre-backs, the young Dutchman could be set to miss out. JUST IN: Everton 'foolish' if they don't bin Dele Alli before Tottenham bonuses kick in - EXCLUSIVE Torres would provide competition for Varane, Victor Lindelof and Harry Maguire in the centre of defence. The latter has endured a tough season, and questions persist over whether he is the right man to captain United going forward. Ten Hag's philosophy involves pressurising opponents with a high line, and with Maguire relatively slow by modern centre-back standards, it remains to be seen how prominently he will feature in the new boss' plans. DON'T MISS...Kalvin Phillips' stance on future may have blocked Man City transferMohamed Salah confirmed Liverpool decision but Sadio Mane gives cryptic answerArsenal dealt setbacks over trio who could be key to transfer plans Eric Bailly, Phil Jones and Axel Tuanzebe are all believed to be on the chopping block this summer as a vision for the squad revamp takes shape. The former only made a handful of Premier League appearances this season, Jones has been a peripheral figure at Old Trafford over the past few years and Tuanzebe's career is in need of a shot in the arm after two disappointing loan spells with Aston Villa and Napoli. Torres is a towering 6ft 3in tall, but may be considered slight in stature for the physical demands of the Premier League. However, he is coming into his prime at 25-years-old and has several seasons of elite-level club and international football under his belt. Last season he featured 47 times for Villarreal and once for Spain, scoring six times. A healthy chunk of Ten Hag's summer transfer budget, which is thought to be at least £100m, would be blown on Torres if Villarreal hold out for his release clause. Midfield is also expected to be an area of high priority for the Dutchman, and he is supposedly going to great lengths to convince Frenkie de Jong to ditch Barcelona and join him at Old Trafford. It remains to be seen whether the 25-year-old would be willing to turn his back on Champions League football in the process, or whether he will leave his former boss scouring the market for alternative options.