Pau Torres would reportedly favour a move to Manchester United over Tottenham after both clubs indicating they are willing to match Villarreal's £45million asking price. The Spanish international defender is set to become one of Europe's hottest properties in the coming weeks as several Premier League clubs weigh up the signing of a new centre-back. Torres has made his way onto the shortlists of both United and Tottenham, while Chelsea and Manchester City have also been watching him closely. However, Spanish media outlet Cadena Ser claim United and Tottenham have already offered £45m for the player this summer - leaving a decision potentially in the hands of the player himself. The report adds that the 25-year-old is leaning towards Old Trafford over a move to north London, which could hand United the crucial advantage they need to get a deal over the line. That said, it appears United are not yet entirely convinced they're going all out for Torres with Jurrien Timber also on their radar. READ MORE: Manchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next season Erik ten Hag and the United hierarchy are set to decide their next move in the coming days as they weigh up which centre-back they will pursue. Torres had the chance to join Spurs last summer but opted to stay with Villarreal after they qualified for the Champions League. It's a decision he did not live to regret as The Yellow Submarine reached the semi-finals of this year's competition - where they were eventually beaten by Liverpool. But come next season, Torres could get his chance of revenge by lining up for rivals United. READ MOREManchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next seasonPau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transferManchester United can kill two birds with one stone for Erik ten Hag with £45m transfer The Spaniard is a left-sided centre-back and his arrival would potentially place Harry Maguire's place in the side under threat. Ten Hag has already hinted that the England international could potentially be stripped of the captaincy for the 2022/23 season. Alternatively, Torres could be weigh up a move to Tottenham, who now have Champions League football wrapped up - unlike United. Furthermore, there are also huge stylistic differences with Spurs currently rolling out a back-three under Antonio Conte. Torres would be expected to play on the left side of the backline, which is a different role altogether from what could lie ahead at United. Tottenham owners ENIC confirmed a £150m capital increase on Tuesday in the biggest indication that Conte will be backed this summer. Fabio Paratici is set to bring in as many as six new signings for the Tottenham boss in order to keep him and Harry Kane at the club. This could prove to be one of the biggest summer transfer windows of all time, on the basis of the Premier League's spending power.