Premium Bonds have been a popular savings method for decades, with many hoping to win big. They are offered by the Government-backed savings provider NS&I, which guarantees 100 percent of the money people save into their Premium Bonds. While Premium Bonds do not have an interest rate, there is another attractive draw to the option. This is the chance to win anything from £25 to £1million with a monthly prize draw. With the May 2022 prize draw looming in only days time, many savers will want to be poised to check their Bond numbers. The next results will be available on May 4, and there are a number of ways Britons can check their numbers. READ MORE: Divorce rules have changed and you could 'save thousands’ NS&I states their prize checker is the quickest way for people to check if they have won. The online tool shows people this month’s prizes, as well as anything they have won in the previous six draws. Savers can also check for any older prizes they have not yet claimed. The prize checker is also available through the NS&I app if people prefer this option. DON'T MISSState pension update as top up rules relaxed - but for a limited time [INSIGHT]Pension update as HMRC pays out £22million in last three months [ANALYSIS]Britons face ‘triple whammy’ on income this pay day [UPDATE] It can be downloaded for free at the Apple App Store or Google Play for Android. A relatively new way to check for prizes comes in the form of Amazon Alexa - a popular household tool. NS&I explains: “You can now find out whether you’ve been lucky in the prize draw by asking Alexa. “Look out for the Premium Bonds prize checker Alexa skill at Amazon. “Once you’ve enabled the skill you can check for prizes, find out when the next results are available and if you have any unclaimed prizes.” If a person is lucky enough to win, they can also have their prizes paid out in numerous ways. Perhaps the most popular is having prizes sent straight to one’s bank account, described by the provider as the “easy and safe” option. Others will choose to receive a cheque through the post, but this will take longer. Finally, people can have their prize reinvested into purchasing more Bonds. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It could be a good way to boost a person’s chances of securing a win again. In April, the two Premium Bonds millionaires hailed from West Sussex, as well as Hereford and Worcester. The West Sussex millionaire had the winning Bond number 112WT615892, and a holding of £49,995. The winning Bond had a value of £2,000 and was purchased in July 2006. The second millionaire had the winning number of 117XT770430 and the maximum holding of £50,000. The lucky Bond was purchased in October 2006 and had a value of £5,000.