Steph's Packed Lunch has been a massive hit since it started in March of 2020. Gemma Atkinson, 37, has sent support to her colleague Steph McGovern, 39, after Channel 4 announced today that Steph's Packed Lunch has been recommissioned to run throughout 2022 and 2023. Gemma took to Instagram in view of her 1.7 million followers to share a screenshot of a Channel 4 press article. The headline of the article read: "Lunch has been supersized! BAFTA-nominated @PackedLunchC4 with @StephLunch has been recommissioned to run throughout 2022 and 2023." In response to the news, Gemma penned: "Proud to be a small part of his wonderful show! "Congratulations @packedlunchc4 @stephlunch." READ MORE: Britney Spears, 40, sparks frenzy as she goes completely NAKED This comes after Steph recently admitted that she tries not to worry about her show's viewing figures, instead focusing on what she can bring to the programme. Her show airs at 12.30pm during the week, and the talk show host often has her guests and viewers in stitches. Talking about her concerns, she said: "I don't really look at the viewing figures, that's the editor's job. "But daytime telly is tough. Channel 4 hadn't done a live weekday show since Mel and Sue's Light Lunch, which I watched as a teenager." Speaking to Radio Times, Steph continued: "It was a big risk, but I'm grateful Channel 4 gave us time to work on it. "Now we're up there with amazing shows." The show's recommission comes after it was nominated for a BAFTA and the show's best-ever ratings. It now averages a 3.4% share of viewers in 2022, up an astonishing 9% on the same period last year. Speaking about the nomination, Steph said: "Eeee, I can’t believe it. We started the show in my living room in a lockdown, and now we’re nominated for a BAFTA. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [INSTAGRAM] Sharon Osbourne, 69, breaks silence after frail bed-ridden photo [COMMENT] Johnny and Amber pictured on the night she claimed he broke her nose [INSIGHT] "I'm so proud of my brilliant team who have made this show a place where we can all have a laugh together, meet people with extraordinary stories and tackle real issues. "I also love that we’re broadcasting live every day from Leeds, which has meant we’ve been able to create opportunities in and around the area for lots of different people from all walks of life. "It’s great we’re going to be able to continue doing that. And I get to carry on doing a job I absolutely love. Win win!" The show features regular contributions from the likes of Gemma, John Whaite, Denise Van Outen and Gareth Thomas. Steph's Packed Lunch has also been nominated at the TRIC Awards and has been nominated at the RTS Programme Awards and Broadcast Awards. On Sunday at the BAFTAs Steph's show will go against the likes of The Chase, Richard Osman's House of Games and Moneybags. You can watch Steph's Packed Lunch weekdays from 12.30pm on Channel 4