Hundreds of BBC viewers took to Twitter on Tuesday evening to share their emotional reactions to the latest episode of DIY SOS. For the premiere of the long-awaited new series, Nick Knowles was in Kettering to help the McAuleys, whose construction project was tragically cut short by the death of Lindsey’s husband, Shaun. Lindsey and her four children’s devastating loss proved an emotional start to the latest series of DIY SOS. For the first episode of series 32, presenter Nick visited the McAuleys in Kettering following the death of Shaun from a rare form of cancer last year. His wife Lindsay was informed he would have over a year left to live when he began chemotherapy after falling ill in mid-September. Despite receiving an operation, the cancer accelerated aggressively and he died in November. READ MORE: Colin Murray to replace Anne Robinson on Countdown in temporary role The McAuleys' loss was augmented by the unfinished work on their Pine Road home extension, which left their house in an "unlivable" condition. Nick and the construction team took a week to renovate the house, and fans couldn’t help getting inspired by the story. John Marland tagged Nick and tweeted: “Cheers for doing DIY SOS again, balling my eyes out on a Tuesday night.” At the very start of the episode, Kerry Taylor wrote: “DIY SOS has only just started and I’m already in tears.” Nigel Durbridge agreed, saying: “I’ve often shed a tear watching #DIYSOS but never in the first five minutes. This one’s a tearjerker.” @Redtom1903 said: “Why do I do this to myself? @DIYSOS has made me an emotional wreck once again. This is a difficult watch tonight. “A beautiful family, mourning the loss of Shaun, a special bloke held in high regard. I hope this gives them great comfort, they deserve it.” And Sally Gillespie admitted: “Absolutely crying over a living room.” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul season 6: Bryan Cranston teases secretive return [SPOILERS]Blue Bloods boss’ real reason behind Frank and Crawford feud [INSIGHT]NCIS LA’s Chris O’Donnell felt ‘uncomfortable’ with co-star [INTERVIEW] Once the work had been complete, Davey P wrote: “What an amazing bunch of folks pulling together to put this home back together. "Nick is so in tune & brings out the story with compassion and caring. Brilliant program." (sic) Construction was aided by a number of Shaun’s colleagues from the Royal Engineers, who shared some touching memories from their service together. Midway through the project, Nick had a heart-to-heart with Lindsay about how the family has tried to cope with the loss of Shaun. She told the presenter: “It is a pain that you can’t explain to anyone. It’s just so difficult. “I think I’m still trying to stay strong for everyone else. I’m still trying to stay strong for the boys and keep everything as normal as possible. So I think I’ve still got a long way to go.” Not only did the team finish the extension, but the kitchen, living room, garden and bedrooms had all been given a huge upgrade. Lindsay herself was left in tears by her home’s transformation, and Nick will be back soon to oversee another life-changing home renovation after taking a short break from the series. DIY SOS The Big Build: Kettering is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.