   Katya Jones admitted she is “devastated” for her ex Strictly Come Dancing partner Adam Peaty, who received some sad medical news this week. The Olympic swimmer has been forced to pull out of the FINA World Championships next month due to injury.      Adam, 27, revealed today that he has been left on crutches after fracturing a bone in his foot. Katya, 32, took to Instagram this afternoon to share her best wishes to her former dance partner in view of her 206,000 followers. Resharing a post that Adam sent out earlier today, she wrote: “Devastated for you @adam_peaty!!” “But if anyone - this man will see silver lining in everything! READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady     “Positive mental attitude is what he’s best at! All you need now is put some crystals on your crotches! “I mean crutches!” she added, with a laughing emoji (sic). Earlier today, Adam shared the bad news with his 591,000 Instagram followers. The post showed him enjoying a relaxing holiday abroad with his foot in a medical boot.      Another photograph was of the X-ray showing the fracture in his foot. Next to the pictures, he wrote: “Earlier this week whilst training in the gym, I fractured a bone in my foot. “I have been advised to rest for 6 weeks which unfortunately takes me out of contention for the FINA World Championships in Budapest next month. “I’ve fortunately never had to deal with an injury in my swimming career so this is a real blow and a new challenge for me,” he continued. READ MORE... 'Thought she would bounce back' Lorraine on Deborah James [INSIGHT] Chris Evans' disbelief as three of his co-star's quit Virgin Radio UK [UPDATE] BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [NEWS]      “But I am surrounded by a superb team who will support and guide me through this period and get me to where I need to be. “I’m already in great hands and starting to recover but, honestly, I'm devastated,” Adam admitted. “I work extremely hard and have dedicated my life to my training so I can be the absolute best I can be in the pool. “I was on track for a huge summer so, like when anything doesn't go according to plan, it’s a really challenging time.     “I won't compromise my recovery and I will use this time to reflect on what the sport means to me and what it feels like to watch someone else win a race I should be in. “It's not going to be easy! That said, I wish all the best to my competitors. I’ll never shy away from a challenge but on this one, I’ve got to use my head more than my heart. “I will be back in the pool as soon as I can be, with my focus now on recovering and building up my strength ahead of the Commonwealth Games this summer. “I’d like to thank the @tenerife_top_training management team for there amazing support and getting me to the hospital as soon as they could. “I’ll be flying home early from camp today so I can be at home with my family and start the recovery process,” he concluded.   