  A Beautiful Mind actress Jennifer Connelly, 51, met Prince William, 39, last week at the Top Gun: Maverick premiere held in London’s Leicester Square. In a new interview, she reflected on the “special” moment as she had met the Duke of Cambridge’s mother, the late Princess Diana, 35 years before at a different film screening.       Jennifer has given some insight into the two royal experiences she had that took place 35 years apart. Last week, the Hollywood star met the Duke of Cambridge and his wife Kate Middleton at the London premiere of the remake of Tom Cruise's film Top Gun: Maverick. 35 years earlier, the Requiem for a Dream star met William's mother Princess Diana at the 1986 Royal Command Premiere of her film Labyrinth in London. In an interview on Monday, Jennifer remembered how “special” both experiences had been to her. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial     Asked if she had ever met any other British royals beside the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, she confirmed she had. “[In] 1986, yes, for the premiere of Labyrinth, which was a movie I did when I was a teenager,' Jennifer shared. The Jim Henson film was about Sarah (played by Jennifer) who has to navigate a complex maze to find her younger brother (Toby Froud) and save him from a scary goblin king (David Bowie). Jennifer recalled meeting Princess Diana at the height of her fame when they both attended the premiere.       “I got to meet William's mom, [Princess] Diana,” she remembered. Jennifer said that meeting Diana at the Labyrinth premiere was a “very special experience.” Diana, who died in a car crash in Paris 11 years later in 1997, is pictured at the age of 25 chatting to Jennifer as a teen, at the 1986 premiere. The pair can be seen standing next to an animatronic creature named Ludo that had been used in the film. READ MORE... Matthew Perry has ‘always been in love’ with Friends co-star Courteney [NEWS] Joan Collins looks younger than 89 as she bares toned shoulders [NEWS] Kate Moss says Johnny Depp 'didn't push me' [TRIAL UPDATE]      The princess had her then-husband, Prince Charles, by her side at the event as she conversed with Jennifer. Prince William would have been just four-years-old at the time. Therefore, it was once again a special experience when Jennifer greeted the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge at the Top Gun: Maverick premiere. Jennifer admitted she “definitely thought about” thought about Princess Diana when she was speaking to her eldest son.       “It was, you know, it's a very special occasion,” she shared. Speaking about the royals, she continued: “You think about the protocols that they ask you to be mindful of when meeting them and of course, you know, Kate and William were both so gracious and reached out and shook our hands and they are just impeccable.” “I have no recollection of what I spoke about,” she confessed in an interview with Entertainment Tonight. Top Gun: Maverick opens in UK cinemas tomorrow.   