George Russell is expecting Lewis Hamilton to show 'anger' in his on-track performances after struggling to make the most of his pace at Mercedes over the course of this year to date. The 37-year-old has been outperformed by his Silver Arrows team-mate for the vast majority of the new campaign and will be desperate to fight back by producing a strong showing at this weekend's Monaco Grand Prix. Russell is the only driver on the grid to have secured top-five finishes at every Grand Prix since the beginning of the season and has certainly shown his mettle as a top-class operator in his first year as a Mercedes driver. He is not yet prepared to write off Hamilton, though, after the latter's impressive fifth-placed finish in Spain at the last time of asking and firmly believes that he will come back with a vengeance over the coming weeks and months. "The pace has been very similar between the two of us," Russell told Sky Sports F1 when quizzed on Hamilton's recent performances ahead of FP1 in Monaco. "He was extraordinarily fast on Sunday. To be honest, I was struggling with the cooling and probably had the tyres in the wrong window but he was absolutely flying. JUST IN: Max Verstappen bought Red Bull engineer an ice cream to say sorry "I have no doubt that we're going to see this true pace and anger, that he can unlock at any point, become unleashed and he'll have me on my toes. I think Sunday was the first example of that we've seen all year." It remains to be seen whether Hamilton will be able to find his feet and challenge at the front end of the grid alongside Russell over the course of this weekend in Monaco. Mercedes managed to find some much-needed pace through the slower-speed corners in Spain and will be hoping for another productive showing at F1's most prestigious event in order to close the gap to the likes of Ferrari and Red Bull at the top of the order. Hamilton's slim hopes of a podium finish in Barcelona were dashed when he tangled with Kevin Magnussen on the opening lap of the race but he managed to fight back to cross the line in fifth after rolling back the years to rescue a welcome haul of points. He recently insisted that he does not feel like the lead driver at Mercedes as a result of Russell's flying start before underlining his desire to rectify his own early-season woes as a matter of priority. "George and I work equally hard together, I would say, to help drive the team and row just as hard as everyone else in the team," Hamilton told reporters last week."But through adversity and challenging times you always learn more about yourself, how you deal with things, how you reflect on things, how you are able to turn negatives into positives. "I wouldn’t say I’ve learned particularly much more, so I will say past experiences have helped during this phase. And I would say to just reassuring the strength I know I have mentally."Also, just reassuring us I still love my job, I still love the challenge even if it’s not fighting for wins. I’m still enjoying this battle we are having internally in terms of trying to, with the car I mean, trying to chase down these other guys." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE