Queen Elizabeth II, 96, will be celebrated across the country at her Platinum Jubilee next week. A four-day bank holiday weekend from June 2 to 5 will mark Her Majesty’s historic 70-year reign. No other Sovereign in British royal history has matched the monarch’s unprecedented milestone – only Queen Victoria, her great-great-grandmother, comes close having reigned for 63 years. Elizabeth came to the throne in 1952 upon the death of her father George VIw, who had not expected to be King but succeeded his brother, Edward VIII, after he abdicated. In the run-up to the Queen’s Jubilee, royal historian Dr Ed Owens dissected her reign, claiming that, as well as her many successes, she has also been “backward looking”. The former university lecturer and an expert on the House of Windsor wrote the book, ‘The Family Firm: Monarchy, Mass Media and the British Public, 1932-1953’. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “Let us just look at it from the Queen’s perspective: as an individual, we know that she is very cautious when it comes to innovation, when it comes to change for the sake of change. “The great sort of innovator within the family was Prince Philip. JUST IN: Kate’s favourite takeaway laid bare but William ‘wouldn't eat it with her’ “She has been more backward-looking in that she has sought to marry any change to a sense of continuity and tradition. “And I think when she came to the throne as young as she did, she didn't have a fully formed idea of what monarchy should be.” The Queen was only 25 years old when her father passed away and she succeeded him as monarch, in the process inheriting a Britain grappling with industrial decline after World War 2 and witnessing the remaining colonies gain their independence. Dr Owens claimed that the Queen has been averse to making significant changes to the monarchy from how it was when her father was on the throne. He said: “If anything, the idea of monarchy that she had in her mind when she came to the throne was very much the idea of monarchy that her father had worked to produce. “That in turn, was the version of monarchy that had been created by George V, because we've got to remember that George VI had come to the monarchy somewhat reluctantly and unexpectedly. “And in that respect, he essentially worked with what was already in front of him. “It is like moving into a house and not changing any of the furniture because you don't want to move the furniture. “That is how it has been. And Elizabeth II is the same, she has been very reluctant to innovate.” One of the enduring features of the Queen’s reign has been her focus on the Commonwealth. DON'T MISS: 'Really weird place' Meghan and Harry stuck 'in limbo' as Sussexes 'play royal' in US [LATEST]Royal POLL: Should Britons sing Sweet Caroline for Queen? [INSIGHT]Queen's historic coronation close-up only captured by cameraman's 'naughty' trick [ANALYSIS] The so-called ‘family of nations’, the association of 54 countries, comprises many of Britain’s former colonies and dependencies. The Commonwealth is set to feature prominently in the Jubilee, with a beacon to be lit in each of the capital cities of Commonwealth countries. According to Dr Owens, the association has been a way for the Queen to try and maintain Britain’s place on the global stage. He said: “She has seen the Commonwealth as a way of keeping the monarchy globally relevant, just like it was globally relevant in 1952. “But again, Britain is not a top-tier nation anymore. It would be a second-tier nation alongside other great second-tier nations, the likes of, Japan, France, Brazil. “We are in that kind of tier of nation these days. But punching in the top league, you have got countries like Germany, the USA, China. “They would be the three top tier nations. “So, we have to ask ourselves, has the Commonwealth given us possibly as a nation, but certainly the monarchy, a false sense of importance?”