Voters punished the Conservatives in the local elections on Thursday as the party lost more than 450 council seats across England, Scotland and Wales. The Tories were dealt major blows in London, where Labour seized the councils of Wandsworth, Westminster and Barnet. The three boroughs were among 13 councils that slipped from Conservative control after voters headed to the polls. But despite Labour’s success in the capital, the party failed to make inroads in some key local authorities of the North and Midlands. In these ‘Red Wall’ areas, Sir Keir Starmer's party was unable to capitalise on the problems facing the Government and the Prime Minister Boris Johnson. The embattled Tory leader’s involvement in the Partygate scandal and the cost of living crisis dominated the election campaign. Following the Tories’ disappointing performance, the party could now haemorrhage seats in its southern “Blue Wall” and lose its parliamentary majority at the next General Election, according to Dr Nicholas Dickinson, a political expert from the University of Oxford. He told Express.co.uk: “It seems really likely at the next election that the Conservatives will lose some seats in some really surprising areas. JUST IN: 'Why are they still employed?' Britons erupt in fury as civil servants hamper Brexit trade “It seems unlikely they will be able to hold onto their majority, but they may be able to hold onto being the largest party. “The polling is right in putting Labour slightly ahead by around five points.” In the local elections, the Tories were surprised to lose Southampton and Gosport to the Liberal Democrats. Other councils also slipped from the Conservatives, falling into no overall control, including Castle Point, Maidstone and Wokingham. At the next General Election, which is slated for 2024, it is these southeastern areas that could see Tory MPs fail to win seats, according to Dr Dickinson. He said: “We are really talking about suburban constituencies more or less across the southeast. “The sort of areas that surround cities that are not fully rural. “The Conservatives will still, I think, win large parts of the south. “But it is those areas that people move to buy their first house across the southeast.” He added: “And again, these have been solidly Conservative in most cases for decades. DON'T MISS: Boris set to unleash UK's power as EU shackles cast aside in MAJOR speech [LATEST]POLL: Should Boris Johnson resign over local election results? [INSIGHT]Archaeologists stunned by engineering discovery in Petra: 'Hard-pressed to do it today' [ANALYSIS] “They are the absolute mirror of the Red Wall. Some people talk about this as the Blue Wall.” At the 2019 General Election, Mr Johnson led the Tories to a landslide victory, notching up an impressive 80-seat majority in the House of Commons. However, projections by Sky News and the BBC after Thursday’s elections show that at the next General Election the Tories could lose their majority. The predictions, based on data from wards, show that the Tories would emerge narrowly ahead of Labour, resulting in a Hung Parliament. Dr Dickinson claimed that when Labour won votes at previous elections it failed to challenge the Tories, however that is now changing. He said: “It was not spilling over into areas that threaten Conservative seats in suburban areas across the south. “We have now reached that tipping point where that seems to be happening. “Labour’s pre-existing strengths – things that we knew they were good at – have become threatening to actual Conservative seats in a way they were not before.”