Edinson Cavani has revealed he told his brother last summer that he would have left Manchester United had Cristiano Ronaldo returned to the club a week earlier. The Uruguayan frontman had already extended his contract for a second season at Old Trafford after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer pleaded to keep the veteran but the arrival of Ronaldo immediately threw his chances of playing regularly in serious jeopardy.  While Cavani is full of respect for his fellow forward, he knew that he would no longer be United's main man in attack as Solskjaer continued to roll out his 4-2-3-1 system. For that reason, El Matador would have considered a swift exit before the start of the current campaign, had Ronaldo not signed so late in the window. Cavani told ESPN Brazil: “Speaking the truth, for I always tell the truth, as it should be. At the moment it happened, I thought it was good that Manchester signed Cristiano. "Knowing a little about the world of football today, the first thing I did was call my brother and I said: ‘Fernando, if this had happened a week ago, I would have asked you to sign with another club’. READ MORE: Napoli star Victor Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transfer “But not because I didn’t want to play with Cristiano Ronaldo. No. Because I had the opportunity to meet him, and he’s a great professional, with his objectives, and that’s perfect for sportsmen. But as I know, after years in football, how things are these days… That’s why I was talking to my brother. “It was more about understanding the situation. Not because I couldn’t play in my place at Manchester, but because there are a lot of things in football today that are different from how they were with other coaches, how it was before, years ago. But how it happened suddenly, at no time did I have any sensation. I thought: 'let’s play, do the best we can.'” Cavani's loyalty to United has failed to pay dividends after an injury-ravaged campaign that has seen him score just twice in 13 Premier League appearances. His unlikely partnership with Ronaldo in a two-man frontline temporarily saved Solskjaer's job back in late October, when they were both on the scoresheet in United's 3-0 win at Tottenham. DON'T MISSMan City chiefs sent Gabriel Jesus transfer message by Kevin De Bruyne as Arsenal eye dealEverton receive police request over Richarlison flare incident as FA 'pause' investigationVirgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time message that inspired Liverpool comeback However, that would arguably be the pinnacle of Cavani's season, having faced several long spells on the sidelines with various injuries. Now he is heading for the exit door with his contract set to expire in late June. Cavani would reportedly favour staying in Europe despite background talks with Boca Juniors. He added on his struggles at Old Trafford: “Over time, regardless of my injuries at the club, which kept me a little out of the season… I went through difficult situations, different from what I faced last year. "And after a few months, I called my brother again and said: ‘Remember what you said at the beginning of the season? Before the season started’. "You see, I’m speaking as if we were sit next to each other. Here there are no secrets in football. For me, it’s all been made up, and I have a vision of football that nobody takes away from me.” “So I called my brother and said that. Because he was like, ‘Be positive, Edi, you’ll do a good job…’ I said ‘yes, Fernando, I have no doubt it can be like this. But let’s see how things go with the time’. "And everything happened and that’s it, here we are, adding up, like everywhere I’ve been, but my way of thinking and way of seeing football gave me reason in the first months and from then on… problems with injuries and I was a bit out. But that was a little bit of what happened in that period.”