Dr Shola took to Twitter where she wrote: “The #royaltours are disrespectful and disingenuous. Atrocities done in name of Queen, British Empire and Government but Prince Charles didn’t ‘think’ to offer an overdue apology and commit respiratory justice? The Queen isn’t fit to be head of state of other nations. She does nothing for them.”  It comes as Prince Charles and Camilla arrived in Canada, of which the Queen is head of state, on Tuesday, 17 May, as part of a three-day jubilee tour. Canada is currently addressing a national scandal which saw indigenous children die in the school system. Ahead of the trip, there had been calls for the Queen to apologise over the issue. Prince Charles addressed the issue after a formal welcome at St John’s, saying: “We must find new ways to come to terms with darker and more difficult aspects of the past.  “I know that our visit here this week comes at an important moment – with indigenous and non-indigenous peoples across Canada committing to reflect honesty and openly on the past and to forge a new relationship for the future.” The prince added that him and Camilla “look forward to listening to you and learning about the future you are working to build.” The scandal came after the discovery of hundreds of human remains in unmarked graves at former church-run schools where indigenous children had been forcibly relocated for generations. The government-funded boarding schools were part of a policy which attempted to destroy indigenous cultures and languages.  READ MORE: 'Get a life!' American audience in stitches as Sussexes mocked on TV Pope Francis plans on visiting Canada this summer to apologise for the abuse suffered by indigenous people at the hands of the Catholic Church. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall were seen taking a moment of silence to honour the children who attended the residential schools. Discovery of the remains of 215 children students of Canada’s largest residential school came in May 2021, with the case prompting national outrage. Some of the remains discovered were believed to have been children as young as three.  DON'T MISS:Brexit: US blasts EU and UK for playing into Putin's hands [INSIGHT]Ireland expert savages Liz Truss 'big lie' on Brexit deal [COMMENT]Cheaper fruit will hit Brexit Britain if Mexico trade deal goes ahead [REVEAL] The school – called Kamloops Indian Residential School – operated between 1890 and 1969, holding up to 500 indegenous students at any one time. Their deaths are known to range from 1900 to 1971, but still to this day, there is no clear picture as to how many children died in residential schools.