Helen Skelton's marriage to Richie Myler, 31, broke down recently, although it is unclear whether he hit the 'unfollow' button, or whether she blocked him from viewing her Instagram account. The rugby player's absence from the On The Farm star's list of 295,000 followers was a dramatic indication of how the two had cut ties. His departure from the family home leaves Helen living alone while raising three small children - sons Ernie, 6, and Louis, 4, plus newborn baby daughter Elsie Kate. However, brave former Blue Peter presenter Helen made her first public appearance this week since announcing the split. She looked the picture of radiant glamour as she was pictured during a night out on the town with revellers including fellow TV star Ayo Akinwolere. She was wearing a cream coloured ankle-length dress designed by Victoria Beckham, while her blonde hair framed her face in a tousled style. READ NOW: Prince William honours Deborah James with Damehood at family home Helen announced via an Instagram post yesterday that she and her group had received a sporting award nomination. "We didn’t win but we played some good golf along the way!" she exclaimed. "Remember that time @fleureast @natalie_pinkham @missbelashah competed to play in the @bmwpga …. well we got nominated for a Sports Industry award." Her mood was much brighter than last month, when she had taken to social media to announce news of her split from her husband. "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple," she wrote, before adding: "He has left the family home." She continued: "We will be doing our best to co parent our small children." The pair had previously enjoyed an almost decade-long marriage since first tying the knot back in 2013. The circumstances surrounding their split are currently unclear. However, fans poured onto her page to offer their support. "I have always been a fan of yours, and I am absolutely devastated for you and the kids," wrote @tina.redz, before sharing her own marital split experience. "My husband also walked out... leaving me with 3 kids, the youngest was only a few months old at the time," she continued. "The kids honestly keep you going.... Stay strong Helen, you're stunning, you're beautiful and I promise you that you will get through this. Remember you are loved." "Helen you gorgeous 'cheeky Blue Peter girl' stay strong there is so much love for you xx," chimed in @decker01010. Meanwhile @stuartrichardmoye.bert told her: "All your fans are thinking of you at this difficult time helen…you are very dearly loved by millions of us. "God bless you and your family…you touch the hearts of millions with your tv and radio work…genuine..down to earth..truly authentic."