Real Madrid are now reportedly fearful Kylian Mbappe is set to stay at Real Madrid despite the fact 'everything was agreed' over a summer deal that would see him move to the Spanish capital. The hesitant Frenchman, who seemed destined for the Bernabeu, now appears reluctant to make the move at the end of the season as the forward and his entourage carefully consider their options. PSG want to keep Mbappe at all costs and are prepared to offer him a lucrative new contract that would also see him land a substantial signing bonus. Yet even if Mbappe stays at the Parc des Princes, the long-term plan will still be to move to Real Madrid. That said, Los Blancos are desperate to make the move happen now and they are unlikely to wait around. According to Spanish journalist Edu Pidal, Real Madrid now suspect Mbappe wants to stay for 'one or two more seasons' before joining from PSG. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong decides view on Man Utd transfer with Erik ten Hag 'to try again' It's left the hierarchy perplexed, as they believed everything was agreed ahead of the summer. There have also been some question marks as to where Mbappe fits into Real Madrid's side following their stunning run to the Champions League final in Paris. Vinicius Jr has been one of the club's biggest success stories in recent times but there's an acceptance he could be the man to make way should Mbappe arrive. But Carlo Ancelotti remains adamant Vinicius will play - regardless of who comes through the door. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football   “Vinicius is a player who has to play on the left," Ancelotti said. "He’ll keep playing on the left, no matter the teammates he has.” Ancelotti did not want to get drawn into discussing the prospect of signing Mbappe when recently asked about the World Cup winner because he knows the deal is not done until the contract has been signed. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp recently admitted the club were interested in signing Mbappe before hinting they could not compete with the money being offer to the player by PSG and Real Madrid. "Of course, we are interested in Kylian Mbappe - we are not blind," Klopp said. He then added, after being asked if he's made direct contact with the attacker: "Actually, I have nothing to say about that but between Kylian and Liverpool, it's all set, it's all fine. "We of course like him and if you don't like him then you have to question yourself. But, no, we are not going to sign him, we cannot be part of these battles. "There must be other clubs involved and that is fine. He is a great player." Real Madrid are understood to have offered £41million for Mbappe in January after seeing an offer of £145.8m rebuffed last August.