Strictly Come Dancing star and former rugby player Ugo Monye has become a familiar face to BBC One viewers in recent months after joining forces with Sam Quek and Paddy McGuinness to front the long-running quiz show, Question of Sport. However, with the show undergoing a major revamp which has seen non-sporting guests appear, new rounds and a new-look studio, not all fans have been on-board with the changes. The trio took over from host Sue Barker and team captains Phill Tufnell and Matt Dawson after their exits were confirmed in 2021. Now well into its new series, a number of fans have voiced their complaints about the changes, with Paddy himself even speaking out about the backlash. Express.co.uk caught up with Ugo’s former Harlequins teammate Joe Marchant ahead of his own on-screen appearance in Amazon Prime Video’s Prep to Win for his thoughts on Ugo’s new venture. And it’s safe to say he’s convinced fans will soon warm to the show’s change with Ugo at the helm. READ MORE: Keir Starmer snubs GMB reporter as viewers slam 'car crash' interview When asked about Ugo’s foray into the world of TV, Joe said: “I’ve seen him here and there on stuff, obviously he comes to a lot of the games so we see him coming into changing rooms. “Obviously he was former Quin, he did like some interview stuff with me and Dommers [Alex Dombrandt] actually, which was really nice. “But yeah, he's done so well. And like I think for all players coming away from the rugby and retiring and everything, like it’s just a good kind of role model thing. “(He) shows a lot of what you can do and what you can achieve because he's done so much. He's actually everywhere.” Joe continued: “Even all the punditry stuff, everyone listens to what he says and he is doing really well. “And he's just a great bloke as well,” Joe added before going on to speak about Question of Sport specifically. “He's obviously got like a personality which people like and people like watching on TV,” the England centre said. “I hope that it starts going a lot better than than it has been, but yeah, it's just one of those things, which is like change is always different, isn’t it?” DON'T MISS:Kate Garraway angers GMB fans as she cuts off ITV co-star 'S**t show'Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe dead after fatal health mistakeMichael Jackson insider breaks down in tears over Neverland ranch Joe went on: “Things like Countdown or whatever, as soon as they change the people on it, everyone kind of speaks about it a bit and they say, ‘it's not as good’. “But after a time, you kind of really don't really notice the change. “So hopefully, in a little bit of time, he'll be alright,” the Harlequins star said. While Ugo may be making waves on the BBC, the likes of Joe and his Quins teammates will soon be taking Prime Video by storm in a new documentary series, Prep to Win. For the first time ever, Amazon cameras will capture all the goings-on behind the scenes of title-winning Harlequins’ pre-season practice, offering candid interviews with players and coaches. The show’s creator, director and English Rugby Union player Beno Obano said of the limited series: “I wanted to create a series where people could learn a little, laugh a little and connect with some of these amazing athletes. “The goal of the show is to produce a slightly different perspective on elite sport; a perspective that can only really come from an elite athlete; allowing audiences to gain a real insight into the demands of their job and their goals.” Question of Sport airs Fridays at 8pm on BBC One.Prep to Win will be exclusively available on Amazon Prime Video soon.