Piers Morgan, 57, has blocked former GB News presenter Simon McCoy after the two clashed over the falling ratings for TalkTV. Piers shut down Simon after he called out the former GMB host for boasting about the TalkTV viewing figures. Official BARB figures showed that Piers’ Uncensored show has seen its audience shrink from 400,000 to 58,000 in less than three weeks. It had also been beaten by Nigel Farage’s GB News show which airs at 7pm. The star still is determined in believing that all is well. He wrote on his Twitter account: “UPDATE: @PiersUncensored beat Sky News & GB News in the UK ratings AGAIN last night.. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady “Still very early days, but the show is already gaining real traction around the world, making lots of news, and as I hoped, annoying all the right people.” However, Simon McCoy appeared triggered by the comment and wrote: “Please show the figures.” Piers then got embroiled in a Twitter thread with the presenter. He replied to Simon: “Show me yours… Oh wait.” Simon then told Piers he should try "retirement", to which the Talk TV star replied: "What, and be as bitter as you? No thanks." Fans were amused by Piers’ decision to then subsequently block Simon, given his stance on free speech. @Mankyanne 1063 wrote: “Umm I thought his new show was about stopping cancel culture.” @Paramedictom said: “The fact that GBNews is smashing TalkTV is something he can’t bare.” (sic) DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [INSIGHT] Kevin Clifton admits he's at 'war' girlfriend Stacey Dooley over shows [COMMENT] Catherine Zeta-Jones looks radiant as she debuts sultry new look [PICTURES] @Maisie_trish posted: “That’s a bit of an overreaction from Piers. He doesn’t want to deal with facts.” @Skyseller67 said: “Left GB News, blocked by Piers, they ay good news comes in threes Simon.” (sic) Piers has welcomed guests such as Caitlyn Jenner, Mel B and Donald Trump on to his show since its launch on April 25. He still remains the channel’s most popular presenter, however. Piers Uncensored has been broadcast on Talk TV weeknights at 8 pm in the UK since 25 April 2022. It is also broadcast internationally on Sky News Australia and Fox Nation. Ratings for the show slipped 80 percent from 316,800 to 61,700 average viewers in a week since launch.