They always have. What’s different now is that you can see it. It’s understandable. We’ve had a lot of change in a short period. Financial crises, Covid, Brexit, Elections, a lot has happened in the last few years. Of course people are going to disagree. But imagine a world where everyone agreed on everything – would it be easier to find solutions? Would it be more likely you’d find the answers? Of course not. You need dissent and disagreement to solve problems.  You may think this is just what happens in politics, but disagreement has shot through the commercial world and good job, too. It leads to innovation and fresh thinking there as well. Post Brexit businesses across the UK have not just coped with change, but used the opportunities it has brought. Take Northern Ireland bus manufacturer Wrightbus for example. It has partnered with Australian bus builder Volgren on a ground-breaking deal to use hydrogen fuel technology on new buses, leading to much bigger contracts in Australia. The deal is a great example of the opportunities provided by the UK’s independent trading status and our network of Free Trade Agreements with dynamic nations like Australia. Incidentally, Australian carrier Qantas is trialling the world’s longest non-stop flight from London to Sydney. It has purchased a dozen planes powered by Rolls-Royce Trent XWB-97 turbines, made in Derby. The UK-Australia Free Trade Agreement helped with both of these deals. Brexit resulted in a lot of innovation and accelerated it in other areas like renewable energy. The war in Ukraine has really thrown light on energy security, demonstrating the need to wean ourselves off foreign fossil fuels. The UK has led the way and is now attracting more investment in renewables than ever before. Staggeringly, many believe this will be more valuable than the oil and gas industry has been over the past decades. This was unthinkable even a few years ago. We have a greater focus now on skills and training. We are proving a huge success story for investment because we already have the skills and workforce that global investors are looking for. This isn’t just in London and the South East. According to EY's attractiveness survey, Edinburgh, Glasgow and Aberdeen are all in the UK’s top 10 locations for Foreign Direct Investment. There’s nothing wrong with challenge, disagreement and debate, provided that it results in a constructive, positive outcome. In Scotland, recent inward investment has been supported jointly by the Department for International Trade and Scottish Development International. This includes Chivas Brothers’ £88 million investment into two distilleries. Indian firm Piramal Pharma Solutions has invested £45 million to expand, supporting the creation of 40 new jobs and safeguarding a further 170. Although the SNP will never champion such joint working, I am happy to. In Wales, UK and Welsh governments have reached an agreement to establish the first freeports there.   This is an innovation spurred by being able to control and design our own border. UK ministers will provide at least £26 million of non-repayable starter funding for any freeport set up in Wales, as per the deals offered to sites established in England. Cardiff and London are designing the prospectus for new sites, with further details expected soon. Across the UK cutting edge tech firms are thriving and we are the top destination for US tech firms expanding internationally. The UK’s capital has drawn more tech investment projects in the last five years than any other global city. The data, compiled by London & Partners and Dealroom, shows that London has attracted 251 tech investment projects that created almost 9,000 new jobs, surpassing cities such as Singapore (154 projects) and Bangalore (121 projects). Investors like places where there is lively and constructive dissent. Change is the fuel for fresh thinking and a catalyst for economic development. No political party has the monopoly on this, but adapting is what Brits do well. Remember there are so many countries where dissent is banned. I can tell you, they aren’t stronger as a result. Quite the contrary. You can’t have economic diversity without political differences. You can be proud of our country and of our differences. They’re the engine room of progress. 