After the local election results showed mixed results for both the Labour and the Conservative parties, all eyes are set on the next General election and how the local election results will translate at the national level. The results suggest there will be a hung parliament with no clear majority for either party, meaning parties will have to form coalitions. The LibDems have made it clear they’re ruling out an alliance with the Tories in the next general election. Speaking to Sky News’ Sophy Ridge, LibDem MP Daisy Cooper lashed out: “We have no interest in doing a coalition with this Conservative government at all." “We have said that we are in second place to the Conservatives in around 80 seats around the country", MP Cooper said. “And those are the areas where we will be targeting Conservative PMs. So, we will play a role in ousting them. “Our number one priority for the Liberal Democrats is ousting this conservative government.” Liberal Democrats have made gains across England, Wales, and Scotland with 220 new councillors – the largest win of any party in the local elections. The party’s leader Sir Ed Davey hailed the results as a “turning point” for his party’s prospects. The last time the party was in power was under Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron’s coalition in 2010. But to MP Cooper, it is still too soon to gauge the electorate's mood. “It’s far too soon to say what that might look like or how that might work. “But we would want to play a role in ousting this Conservative Government.” READ MORE: Local election results 2022 mapped: Find out how your area voted here The next general elections are expected to take place in 2024 – five years after the current Parliament first met in December 2019. The Parliament could be dissolved before then by a no-confidence motion or by the government itself which can decide to call a general election. Now, this seems unlikely given the Tories hold 359 seats while the Labour party hold 199 of them and Liberal Democrats 13. However, the threat of a no-confidence vote still hangs over UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to launch search for ‘Brexiteer’ Chancellor over Rishi [ANALYSIS]Top Tory mayor: We need to double down on levelling up [REPORT]Sturgeon's independence dream faltering as SNP fail to capitalise [ANALYSIS] Several senior Conservative MPs reportedly warned Boris Johnson a no-confidence vote was inevitable over the party gate scandal, especially if it impacted the election results – and it did. Tories lost three flagship London councils, a total of 11 councils and almost 500 seats. Senior Tory MP Mark Harper said he expected the 54 letters required to trigger a no-confidence motion to be sent by parliament’s summer recess in July.