Rylan Clark took fans back to exactly a decade ago since his first step on the ladder to fame when he posted images of himself as an X Factor hopeful with long, bleached blonde hair. "Dunno how, dunno why, but today marks 10 years since that audition," he wrote on Twitter, in an anniversary post today. He added: "Thanks for a decade to remember. No regrets x" Rylan's career has transformed dramatically since his earliest days on X Factor, with the star now boasting 1.7 million followers. In fact, fans could scarcely believe their eyes as they caught sight of visuals of an almost unrecognisable Rylan on the stage from way back when. However, those in the know instantly recalled his appearance on Series 9 of the X Factor, when he made it through to the quarter finals under Pussycat Dolls singer Nicole Scherzinger's wing. READ NOW: Sir David Jason hints Only Fools and Horses would be cancelled today He ultimately lost out to Union J in the sing-off, but while the band fared less well in the years that followed, Rylan is now a British household name. @kevintravel marvelled at the transformation, quizzing: "Did you feel at the time your life was gonna change forever?? Well done." @JulieNo81203941 recalled Rylan's distinctive sense of humour rearing its head in the now legendary audition, quipping: "Loved it when you started singing a Take That song to [judge] Gary Barlow, then stopped and said I'm only joking!" Rylan certainly caught Gary's attention, prompting a mixed reaction from the Take That star. He told him: "Love your personality, hate your voice", before querying his "really strange" song choice - Des'ree's Kissing You. Meanwhile, Twitter fan @JulietteTempest replied to the star's throwback post by declaring: "The why is easy, because you're absolutely fabulous and we all love ya. She added supportively: "Congrats on 10 years, here's to the next 10!!!! @CerviF chimed in: "I didn’t watch you on that show but you popped up on my radar through Radio 2. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [PHOTOS] Only Fools and Horses David Jason in rare sighting at Clarkson's Farm [UPDATE] Jenny Ryan issues apology as she's forced to pull out of show [LATEST]  "Congratulations. You are a fabulous, talented young man and you thoroughly deserve your success!" Meanwhile @AndrewMMacD simply stated: "An icon was born 10 years ago." Some fans were nostalgic for his former appearance and wondered if he would repeat it. "Now the real question.. would you go for that hair style again?" @CrimsonFiorag requested. "It'll look good with black or blonde again!" the tweeter urged. Then @jayinmanchester chimed in: "You’ve done brilliantly for yourself Rylan by hard work, determination, not taking yourself too seriously and not taking no for an answer or letting negative people bring your spirit down. Congrats on 10yrs in the game!" @HelenNCW added: "My husband & I think you’re fab Rylan but I discovered last week he had never seen you on X Factor so I showed him (incl the crying video, obvs & it blew his mind! "Congratulations - so happy for the success you’ve had from this."