With summer just around the corner, many homeowners are looking to give their homes a design overhaul. However, interior design isn’t cheap and can end up costing more than people realise. Now, several interior experts have shared how to make their property look luxurious and expensive without breaking the bank. Here are their tips: Jonathan Warren, bed specialist and director at Time4Sleep said to homeowners the “key” to creating an “expensive feel” in a bedroom is going for interior pieces that are “timeless luxury”. When choosing a timeless piece like a headboard, bed or dressing table, opt for neutral colour palettes which will go with cushions and blankets in a multitude of colours. As trends change, the timeless pieces will still suit whatever colour is on trend. Lucy Ackroyd, head of design at Christy said one of the “key tell-tale signs of an expensive home is the bedroom”. To create a cosy yet sophisticated vibe, homeowners can experiment with layering textures, adding a lightweight cosy throw or choosing high quality white bedding. READ MORE: House prices MAPPED: Average house sold prices in the UK “Accessorise with lavish houseplants, inspired by towering palm trees to bring a pop of green indoors. This will help you create a space harmonious with the outside while using modern colour palettes to add depth,” she added. While many people may not think flooring is important, it can completely transform a space. Good quality flooring can make a home appear luxurious and expensive without having to cost a fortune. Carolina, head of design at Luxury Flooring & Furnishings said going solid wood flooring can give a “luxury feel” to a space while also absorbing heat in the warmer months. For a minimalist feel, homeowners can opt for a “single plank style” which can also add character to a home. However, engineered wood flooring can be more practical and more stable due to the layers of wood underneath. DON'T MISSOven cleaning: How to clean oven door glass under 5 minutes - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Top home remedies for getting rid of ants - 'they didn't come back' [UPDATE]‘Easy tips’ to keep fresh flowers ‘blooming’ for longer [ANALYSIS] Pair wooden floors with a textured rug to create a cosy look. Expensive-looking homes are often free of clutter and appear to be light and airy. When redesigning a room, consider the lighting that’s being used as well as the fabrics. Amy Wilson, interior designer at 247 Curtains said the “one the luxurious houses all seem to have in common is their airy, light feel”. This is often created with huge floor-to-ceiling windows but this isn’t always necessary to creating that look. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Natural sunlight, which adds a brighter feel to a space, can be enhanced with a curtain in a pale-coloured fabric. She added: “White voile curtains are a great choice for elevating a room and look especially stylish against dark frames and wooden floors in a downstairs living space. “For the bedroom, opt for blackout curtains in a neutral colour - these are thicker so feel more luxurious but can tie the room together really nicely.” Just because a home is luxurious doesn’t mean it has to look boring. Ms Ackroyd said bathrooms are a great way to play around with bright lighting, big mirrors and pops of colour. The interior design expert suggested choosing bright towel sets and getting inspired by “cactus-coloured elements”.  She added: “The Californian style is all about modernity and chicness so a few statement elements are key to this. “Even choosing small neutral-coloured details like this mink towel set, a stone-colour luxury robe and a mocha bath mat, will make your bathroom a functional yet timeless space.” Pared-back colour palettes are the “first thing” to consider when it comes to luxury, claimed Sam Hood, co-founder and CCO at AMARA. Whites, nudes, pale greys and soft browns should be the base for the walls while splashes of bright colours are introduced through soft furnishings and accessories. She continued: “It’s also important to remember that colour and pattern in a luxury interior must be subtle and sleek. “Use both sparingly to create a sophisticated space, perfect for hosting dinner parties and events with friends and family. “To complete the look, add a scattering of glittering metallics to add depth and drama.”