Royal expert Richard Kay said the Duke of Sussex's relationship with Thomas Markle, who he has never met, has been one of "sour mistrust". The royal commentator said the "roots of this unhappiness" come from the 77-year-old, who lives in Rosarito, Mexico, staging paparazzi pictures in the run-up to Harry and Meghan's royal wedding in 2018. Mr Kay said the move was "foolish" but added that it was "remarkable" that efforts were not made by royal aides to help Mr Markle "deal with the enormity" of his daughter marrying a member of the Royal Family. Writing for the Daily Mail, he said: "But perhaps the most baffling failure of all was Harry's. "Even now, four years later, it is hard to understand why Harry did not meet his girlfriend's father in person, as any prospective son-in-law would do. "There must have been countless opportunities for Harry (and Meghan) to have paid a private visit to her father — long before he started giving interviews." Mr Kay said that while Mr Markle has "hardly helped" the rift by criticising his son-in-law in a series of interviews since the royal wedding, it "cannot excuse Harry's own behaviour". His comments come as Meghan's estranged father was admitted to hospital earlier this week after suffering a stroke earlier. Urging the Duke to put aside the row and visit the 77-year-old, the royal expert added: "Is it really too late for Harry to put the past behind him and reach out to poorly Mr Markle? "I don't think so — but if he does not I fear he may come to regret it." READ MORE: Meghan Markle told to 'reconsider' cruel feud with father Mr Kay's comments come after Mr Markle was admitted to hospital on Tuesday. The retired lighting director had been planning to travel to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June in a desperate bid to meet his grandchildren Archie and Lilibet. Last month, Mr Markle told GB News: "I'm looking forward to it. DON'T MISS'Time to mend' Lorraine Kelly urges Meghan Markle to reunite with dad [VIDEO]Meghan Markle 'has a decision to make' over meeting ailing dad [ANALYSIS]'Good PR for Duchess' Meghan urged to reunite with ailing father [INSIGHT] "I'm going to show my respect for the Queen and I'm going to make sure that the Queen understands that my entire family respects the Queen and the royals. "We admire them and we want them to know that's how we feel about them and that's how we feel about England." Meghan has been estranged from her father since he was caught staging paparazzi photographs ahead of her and Harry's big day. Mr Markle has since given a series of interviews hitting out at his son-in-law. In a brutal attack in April, the 77-year-old said: "He's like a child. He follows my daughter around like a child. He's not a man. "You can tell me he was in the military but, I can't believe it. I think he's kind of a wuss and always will be. "He's got a brother that's a real man and he's got a father who is a real man. But I don't think he's ever growing up." Express.co.uk has contacted Archewell for comment. 