After battling to an impressive 1-1 draw with Liverpool, Tottenham manager Antonio Conte dropped a hint on the ambitions that he is set to discuss with Daniel Levy at the end of the season. Spurs took an important step on their quest for the top four at Anfield, but reports indicate that Conte could still jump ship this summer if crunch talks reveal that the club's aims and objectives do not match up to his own. After the final whistle, he gave further insight into his expectations. "Liverpool did what they have because they created a foundation under Jurgen [Klopp]," explained Conte. "They did a lot in seven years. He created a monster, in a good way. To do this you need time, patience and a lot of things. "You have to go step by step. It's impossible to imagine that next season you're going to win the title because you have to be realistic. I know teams in England like Liverpool, City, Chelsea and United, it's not easy to face these monsters." DON'T MISS...Man City plot 'explosive' Pogba bid as Man Utd midfield considers switchTottenham make Graham Potter 'top target' from three-man shortlist if Conte quitsMan City boss Guardiola shares theory behind meltdown vs Real Madrid Conte's assessment suggests that Levy does not have to promise him the world when they sit down at the negotiating table this summer. Even so, it could take at least six new recruits to convince the Italian that he has the backing to construct a team in his own image after finding success with the likes of Juventus, Chelsea and Inter Milan. The Spurs hierarchy only landed him two new faces in January, but both Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur have hit the ground running in north London. Conte may benefit from greater trust in the summer transfer window on that basis, and after earning a precious point against the Reds he discussed the side's significant improvement since he took over from Nuno Espirito Santo.  "I think this team has improved a lot," he added. "Don't forget I didn't arrive until November and you work very hard every day to give your players your football knowledge. It's good to see the players disappointed because they felt the possibility to take the chance to win against Liverpool at Anfield. "We had chances and in the last minute had a great chance. I think the performance was good but for sure we can improve and we will improve through work."