With the cost of living pushing households closer to the brink of poverty than any other time in recent memory, council tax rises are adding onto the mounting financial burden. Many are trying their best to keep costs down without compromising their lifestyle, and there are three methods Britons could use to better manage their council tax bill.  Following council tax increases, the average band D property in the UK has risen by roughly £67. This is just the tip of the cost of living iceberg which is sinking many households into financial ruin. Estate agents Douglas & Gordon researched council tax levels across the country, and found some surprising revelations. Solely looking at council tax, London was found to be one of the most affordable areas to live with an average monthly cost in Greater London of £136. READ MORE: 'I felt sick!' Retired widow loses £40,000 after 'looking for companionship'     Whilst the actual properties may be the most expensive in the UK, council tax rates are generally low in the London area as council receive greater revenue from other sources like parking charges. Areas like Westminster, which has the lowest council tax in the UK with an average of just £866 per year, are a prime example as the council receives more funding from businesses in its district. The London boroughs have seen significant increases but still remain relatively cheap, with places like Wandsworth only paying 38 percent of what Nottingham residents pay per year. Other notably low council tax areas included West Midlands that pay an annual cost of roughly £1,633.  Berkshire and Hampshire had similar low costs of £154 and £156 per month respectively. Essex rounded off the top five lowest council tax levels with an average annual cost of £1,870 for a band D property. On the other hand, Rutland was found to have the highest council tax rate in the UK at £2,195, or an average monthly cost of £183. East Sussex and Nottinghamshire were a mere few pounds off from each other, with average annual cost of £2,144 and £2,134 respectively.  Similarly, Devon and Durham completed the five highest council tax rates at an annual cost of £2,075 and £2, 068 respectively on average for a band D property. Aside from the total costs of council tax, Wiltshire and Greater Manchester have had the highest council tax increases over the years. Wiltshire has had increases of 36.9 percent since 2015, with Greater Manchester experiencing a 32.4 percent rise. Comparatively, the City of London council tax rates have only increased by 11.2 percent during that time.  Douglas & Gordon shared three ways Britons could reduce and better manage their council tax. Firstly, Britons have the option to spread the cost using different payment plans, typically spread across 10 months. However, they can also be spread across 12 months, resulting in lower and more affordable monthly repayments. Council tax reductions and discounts are also available for households in certain circumstances. Lastly, if one believes their property is in the wrong council tax band they can challenge it. However, this may result in a higher tax rate for either the household or their neighbours depending on the outcome.