Nicola Walker returns to BBC One tonight in the next instalment of The Split. The actress is a household name in the world of British TV and she has an extensive list of credits. Fans are keen to know the star's net worth following her latest venture. Nicola Walker, 51, is known for her roles across a number of British TV shows from the 1990s until the present day. She rose to fame playing Ruth Evershed in Spooks, and DCI Cassie Stuart in Unforgotten. The award-winning actress, who is also a wife and mother, took up acting classes at 12 years old. Her first major TV role was in 1997 in A Dance to the Music of Time and she is grown in popularity ever since. READ MORE: Kate Garraway leaves Sturgeon rattled over dropping support Her net worth according to idolnetworth.com is £921,000 ($1.2 million). Allfamousbirthdays.com cited a slightly higher figure of £1.1 million ($1.5 million). She has appeared on stage, screen and radio and has a number of BAFTA nominations to her name, so needless to say she has an impressive net worth regardless. Her upcoming project is a new drama called Marriage, in which she stars alongside Sean Bean. Away from TV, the star is returning to the stage and has received critical acclaim for her role in The Corn is Green. Walker takes the lead role as Miss Moffat, who is determined to help young local miners out of poverty by teaching them to read and write. The actress has also received plenty of praise for her role in the latest season of The Split. In the upcoming episode, her character Hannah tells Nathan (Stephen Mangan) she wishes he wasn't having a baby with someone else. DON'T MISS... Countryfile viewers slam Adam Henson over horrifying lamb segment [DISCUSSION] Nicola Walker children: Does The Split actress have children? [INSIGHT] Nicola Walker age: How old is The Split actress? [EXPLAINER] The pair forgive each other for their infidelities, but how long will it last? The season finale is due to air next week on May 9 and Nathan finds his new relationship on the rocks. The final episode's synopsis reads: "Hannah makes a decision which shapes everyone's future. "Nina confesses her past misdeeds and her fears for the future to Melanie. "Rose allows herself to express her grief at James' grave and finds comfort in a visit from Glenn and his children. "Meera Syal reprises her role from the first series as client Goldie, who comes back to Hannah seeking a pre-nuptial agreement." The BBC confirmed season three will be the last, so fans can expect a dramatic finale. Creator Abi Morgan explained her reasons for ending the series, saying: "It was always the plan and in fact, I don’t think I’m saying anything out of turn here, the BBC would have loved us to have gone on really. But I always conceived it as three." Actress Walker said she felt it was a "bittersweet moment". She told Radio Times: "It's always difficult when you know it's the last time you're going to get to be somebody that you've fallen in love with and I have completely fallen in love with Hannah and her family – so it's bittersweet."  The Split continues on BBC One on Mondays at 9pm.