More than eight million households will receive £1,200 in hand-outs as part of the giveaway. And in an unexpected boost, the Chancellor also pledged help for every household in the country with a £400 discount on energy bills this winter. It was also confirmed the pension triple lock system will be restored. To fund the measures, Mr Sunak announced a £5billion temporary tax raid on the profits of oil and gas firms. He will also raise Treasury ­borrowing by around £10billion. Labour immediately accused Mr Sunak of pinching their idea of a windfall tax. Some Tory MPs questioned the wisdom of the Government handing out cash grants to every ­household after raising National Insurance last month. But the Chancellor insisted radical action was necessary to prevent millions facing serious hardship from the fuel price surge. Mr Sunak said: “We said we would stand by the British people. That’s a promise we made and we’re delivering on that today. “We know that people are facing challenges with the cost of living and that is why today I’m stepping in with further support to help with rising energy bills. “We have a collective responsibility to help those who are paying the highest price for the high ­inflation we face. That is why I’m targeting this significant support to millions of the most vulnerable people in our society. “I said we would stand by people and that is what this support ­does today.” Mr Sunak finalised his emergency package after the energy watchdog Ofgem signalled that the price cap on domestic fuels­ will soar to around £2,800 in ­the autumn. His measures included doubling the planned discount for households to cut energy bills this winter to £400. He also cancelled his ­earlier proposal to recoup the cash in later years, turning the move into a grant rather than a loan. Treasury cash will go to energy firms to reduce bills with the £400 spread out over six months ­from October. The grant will be universal and paid to every address with an ­electricity meter by energy firms, meaning owners of more than ­one home will get £400 for ­each property. Mr Sunak also announced extra targeted support for low-income households, pensioners and ­disabled people. Around 8.3 million households receiving Universal Credit and other income-related benefits will get a £650 payment paid in two instalments in July and the autumn. It means that most of those families could be due a total of £1,200 over the coming months, including the previously announced £150 council tax rebate for band A-D properties. All pensioner households will get an extra £300 paid through the annual Winter Fuel Payment mechanism. Around six million people receiving means-tested disability benefits will receive a £150 cost-of-living payment. People falling into more than one category will qualify for multiple payments under the system. In a Commons statement, Mr Sunak said: “This Government will never stop trying to help people, to fix problems where we can, to do what is right – as we did throughout the pandemic. "We need to make sure that for those whom the struggle is too hard, and for whom the risks are too great, ­they are supported." “This Government will not sit idly by while there is a risk that some in our country might be set so far back they might never recover. This is simply unacceptable. I will never allow that ­to happen. “And I want to reassure everybody – we will get through this.” Mr Sunak, who was pictured ­visiting a B&Q store in Watford, also confirmed the pension triple lock mechanism will be restored, with next year’s pension increase based on the inflation rate ­this September. In the Commons, the Chancellor faced mocking cheers from Labour MPs when announcing his temporary 25 per cent tax raid on oil and gas company profits. Mr Sunak said his Energy Profits Levy, set to last three years or until energy prices drop to more normal levels, will be tailored to encourage investment in UK energy supplies. Firms will be able to apply for a 90 per cent discount on the levy for any profits ploughed back into UK-based oil and gas production. Mr Sunak said: “It is also right that those companies making extraordinary profits on the back of record global oil and gas prices contribute towards this. “That is why I’m introducing a temporary Energy Profits Levy to help pay for this unprecedented support in a way that promotes investment.” Shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves claimed the Government had been dragged “kicking and screaming” into backing Labour’s plan. She said: “After today’s announcement, let there be no doubt about who is winning the battle of ideas in Britain. It’s the Labour Party. “Today, it feels like the Chancellor has finally realised the problems the country is facing. We first called for a windfall tax on oil and gas producers nearly five months ago to help struggling families and pensioners.” Several Cabinet ministers are understood to be irritated with the Chancellor’s decision to further increase the tax burden ­by introducing the energy levy. One source close to a senior minister said: “There is a lot of unhappiness among colleagues that we are raising tax once again. This has been forced through without discussion in Cabinet. It is hitting business and flies in the face of our election manifesto promises.” Paul Johnson, of the Institute for Fiscal Studies, said: “Mr Sunak is engaging in some serious redistribution from rich to poor.”