Video footage from the camera shows the exact moment a Russian soldier realises he and his squad have been caught in the act during a looting spree in Ukraine after killing two Ukrainian civilians. The squad of Russia's soldiers are captured on camera celebrating with alcohol and stealing valuable objects when one of them looks up, spots the camera, and shoots it. CCTV footage, relayed by the BBC, reveals what could be the latest evidence of alleged Russian war crimes amid Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. The footage was captured at a car dealership outside Kyiv where two employees were shot in the back by the Russian soldiers. The two Ukrainian men are seen walking away from a checkpoint after they were frisked for cigarettes. While they make their way down the road, Russian soldiers shoot both men in the back. After a few minutes, one of them, seriously injured and bleeding, gets back on his feet and crawls to safety. He has since been identified by his family as Leonid Plyats, a 68-year-old grandfather employed as a guard at the garage. In an attempt to save Leonid, Ukrainian soldiers have launched a rescue operation, which failed under the Russians’ heavy fire. Eventually, Ukrainian soldiers reached him alive but were unable to save him.    Leonid’s wife and daughter said they wanted to keep the video to shed light on the atrocities committed by Putin’s forces in Ukraine and to keep his memory alive for future generations. "I can’t watch it now. I will save it to the cloud and leave it for my children and grandchildren. "They should know about this crime and always know who our neighbours are," Leonid’s daughter said. In total, Ukrainian prosecutors have collected more than 10,700 war crimes in the hope to bring those responsible to justice. Three captures soldiers will be prosecuted in the coming days for having allegedly murdered civilians and another for killing a man before raping his wife. READ MORE: Putin facing hell as Russia admits sanctions set to cripple country  Vadim Shysimarin, a 21-year-old commander of the Kantemirovskaya Tank Division, will be the first Russian to face trial over his alleged murder of an 88-year-old man. The United Nations Human Rights Council voted to look deeper into an investigation into reports of rights abuses by Russian forces in Kyiv and other Ukrainian regions that have been previously occupied by Russian forces. An international commission of inquiry was set up in March to investigate all human rights violations. The Council passed a resolution calling on the commission’s investigators to focus their efforts on events near Kyiv. DON'T MISS:Putin's land grab bid for WHOLE of Ukraine seized as troops drop plans [REPORT]Putin has a secret briefcase that could tigger a nuclear armageddon [REPORT]Nikolai Patrushev: Russia's next President ‘more barbaric than Putin'[REPORT] UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Michelle Bachelet said her team has gathered evidence of hundreds of killings of Ukrainian civilians by Russian forces and keep verifying allegations that "may amount to war crimes." US President Joe Biden described Russian troops’ atrocities as "genocide". The American President said he is concerned Vladimir Putin "may have no way out of the Ukraine war." "I’m trying to figure out what we do about that", President Biden said.