Chris Bryant condemned the actions of the Prime Minister as he said Boris Johnson had become “blind to his own failings.” The Labour MP described the apologies given by Mr Johnson as “excuses “ as he suggested the Conservative Leader should resign amid the controversy of the Partygate investigation. The Chair of the Committee of Privileges argued the Sue Gray report had revealed “indefensible” actions of the Prime Minister. Speaking to Sky News, he said: “The rules don’t apply to them, there's one set of rules for everybody else and there’s one set of rules for them.”    Mr Bryant continued: “It even existed within Downing Street itself so all the special advisors and the senior people were able to carry on as they wanted. “When the cleaners and the security staff said, look this is just not right, you’re not abiding by the rules, they were told where to get off. “It’s just morally indefensible I think.” The Labour MP blasted the mistreatment of Downing Street staff by senior individuals who attended the boozy gatherings.    Sky News host Kay Burley said: “Yeah, the Prime Minister has addressed that, we’re told by Steve Barclay, and he is apologising personally to  all of those involved.” Mr Bryant interrupted: “No, sorry Kay, no, but he isn’t” He added: “He may sort of do that apology that he did in the House of Commons yesterday but that actually amounts to excuse after excuse after excuse. “He doesn’t believe he did anything wrong or that anybody else did. “He’s blind to his own failings.” Read more: 'Gone through the sorrow' Ex-Tory MP slams Boris over partygate row   Ms Burley highlighted earlier comments made by the Downing Street Chief of Staff, Mr Barclay. She said: “We’re told that he has apologised to some staff personally and he will apologise to more staff today when they come onto their shift pattern. “We have to accept that is what the Prime Minister has done and that is what he will be doing.” In conversation with Ms Burley, The Downing Street Chief of Staff asserted the Prime Minister had been “humbled” by the findings of the Sue Gray report and accepted “ultimate responsibility” for the lockdown breaches. Don't miss:Standards we expect of MPs? Lies and mediocrity mainly PAUL BALDWIN [COMMENT]Do YOU think Sue Gray's report matters? [POLL]Sue Gray: the quiet woman who shuns glare of media spotlight [INSIGHT] In his address to the House of Commons, Mr Johnson said: “Sue Gray’s report has emphasised that it is up to the political leadership in Number Ten to take the ultimate responsibility, and of course I do.” The Prime Minister said he was “appalled” by evidence suggesting Downing Street cleaners and security staff were poorly treated by attendees of the lockdown gatherings. He said: “ I would like to apologise to those members of staff and I expect anyone who behaved in that way to apologise to them as well.” Though Mr Johnson acknowledged the importance of the report, he emphasised that the Government must now focus on delivering policy to address “the aftershocks of Covid.”   