Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are expected to arrive in the UK for the Platinum Jubilee weekend in the coming days. However, royal sources told the Telegraph this week Palace aides were fearful the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could turn the weekend into a "circus". One royal commentator, Kinsey Schofield, told TalkTV today, while the couple will "stay quiet" during the Jubilee, the Royal Family should prepare for leaks "in the coming weeks". She remarked the Queen was "looking forward to seeing Lilibet and to seeing Archie but she is not looking forward to the drama that Harry and Meghan bring". Ms Schofield added: "We already know that she has told them that they need to stay in the shadows and not make the Jubilee about them." TalkTV host Cristo followed up: "Do you think the Sussexes PR team are clued up enough to say, you really can't make this about you. "You are already, according to a YouGov, among the most unpopular royals in the country. "If you make the Jubilee about you, you are going to screw it with the British public forever." JUST IN: Meghan's recent appearances spark claims that Sussexes are in trouble  Ms Schofield claimed Harry and Meghan may wait until they are back in the US to reveal any "behind-the-scenes drama" and "royal snubs". She explained: "I don't think their PR team is saying that. I think they might be quite throughout the Jubilee but expect stories to leak in the following weeks." Cristo added: "So, for Jubilee weekend they will be all smiles and waves, but in the weeks to come, they will reveal the behind-the-scenes drama or any royal snub?" The royal commentator simply responded: "Exactly." According to the Telegraph, Harry and Meghan have told the Queen they will keep a low profile during the Jubilee celebrations and will only take part in official engagements.  The royal sources said they will "avoid unannounced visits elsewhere" that might overshadow Her Majesty's celebrations. Royal historian and author Hugo Vickers said this was the correct approach, telling the New York Post: “I would like to hope that it will all be focused on her. "The fewer distractions there are, the better, frankly." DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan facing Spotify 'pressure' to break 'promise to Queen' [INSIGHT]Vladimir Putin left reeling after Ukraine wipe out Russian supply base [VIDEO]Boris’s fighting spirit is what we need now [COMMENT]  He added: "If you think about it, this will be the last really huge time to celebrate the queen publicly and thank her. "This has been an extraordinary golden age that she has presided over, and things will change dramatically at a certain point, so I think these few days will be really important. "Everyone must get out and celebrate her." Harry and Meghan are expected to take part in the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday 3 June in what will be their first joint public appearance in the UK since their departure from the country more than two years ago. An estimated 16,000 street parties will be thrown around the country as millions are expected to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee on the extended Bank Holiday weekend. Councils approved "a huge number" of applications from residents eager to celebrate the monarch's 70-year milestone. 