EuroMillions players could be the lucky winner of £23 million tonight - all you have to do is match the right numbers to become instantly rich. Tonight’s draw is truly dream-worthy money that would change your life forever. But have you won tonight’s jackpot? Brits have been on a roll with the EuroMillions recently, with several UK players winning huge jackpots in the transnational lottery. In 2021 there were five UK EuroMillions winners. These include anonymous winners who took home £122m and £111m in April and June respectively. The biggest winners who came forward after their win were Frances and Patrick Connolly from Northern Ireland, who scooped a £115m prize in 2019. READ MORE: EuroMillions winners named after securing £184MN jackpot Up until May this year, the single biggest win by a British player stood at £170m - which was won by an anonymous ticket holder in October 2019. That all changed when Joe and Jess Thwaite became the country's biggest-ever National Lottery winners after scooping the £184,262,899.10 jackpot in the EuroMillions draw held on May 10, 2022. The now extremely rich pair won with a Lucky Dip ticket - meaning they didn’t even choose their own lucky numbers. Mr Thwaite said "he didn't know what to do" when he saw how much they had won. Playing EuroMillions is easy, and the literal payoff could be huge. You can play via the National Lottery’s website or app, or you can buy your ticket at your local newsagents, petrol stations, post offices and supermarkets. All you need to do is choose five numbers from one to 50, and two Lucky Stars from one to 12, or opt for a Lucky Dip. Tonight's National Lottery EuroMillions winning numbers are: 03, 10, 13, 42 and 49. The Lucky Stars are: 03 and 09. If luck doesn’t play out for the big jackpot, additional opportunities are still there to win smaller prizes. There are 13 ways to win in the main draw, from a free Lucky Dip to larger cash prizes. With every ticket, you'll also be entered into the Millionaire Maker draw, which will turn the lucky ticket holder into a millionaire if their raffle code is picked.