Manchester United legend Gary Neville thinks the return of Steve McClaren can be beneficial for Erik ten Hag. The 61-year-old previously worked under Sir Alex Ferguson at Old Trafford. And he worked wonders at their training ground, playing a key role behind the scenes as the club won the treble back in 1999. It was confirmed last month that Ten Hag would be the new manager of United, having impressed John Murtough and Darren Fletcher during the interview process. And McClaren will now work under the Dutchman, with the duo previously aligning at FC Twente. The 61-year-old previously worked under Ferguson and was a key ally to the Scot before venturing into management himself. McClaren did well with Middlesbrough and FC Twente, but endured troublesome spells at the likes of Newcastle, Queens Park Rangers and the England national team. But Neville, speaking to club media, has now expressed a belief the return of McClaren can be beneficial to Ten Hag. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “I think Ten Hag comes as a successful coach, a coach that’s won, a coach that’s got belief and knows how to build an idea,” he said. “I think he does need someone alongside him on the side of the pitch that can tell him about different stadiums, referees, different things that happen culturally in England around matches. “Steve McClaren’s got vast experience, not just at Manchester United but obviously in English football.” And he added: “I see Steve’s role, to be fair, as more akin to what Brian Kidd did with Pep Guardiola for many years. “I’ve done quite a lot of City games over the years [for television] and just that little voice that says ‘look Pep, you’re at this ground today, this is what it’s like’ and it’s just that type of advice that ultimately the new manager will need. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “[Erik]’s got Darren Fletcher there as well and there are other people at the club who have experience as well but it does seem like a new beginning, there is a lot of turnover of people, people leaving, a new start. “I think, off the back of the last 12 months, it’s imperative that happens.” McClaren was asked about his return to United in midweek. And he opened up on his first week back by saying: "The last seven days have epitomised his attention to details, all the planning which he wants to get right. "And that's from the day after he won the championship with Ajax, he's on to the next thing; a little bit like Sir Alex Ferguson used to do. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “But we just want to support Erik and make him successful and, if he is, then the team is. "Erik finished his last game [at Ajax], came to London where I met him and Mitchell [van der Gaag] and John Murtough and together we spent five or six days including [Monday] with the press. “So we have spent the last week working. "The work ethic and the attention to detail has just been exemplified in the last seven days where he's practically met every member of staff who he is going to work very closely with and in detail has worked out the plan - what each person's job is. "It's not just exciting going back to Manchester United, it's exciting working with Erik again. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “And after a week with Mitchell [van der Gaag], a very, very good coach, and hopefully together, along with the staff and John Murtough also has been a fantastic help in the process, we can begin middle of June when [the] players come back. "It's a new beginning. I know Erik is looking forward to it and I certainly am. “It was great to catch up with him over the last seven days and bond again and hopefully make a great team off the field that will, ultimately, produce one on the field." Whether Ten Hag can succeed at United remains to be seen. But he’s confident in his abilities as a coach and is fully aware of the size of the task in hand at Old Trafford.