Wrecking Ball singer Miley Cyrus, whose father is country and western legend Billy Ray Cyrus, has opened up about the very unusual communication style the pair share with one another. "Every time I coordinate and kind of communicate with Dolly, it's still through fax," she explained. Miley was discussing the relationship she has with her 76-year-old godmother during an interview on the Late Night With Seth Meyers Show for US TV. "I don't know what she's talking about. She's rarely on the phone," she elaborated. "Well, we do use the phone but she does a fax and then someone scans the fax, and then they put it into a text message, and then that gets sent to me and it's always signed." The long and drawn out procedure hasn't deterred Miley from trying out her own vintage communication techniques, however. READ NOW: Jane Fonda cheekily spills who her 'favourite ex-husband' is She also revealed that she now aspires to produce letters with a typewriter. "I've started to try and make my own letters [for her] because there's something so amazing just about a connection," she said. "It's just not casual. You know that she took the time to get out, I guess, her typewriter." In the past, the pair have even taken their real lives onscreen, after Dolly appeared as "Aunt Dolly" in the Disney sitcom Hannah Montana when Miley was a youngster. She was overawed at how glamorous her godmother looked at the time. "I was only 15, I had zit cream all over my face and my pajamas were on and we all had our backpacks going to school," Miley recalled on the Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon. "And she came in a pink silk robe, and her hair barely could fit through the doorway." While Dolly may not have a smartphone or social media, and seems not to write her own text messages, she is still Miley's role model when it comes to high-octane glamour and sparkle. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [DEBATE] Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video [LATEST] Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes [INSIGHT] The star continued: "[There was] one of those proud moments where when people started saying, ‘So you call her Aunt Dolly, is that your real aunt?’ and she said she’d reply, 'Yes, she is!'" The episodes introduced Dolly to a new generation too, and she would start to get recognition from children wherever she went. "Little kids just see me in the street and just point, ‘Aunt Dolly!’ or ‘Hi, Aunt Dolly!’ — and it’s just been so cute," she told Great American Country at the time. Miley and the 9 To 5 singer have even performed together in the past, including when Miley joined her onstage at 17 for a performance of her 1973 hit Jolene. Meanwhile, longtime singing legend Dolly has also praised Miley's song-writing skills, dubbing her a "little Elvis". The affection between the pair is clear to see - and it all stemmed from the great friendship she enjoys with her father. "When she was born, [Billy Ray] said, ‘You just have to be her godmother,’ and I said, ‘I accept,'" she explained on Good Morning America. "We never did do a big ceremony, but I'm so proud of her, love her and she's just like one of my own.”