Sam Ryder, 32, shared a touching moment with Switzerland’s Marius Bear, 29, after he received zero points for his song, Boys Do Cry, in the televoting. The exchange was captured while the performers awaited the results in the crowd. In a clip shared to Eurovision’s official Instagram story, Marius clutched onto Sam and looked emotional as he leant his head on the Brit's shoulder.  Sam held onto Marius in a tight embrace and reassuringly rubbed his head.The SPACE MAN singer then kissed Marius on the cheek before placing his hands on the tearful Swiss’ shoulders and appearing to say something that would raise his spirits.The sweet moment has been shared on social media and many have praised Sam for his kind gesture. READ MORE:Katie Piper has concerned call from bank after 'depressed' behaviour Lucinda said: “Another reason that Sam Ryder is brilliant! Comforting Marius Bear after he received nul points.”Henrietta praised: “Very sporting, well done to him.”Kurt penned: “We all felt so bad for Bear when it was announced that he would be awarded zero points for a song he wrote. Crushing. Good on Ryder to spread the love.”And Danielle gushed: “Seeing this this morning made me well up. What a beautiful soul.” Marius reached 17th place in the contest while Sam took the UK to second place with his amazing performance of SPACE MAN.The UK lost out to Ukraine’s Kalesh Orchestra who secured first place with their folk-rap song, Stefania.  Sam’s success gave the UK its best result since 1998, when Imaani came second with Where Are You.The country has not been in the top 10 since Jade Ewen’s It’s My Time came fifth in 2009. DON'T MISSAmanda Holden risks wardrobe malfunction as she flashes bra in Paris[PICTURES]Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39[LATEST]Julie Andrews emotionally returns to Sound of Music set after 50 years[INSIGHT] The UK also came last in both the 2019 and 2021 contests.Sam was elated following last night’s victory and said he believes his success is a sign of things to come.Speaking after the event, Sam told BBC: “This is the tip of an iceberg.“The UK is going to be a force next year. "It's gonna be mad."Prime Minister Boris Johnson has taken the time to praise Sam and congratulate Ukraine for their win.He tweeted: “Congratulations to Ukraine for winning the Eurovision Song Contest 2022. It is a clear reflection of not just your talent, but of the unwavering support for your fight for freedom.  “Incredibly proud of Sam Ryder and how he brilliantly represented the UK tonight.”