The long bank holiday weekend will see shops and services across the country operate with reduced hours. While Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee will be the main event, everyday errands such as taking a trip to the post office will still be necessary for many of us. So when exactly will post offices be open over the June bank holiday? Here’s everything you need to know about Royal Mail operating times between Thursday, June 2 and Sunday, June 5, 2022. There are around 11,500 Post Office branches across the UK, the vast majority of which are run by independent Postmasters. Opening hours will vary across the bank holiday weekend and Post Offices should have posters up displaying their opening hours. Due to the bank holidays on Thursday and Friday, most branches are likely to be closed, with normal hours resuming on Saturday, June 4. READ MORE: Harry was 'impeccable' with Camilla - now 'all bets could be off'  A Post Office spokesperson said: "Branch opening hours will vary across the Jubilee weekend and posters should be displayed with opening and closing times. "We advise customers to check the social media pages for their local branch or visit the Post Office branch finder which will show the nearest Post Offices. "There are 114 branches, typically in city centres, that are directly managed by Post Office. These will be closed on the Bank Holidays and on Sunday." Most branches are usually open from 9am to 5.30pm Monday to Friday, and until 12.30pm on Saturday.  While some sites will remain open, the Communication Workers Union (CWU) has confirmed that nationwide strikes will also take place in the middle of the long weekend, affecting the hours of some stores. According to the Post Office, the strike action will affect directly managed branches across the country, with walk-outs planned for Saturday June 4. These branches will also be closed "for certain" on Thursday, Friday and Sunday over the Jubilee weekend. The planned strikes are the union’s response to a recent dispute over pay for Post Office workers. Andy Furey, CWU assistant secretary, said: “Our members do not want to be in this situation, but they won't accept humiliation either. "We thank the public for their understanding and support, and we urge the Post Office to get round the table and thrash out a real settlement that treats key worker heroes with the respect they deserve." DON'T MISS:Energy crisis: British Gas to offer new lifeline to thousands [INSIGHT]Royal Mail set to increase costs of letters and parcels [REVEAL]Horror as Royal Mail postman caught kicking helpless dog [ANALYSIS] In addition to some closures, Royal Mail has confirmed that there will be no deliveries or collections on Thursday, June 2 or Friday, June 3. This applies to England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. Collections and deliveries will resume as normal from Saturday, June 4. Post Office opening hours and Royal Mail services are not expected to be affected by national holidays until the next bank holiday on Monday, August 29.