Matchroom chairman Eddie Hearn has confirmed enquiries have already been made regarding a possible clash between Conor McGregor and Jake Paul on the same card that Katie Taylor (21-0) and Amanda Serrano (42-2-1) have their rematch. However, the promoter has raised doubts as to whether a fight between the former pair will ever materialise. Less than a week has passed since 'KT' retained her WBA, WBC, IBF and WBO lightweight titles with a split-decision victory over Serrano, who is managed by Paul's Most Valuable Promotions. The first women's boxing match to headline Madison Square Garden went down as an instant classic, with both fighters in favour of squaring off again. A cross-combat collision between UFC star McGregor and YouTuber-turned-boxer Paul involves more hurdles, however. Specifically, Hearn identified the tensions between UFC president Dana White and Nakisa Bidarian—Paul's business partner and co-founder of Most Valuable Promotions—as a likely sticking point. "Nakisa mentioned it [a fight between McGregor and Paul] to me," he recalled to Ariel Helwani during a recent appearance on The MMA Hour. "He said 'What about Taylor-Serrano 2 and Conor McGregor against Jake Paul same night?' READ MORE WBC outline stance on Tyson Fury's heavyweight title amid retirement claim  "Obviously, Conor and Jake's huge, and so is Taylor-Serrano," added Hearn. "It's probably better over two cards, but it's a hell of a night. But I just can't see Conor, and ultimately Dana. . .I mean Dana's really not going to do a deal with Jake Paul." Host Helwani interjected to affirm Hearn's comments regarding the frosty relationship between White and Bidarian, who once served as the UFC's chief financial officer. White even went so far as to describe Bidarian as "a scumbag" while responding to Paul's allegation that he uses cocaine in January. DON'T MISS Jake Paul baffled as Eddie Hearn rows with him and says he'll 'never be world-class' Muhammad Ali's grandson Nico Ali Walsh manages brutal knockout win then does 'Ali Shuffle' Eddie Hearn claims Anthony Joshua would beat Tyson Fury despite Dillian Whyte KO McGregor, 33, is currently on the comeback trail after breaking his leg last July when he suffered a second straight defeat to Dustin Poirier. Rising star Khamzat Chimaev recently joined the list of UFC fighters calling out the Dubliner, though it remains unclear as to what lies in his immediate future. As for Taylor, 'The Bray Bomber' is all up for another meeting with Serrano after making history in New York last Saturday. “A rematch would be absolutely phenomenal," she said. "If it was in Dublin, we could sell out Croke Park. We’ve seen something special here tonight, but imagine fighting in front of 80,000 or 90,000 people at Croke Park. Absolutely that can happen." McGregor has long spoken of his desire to fight once more in front a home Dublin crowd, with a boxing rematch against Floyd Mayweather even touted in the past. White may be more hesitant to allow him another UFC hiatus in order to face Paul, but there's also a sense a deal is always on the cards as long as the numbers are right.