Last month it was revealed Prime Minister Boris Johnson was fined by the Metropolitan Police Force for a breach of lockdown rules. The development stalled what had appeared to be green shoots of recovery in the PM’s approval score with the public. His most recent rating has shown that his popularity is starting to plunge once more, handing the initiative to Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer. According to YouGov, Mr Johnson’s current approval rating stands at 26 percent - correct as of May 5. The score is three percentage points lower than what he had previously managed in April. In comparison, the number of people who think he’s doing “badly” in his role as PM grew by three percentage points to 68 percent. READ MORE: Starmer U-turn - Labour leader hints he'll quit even if not fined  Between March and April, the PM's score had started to stagnate somewhat, falling from 30 to 29 percent. The research for Mr Johnson’s April rating was conducted before it was revealed he had been fined for attending an illegal gathering at Downing Street. During its survey, the company asked participants: “Do you think that Boris Johnson is doing well or badly as Prime Minister?” Each person could then answer either ‘well’, ‘badly’, or ‘don’t know’.  The number of individuals who gave the final option as their answer remained fixed at six percent. In total, between 1,623 and 3,326 British adults were surveyed as part of the research. Prior to last month, Mr Johnson had been riding a wave of momentum that had seen his approval rating grow from 22 percent (January) to 30 percent (March). When the PM’s rating increased to 25 percent in February, it was the first time since May 6, 2021, that his score had not sunk lower than the previous month.  DON'T MISS:  Brexit: Britain set to tear up Northern Ireland Protocol [INSIGHT]Boris hits back at Liverpool manager Klopp for DEFENDING booing [NEWS]Consumers face 'energy bill SHOCK' in direct debit payments [ANALYSIS] Between April and May Sir Keir’s score increased by three percentage points to 30 percent. The rating is the first time in three months that his popularity with the public has not dipped and coincides with a positive showing for Labour at the local elections. In contrast, the number of people who disapprove of the Labour leader was unmoved at 53 percent.  Sir Keir is currently himself the subject of an investigation by Durham Police for an alleged breach of lockdown rules. The probe relates to an event in April 2021, when he had curry and beer at an MP's office during an election campaign visit. He has insisted rules were not broken at the event and said he will quit if given a fine by the force for breaking lockdown rules. 