Car dealers around the UK are buying and selling thousands of cars that should have been written off after accidents, putting drivers in danger and making it incredibly difficult to find out the true history of a vehicle. The issue is occurring when rather than being handed one of the correct categorisations after damage has been reported, such as Cat N or Cat S, the cars are simply sold on without labelling. This week, Express.co.uk reported on one unlucky couple who paid £15,000 for a "nearly-new" car with only 56 miles on it from a dealership, only to find that it had previously been in an accident. It took them over two years to prove this was the case, during which they paid finance every month on the car while it sat unused on their driveway. And readers reacted in horror at the practice, with many revealing their own stories of unscrupulous dealerships. READ MORE: Pensioner hit with £170 fine after parking row Commenter ‘Renzopasollini’ wrote: “Any dealer found guilty of this should be fined so high that they are put out of business.” ‘Cosmicrocker’ asked: “Surely the insurance companies should be responsible for making sure that any unfit cars are properly disposed of and do not re-enter the second-hand car market? “MP's need to make sure the insurance companies are made responsible for the destruction of unsafe cars that they have classified as written off.” ‘Bobby53’ commented: “And this is why I would NEVER buy a car of one of those company's that sell online, and tell you that you can have your money back in 10 days if not satisfied with the car, I want to see it, I want to have a test drive, I would never ever buy a car unseen.” ‘LeeU’ advised: “Always, ALWAYS pay the deposit on a credit card. That way you can just make the credit card company sort it out.” ‘PFD’ added: “There are lots of crooks out there looking for easy money, all they need is to find the right sucker. “These people are getting ripped off for thousands and these dodgy dealers are walking free instead of facing JAIL. They are placing peoples lives on the line for a quick deal.” ‘Truebrit’ said they believed the responsibility laid with other parties too, writing: “The finance company are equally responsible for the road worthiness of the car. “If the dealer won't sort it out then go for the finance company.” ‘Ohtukei’ added: “Looks like there's a lot of dodgy things going on. 1. Why is an unqualified engineer assessing the car? 2. Why is the insurance company allowed to commit fraud in broad daylight by not categorising the car correctly in order they can procure a better value? 3. Which government authority is supposed to look into these or are we going to be confronted with cross finger pointing. If somebody died due to an unsafe car being resold, will we be hearing the usual 'lesson learned' with nothing being learned?” ‘Bristolboy7’ pointed out that not all cars that need repairing should be off the road however, writing: “Car SOS and other programmes demonstrate that cars can be resurrected from scrap - if done properly. “These cars have to pass an MOT when due the same as any other vehicle. “The issue is not the vehicle, it's the description. At the right price, a rebuilt car is no more dangerous than an undamaged one but because most people would not buy one, the price would be much lower.” ‘Johnjohnson5’ said simply: “Dodgy dealers have always been around and in 2022 they still exist, why is anyone surprised?”