Filming for the fifth season of Yellowstone is currently underway, and fans can expect to see new episodes hitting screens before the end of the year. Now an official release date has finally been confirmed, star of the Paramount Network series Cole Hauser has given viewers their first tease on his personal Instagram page. Cole and his A-list co-star Kevin Costner have both confirmed Yellowstone is back in action with their latest Instagram posts. In the Rip Wheeler star’s latest update, he posted a new behind-the-scenes snap of the show’s sweeping Montana location. He captioned the post: “Hey old friend… missed ya!” Kevin’s page, @kevincostnermodernwest, stirred up even more hype by confirming the series’ next premiere date, Sunday November 13. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan With filming taking place throughout the summer, it will only be a matter of months before fans get to see the next chapter of the Duttons’ shocking family epic. As with previous instalments, it’s expected season five will comprise of 10 episodes, with both Jen Landon and Kathryn Kelly receiving promotions to series regulars. In the meantime, fans have been anticipating the series’ return by showing Cole and Kevin their appreciation in the comments of their latest posts. On Cole’s update, @therealbriankeith replied: “Szn 5 is going to be absolutely bonkers!” (sic) And stoicmind22 commented: “Big sky country! Can’t wait for the next season. I don’t watch much TV and my brother kept hounding me about Yellowstone. “He passed a few days before this last Christmas and of course I started watching the show and it’s incredible. You do a hell of a job. Very moving.” And mardim1977 said: “Beautiful view. So excited for the November premiere of S5!!” Meanwhile, Kevin’s post was filled to the brim with fans tagging their friends to spread the word of Yellowstone’s imminent return. DON'T MISS:Why Sally Rooney 'wasn't as involved' in Normal People follow-up [INTERVIEW]NCIS LA's Katya star inundated with tributes as she leaves role [UPDATE]Bling Empire’s Chèrie Chan speaks out on exit [INSIGHT] His caption reads: “I hope y’all are ready for another wild ride.” @zombiesailorstoys wrote: “Alexa: set countdown timer for Yellowstone season five.” “YES!!! Can't wait!!” @kathy_l_erdman exclaimed. And @risataylor10 said: “I was born ready.” While @thegreylady42 joked: “Thank God, now my dad will stop asking me when it comes back on.” Over the last few years, Yellowstone has become a major hit for Paramount, with the fourth season’s premiere and finale episodes breaking ratings records for the network. It’s now one of the USA’s most popular primetime dramas and is once again expected to draw in huge numbers when the next highly anticipated premiere finally drops in November. Season five will have some competition this year, however, as it begins the same night as Paramount’s new flagship series starring Sylvester Stallone, Tulsa King. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network. Seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock in the USA and seasons 1-3 will premiere on Paramount Plus in the UK later this year.