Queen Elizabeth II, 96, is gearing up to lead the nation in her Platinum Jubilee celebrations next week. A special bank holiday of events marks the Queen’s 70 years on the throne – longevity that no other British monarch has achieved. Ahead of the royal milestone, a royal historian has weighed up the positives and negatives of Her Majesty’s historic reign. Dr Ed Owens is a former university lecturer and an expert on the House of Windsor, who authored the book, ‘The Family Firm: Monarchy, Mass Media and the British Public, 1932-1953’. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he praised the Queen’s leadership of the Royal Family, but also claimed that she is “not always a very good judge of character”. He said: “I don’t think any journalist has really held up a magnifying glass to scrutinise her personality and the positive decisions she's made as well as the negative decisions. “I would go so far as to say – and I say this tentatively – that the Queen isn't always a very good judge of character. “I think there are two very striking examples that we can look to. “She would have consented to Prince Andrew using Buckingham Palace for the now-infamous ‘Newsnight’ interview, where he sought to categorically clear his name. JUST IN: Royal protocol blasted as 'load of nonsense' following Kate's Top Gun premiere mishap “Then more recently, we saw how the Queen gave Andrew a prominent role at the memorial service held in honour of her late husband, the Duke in Edinburgh.” Andrew stepped down from his royal duties in 2019 amid the fallout from his disastrous interview with the BBC’s ‘Newsnight’, referred to by Dr Owens. The Queen’s son chatted to the journalist Emily Maitlis about his friendship with the convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Given Andrew no longer carries out engagements, he was recently sidelined from the Jubilee balcony appearance the royals will make to watch Trooping the Colour next week. The Duke of York’s absence is due to the occasion only being for “working royals” – Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will also not be there. This year, one of Epstein’s accusers, Virginia Giuffre, accused Andrew of sexually assaulting her and continued her civil case against him in the US. Andrew vigorously denied the allegations throughout the case and said he had no recollection of ever meeting Ms Giuffre. Both parties agreed to settle the case in March, which formally ended the proceedings against Andrew and was not an admission by him of guilt. Later that month, the Queen then gave her son a prominent role in the memorial service to her late husband Prince Philip. The Duke walked Her majesty down the aisle at the start of the ceremony in Westminster Abbey. DON'T MISS: Michael Sheen claimed Queen 'shoved him away' during OBE event before he returned award [LATEST]Meghan Markle warned in early days of Prince Harry romance: 'Look at Diana' [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Will you celebrate Platinum Jubilee? [ANALYSIS] Dr Owens said: “We know that Prince Charles and Prince William were unhappy with this decision to give Andrew such a prominent role at the memorial service. “And I would suggest that this was a misstep on the part of the Queen. She would have okayed that decision personally. “And I think she has demonstrated an indulgence towards Andrew, who as we know, is an extremely problematic figure.” Despite the historian’s criticism of some of the Queen’s decisions, he also heaped praise on her reign as a whole and how she has kept the monarchy intact for so long. He said: “I think in her Jubilee year, clearly there is much to celebrate in terms of the fact that she's kept the monarchy going. “If you look at sort of historic precedent, so many of the great European monarchies have collapsed as a result of being unable to keep up with the times, but also things like social revolution, war.”