One new speed camera in Plymouth set up in a 20mph zone has already caught 1,100 drivers on the first day of its operation. Officials involved in the development of such speed limiting schemes say the technology is vital, urgent and life-saving. But many angry drivers have branded the cameras as a cash grab. In an eight week test period before the camera went live, over 23,500 motorists were caught out - a figure branded "troubling" by a police chief. Similar schemes are being rolled out all over the UK, to combine with a raft of new 20mph zones in towns and residential areas. Alex Kindred, car insurance expert at Confused.com, said: “Our research shows that almost four in five (79 percent) drivers admit to having broken the speed limit at some point. READ MORE: Maximum driving age plans for elderly motorists are 'unfair' “Although some motorists might feel that speed limits are an inconvenience, they're there to ensure our roads are safe for all - particularly in areas with narrow roads, schools, and hospitals. "If caught speeding, motorists could land themselves with a ticket, points on their licence or even be asked to attend a speed awareness course. “If you're faced with a fine, there's a chance that it could be calculated based on your salary so it could be heftier than you first think. "Obeying speed limits in your area will help to keep all road users safe. DON'T MISSDriver loses licence and livelihood after going 6mph over speed limit [SHOCKING]Van driver handed £275 fine after London ULEZ mistake [OUTRAGEOUS]Electric car charger downtime could cost businesses over £90k a year [INSIGHT] "Obeying speed limits in your area will help to keep all road users safe. “If you're unsure about the rules of the road when it comes to cameras and speed limits, our guide on speeding FAQs can help.” In reaction to the news, many Express.co.uk readers were furious and debated whether these cameras should remain in operation. One Express.co.uk commenter, using the nickname reddemocrat, questioned: “How are they going to catch the E scooters and bikes that can do more than 20 mph? “Oh don't worry about it as it's just another tax on the motorist!!!” Another, Willowbrae, claimed: “The whole of central Edinburgh is now 20 mph. “You spend most of your time looking at the speedo instead of looking out for pedestrians and cyclists.” A third commenter, Swaggsy, claimed: “The consults on these schemes are based on ‘perception’. “The respondents are asked loaded questions, the answers are obvious and the councils can go on this. “There may have been no deaths or accidents ever in the areas. “It’s shoddy, snidey, nasty and corrupt. A very Blair style approach. “These people are dictators and should be bloody well removed so we can have councils that actually leave people alone and they do their jobs.” According to the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (RoSPA), a 20mph zone can reduce injury accidents by 60 percent and child injury accidents by 67 percent. When they were first launched in 1990, road safety publicity messages were being run, with one of the most notable being the “Kill your speed, not a child” campaign. The lower speed limits are now being trialled around the country, including Birmingham, that hopes that it could reduce road traffic collisions by eight percent.