Aries is the first sign of the zodiac, and when the Moon is transiting this sign, it’s often a good day to start something. Spirited Aires speeds up instinctual reactions and you might feel particularly punchy. Today’s energy promotes a good atmosphere for taking the lead; use it to set an example through inspiring, purposeful action. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for May 26. While the Aries Moon might lead to more bold and focused decisions, today’s Mercury-Venus semi-sextile can subtly contrast the more fixed emotions with a “logical and playful approach”. Cafe Astrology said: “With this influence, it’s too easy to say things we don’t mean or feel. “However, while we may not be especially focused today, we’re adaptable and making an effort to understand one another.” As the day draws on, we’ll edge slightly closer to a Venus-Pluto square. READ MORE: Interior designer shares ‘clever tricks’ to make rooms feel larger  This transit can be prone to thwarting personal plans and ambitions can feel more at odds, which can cause tension. Cafe Astrology said: “There can be obstacles to clear as we wrestle with our fears. “This transit can accentuate or stimulate our insecurities, bringing suspicions and jealousies to the surface. “Jealous and possessive feelings are directly proportional to fear of losing something or someone.”  This planet positioning can inject a concentrated dose of suspicion into the atmosphere, causing tensions and intensities to stir in social interactions. You might feel slightly more sensitive, and provocation might come a little easier to you. However, Cafe Astrology said: “What works us up can be very revealing to those on a self-discovery journey.” So pay close attention to the unexpected emotions that might surface and dig a bit deeper into “why”. DON'T MISS: Apollo 11 photos auctioned as NASA plots Moon return [PICTURES]Moon breakthrough as vast ‘slabs' of ice could provide water for astro [INSIGHT]‘Easy tips’ to keep fresh flowers ‘blooming’ for longer [EXPLAINED]    The void Moon occurs from 4.20am BST, with the Moon’s last aspect before changing signs - a square to Pluto, until it enters Taurus tomorrow at 7.23am. Expect intense emotions to level out, as Taurus energy can bring stability and tranquillity to the stormiest seas. As a sign keen on building security, this sign comes at the perfect time to help consolidate any progress you might have made over the past few days during the Aires Moon transit.  Astrology Tv said: “Often the Taurus Moon is a good time for hard work and solid background efforts. “These lunar energies are productive and creative, but it’s not easy to start new things under a Taurus Moon transit; Taurus is a fixed zodiac sign after all.” Taurus transits are conducive to sustained, long-term efforts, so don’t expect any quick fixes. 