As images of Boris Johnson raising a glass at a gathering at Downing Street were leaked on Monday, it was revealed Grant Shapps would be appearing on Good Morning Britain to defend the Prime Minister. Host Susanna Reid joked Shapps was also the MP who appeared on the show when the Tory party faced problems. Reid remarked: “Grant Shapps is the government minister, we’re going to ask him about bending and breaking rules.” “God he drew the short straw today didn’t he?” Madeley commented. Reid laughed: “You know it’s a tough day when they send Grant Shapps out. Grant Shapps, I would say he has an official title but his unofficial title I would imagine is Chief Troublshooter.” READ MORE: Piers Morgan defends Meghan and Harry during Prince Andrew row “Mr Bulletproof!” Madeley chipped in. It came after Reid and Madeley quizzed ITV News Editor Paul Brand about the confusion over how Johnson avoided a fine for breaking lockdown rules. “Rishi Sunak was fined for the birthday party but apparently he just swung by on his way to a meeting,” Reid began. “So the swinging by on your way somewhere else, that defence doesn’t hold and at least one other person has been fined for attending this particular event. “So this event cannot be a work meeting, so nobody can understand how Boris Johnson has managed to get away with this, or the other people in the picture either. “What seems remarkable Paul is that the Metropolitan Police don’t seem to have done a thorough investigation as Sue Gray has. “Bearing in mind we still don’t know what’s in the Sue Gray report but these photographs or similar are aren’t they?” “Yes and the Liberal Democrats are actually calling for the police watchdog to look into the Metropolitan Police’s investigation to see if they carried it out in the right way,” Brand replied. DON'T MISS...Sinn Fein chief has tense exchange in unified Ireland probe [VIDEO]GMB viewers rage at Simon Clarke's 'laughable excuses' for Johnson [WATCH]GMB host Charlotte Hawkins dazzles in red as she flashes the flesh [PICTURES] “I’m not sure that will get anywhere this morning. Lawyers are also asking for a judicial review, a court battle over the Met Police’s investigation to see if it was rigorous enough. “This all comes back to us not getting any answers from the Metropolitan Police, I phoned them several times yesterday, I emailed them several times yesterday, I asked them, I put all these questions to them and said, ‘Please come back to me with some answers,’ and they have point blank refused to do that. “In fact they’ve only done a handful of interviews throughout this saga and they’ve said they will not comment on individual cases within this whole scandal. “We’re just not getting any answers on any of that. “They do say though the Chancellor was fined when he swung by the Cabinet Office for the birthday cake. “Again, it all comes down to the nitty gritty of does it count as part of your working day if you know you have to give your speech to you departing aide because you’re the boss.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.