The Good Samaritan felt sorry for Mathew Green after witnessing him begging on the street. Offering to cook him a meal, he invited him back to his house.  But Green chose to repay the kind gesture by burgling, stealing and attempting to rob the victim, reports Derbyshire Live. Derby Crown Court heard how Green prodded the victim with a knife and frogmarched him to a cashpoint after demanding cash. The 33-year-old also broke into his home and stole a gold bracelet and a laptop. In a victim impact statement, the man said he no longer trusts people and struggles with sleeping since the incidents. Handing Green a four-and-a-half year jail sentence, Judge Shaun Smith QC said: "What you did was particularly nasty and spiteful because all (the victim) was doing was trying to help you. "He felt sorry for you as you were asking for money and he went way, way beyond that and offered to make you a meal. "You repaid that by stealing from him and I am sure he felt particularly sickened by that but not as sickened as what you did a few days later when he woke in bed at 3.30am to find you stealing from him. "What a terrible situation for a Good Samaritan to find himself in and no doubt he is no longer a Good Samaritan to those who do need help." Sarah Slater, prosecuting, said Green approached the victim outside Holme Hall shopping centre, in Chesterfield, on February 28, 2022. She said the defendant was asking people for money and the complainant felt sorry for him and asked him if he wanted to come back to his for a hot meal. The prosecutor said: "He repaid that by stealing a mobile phone and a debit card going to the local Co-op and spending £28 on it. "Then, on March 9, at 3.30am, the victim was in bed and heard someone coming into his flat and realised it was this person. "He saw him put a laptop into a rucksack and asked him why he was taking it. "That is where his behaviour escalated and he became aggressive towards the victim, starting to make demands. "He went to the kitchen, got a knife and started prodding the vicitim with it. "He (the victim) felt he had no choice and went to the bank, or ATM (cashpoint)." Green, of no fixed address, pleased guilty to burglary, theft, fraud and attempted robbery. William Bennett, mitigating, said: "He did not get tooled up and charge into the property. "Why did he do it? "An explanation and not an excuse, he was homeless, he started to mix with people who smoke crack cocaine and Mamba and he started doing this himself. "He was living a chaotic lifestyle and had an addiction to crack cocaine. "He knows he is going to get a lengthy sentence and the only thing he wants me to do is apologise to the victim."