Wolves star Adama Traore could well return to the club in January after manager Bruno Lage admitted he would be open to reintegrating the Spaniard back into his squad following his loan move to Barcelona in January. A move to Catalonia came about in the winter transfer window after long-term admirers Tottenham failed to agree a fee with Wolves for the pacy wide-man. Antonio Conte was reportedly interested in the former Middlesbrough star, but a deal could not be completed despite only £20million being touted for his services. Traore has not played for Wolves since the winter, and it was thought that he would either stay on at Barca or finally make the switch to north London. Yet with Barcelona still having relatively large debts to battle and other areas of the squad to improve, a return to the Black Country could well beckon for Traore. And with Lage's attacking contingency likely to look bare once Francisco Trincao departs the club, Traore could well be used once again, according to the boss. “I don’t have any problem with him, he’s a good professional,” insisted Lage. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “It’s about him. There are a lot of things in question and we need to understand what is best for the club and what is best for the player. If he starts the season with us, it’s one more player. He would need to work hard and I am here to help him to be better.” Traore has not started a La Liga game in over two months and has not even featured in Barcelona's last two games. And boss Xavi alluded to the fact that Ferran Torres and Ousmane Dembele - who are both tied down permanently at the Nou Camp - are currently producing better form than Traore, meaning their development will be served better by playing. “We will make a decision as soon as we know the situation of the team," Xavi said. "It is true that he played well when he came, but he is competing with Ferran [Torres] and [Ousmane] Dembele. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag "When Adama was in better form than Dembele, he was playing. We make our choices based on every match." Wolves currently sit eighth in the Premier League, a steady improvement on last year's 13th-placed finish. And with the return of Traore amongst the signings of other stars, they may look to break into the top six for the first time since promotion.