Sam and her nine relatives waited two hours for takeoff after boarding a plane from Manchester Airport to Cape Verde in Africa on May 16. The 36-year-old originally booked the holiday in 2019, but it was postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic. On May 16, Sam and her family arrived at Manchester Airport with plenty of time, checked into their flight and boarded the plane. After all the passengers were seated, Sam claims they received an announcement from the pilot informing them they'd have to sit on the tarmac for two hours as the flight hadn't been serviced properly. What should have been a six-hour flight turned into an eight-hour flight, which was uncomfortable for her young niece and cousin, who is 6ft 3. Sam claims when she arrived at the hotel, she spoke to many other TUI passengers who said they had faced "identical" delays when travelling on morning flights with the holiday company. After the initial delay, and when preparing to fly back on Monday, Sam said the airline texted her to say their return flight would also be delayed by two hours. TUI's message stated this was because of the inbound flight being held up, but still recommended checking in at the same time. Sam, who travelled with her four-year-old niece, told the Manchester Evening News: "We have all really enjoyed ourselves but it feels like TUI have let us down. "We booked this holiday in 2019 so we have waited years for this. "My niece was really excited to go. We were a bit worried that six hours was going to be quite a long flight but we definitely hadn't factored in having to spend two hours sitting on the plane. "Speaking to other holidaymakers at the hotel it sounds like it's been a reoccurring problem. When I checked the previous two Monday mornings the delays were exactly the same. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'Not what we voted for' furious Farage pinpoints After the initial delay, and when preparing to fly back on Monday, Sam said the airline texted her to say their return flight would also be delayed by two hours. TUI's message stated this was because of the inbound flight being held up, but still recommended checking in at the same time. Sam, who travelled with her four-year-old niece, told the Manchester Evening News: "We have all really enjoyed ourselves but it feels like TUI have let us down. "We booked this holiday in 2019 so we have waited years for this. "My niece was really excited to go. We were a bit worried that six hours was going to be quite a long flight but we definitely hadn't factored in having to spend two hours sitting on the plane. "Speaking to other holidaymakers at the hotel it sounds like it's been a reoccurring problem. When I checked the previous two Monday mornings the delays were exactly the same. "We finally left at about 11.30am so it was around eight hours on the plane in total. My cousin is 6ft 3inches so it wasn't very comfortable at all. "Now we have already got the text message this morning to say our return flight has been delayed but we’ve been told we have to get to the airport at the same time which is going to cost a fortune. "Our flight should be 14.45pm but it’s now been pushed back to 16.45pm so it’s that same two-hour delay again. It’s a very small airport and there are 10 of us. All we’ve been told is to keep checking our app. The TUI reps at the hotel don’t know anything. "We were meant to land at 10.50pm tonight and I keep seeing all the issues with baggage reclaim at Manchester Airport. We aren’t going to land until after 1am now and then by the time we’ve got our baggage and got home it will be gone 3am and I’ve got work tomorrow. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Compassionate' Meghan urged to visit sick dad Royal latest as Queen makes more appearances ahead of Jubilee Russian pundits' swipes backfire as Moscow handed dire forecast "I don’t want to come across that I am moaning because it has been a brilliant holiday. It is just a disappointment." A spokesperson for TUI said: "We would like to apologise for the inconvenience to our customers travelling with us on holidays to Boa Vista, Cape Verde, from Manchester over the past week. "We can confirm that both the outbound flight on Monday 16 May and the return flight on Monday 23 May were impacted by delays due to operational issues. "We understand delays can be frustrating and we continue to work hard to minimise any risk of disruption to our flying programme. We would like to thank passengers for their patience and understanding at this time."