PETA has re-written several classic nursery rhymes to remove any implication of harming animals. The animal rights group has been widely criticised in the past by vegans and non-vegans alike for bizarre and seemingly unnecessary campaigns which undermine animal rights, as well as for actually failing to treat animals well in their own facilities. In the blog post announcing the updated nursery rhymes, PETA argue that in the same way old songs and fairytales have been changed to replace language that is sexist, racist and insensitive, nursery rhymes also need to be updated to remove language which “encourages cruelty to animals”. Peta said: "Attitudes toward animals have changed a lot in the hundreds of years since many nursery rhymes were written. "And in the same way old songs and fairy tales have been given much-needed makeovers to replace racist, sexist, and otherwise insensitive language, we should make sure nursery rhymes are relevant for kids today and don’t encourage speciesism, cruelty to animals, or fear of them. "Animals are intelligent individuals capable of joy and suffering. "They’re not ours to exploit, and our language must evolve to reflect this." The lyrics of classic nursery rhyme “baa baa black sheep” are: "Baa-baa, black sheep have you any wool? Yes sir, yes sir, three bags full." PETA instead suggests: "Baa baa black sheep can I have your wool? No sir, no sir, that's not cool." Their version ends with “No sir, no sir, that’s MY wool.” Three Blind Mice also saw suggested changes. In the original version, the mice have their tails sliced off by the farmer’s wife, reading: “They all ran after the farmer's wife, who cut off their tails with a carving knife.” READ MORE: Nearly one-hundred deer drop dead in park horror [REVEAL] It would appear that teaching kids correct grammar was not a priority in the PETA’s updated version, which reads: “They all ran after the farmer’s wife, they told her “thank you” for saving their life.” Finally, the spider in Little Miss Muffet ends up brightening her day, instead of frightening her away. PETA has faced controversy for dramatic campaigns that many argue miss the point of animal activism, while also treating animals poorly in their own facilities. They attracted criticism for putting a naked pregnant woman in a cage on Mother’s Day to draw attention to the treatment of pigs, and have claimed that cutting dairy products from a child’s diet could cure them of autism.