Superhero series The Boys has been missing from Amazon Prime Video since 2020. Fans have been eagerly awaiting the action-fiction series' return and finally, a release date for the third outing has been announced. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about The Boys' third season. The Boys season three will premiere on Friday, June 3, on Amazon Prime Video. This season is going to consist of eight episodes in total with the first three coming out on the day of its debut. After this, a new instalment will be dropped every Friday on the streaming service. So the grand finale of The Boys season three will be out on Friday, July 8. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle Most of the regular cast members from the previous series of The Boys will be returning for season three. These include Karl Urban as Billy Butcher, Jack Quaid as Hughie Campbell, Anthony Starr as Homelander and Erin Moriarty as Starlight. Some new faces will also be welcomed to the series, including Supernatural actor Jensen Ackles as Soldier Boy who is dubbed "the original superhero". Other new characters will be Crimson Countess played by The Walking Dead's Laurie Holden and Roswell's Nick Wechsler as Blue Hawk. Yes, a trailer for season three of The Boys came out on Monday, May 16. The teaser shows Homelander (played by Anthony Starr) trying to put on a brave face in front of the news cameras. He tells everyone over and over again that he is taking time to reflect on his life and is excited for everyone to see the real him. With an uneasy false smile, it is clear to see Homelander is having a breakdown with Annie January (Erin Moriarty) stating that he has "lost his f***ing mind". DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle [REACTION]Lovestruck High cast: Who is in the cast of Amazon dating series? [CAST]Bosch Legacy: Who is newcomer Reina Vasquez? [EXPLAINER] Season three of The Boys will be dealing with the fallout at the end of series two. Homelander lost the love of his life in Stormfront (Aya Cash), an evil Nazi who was lasered to death by his son Ryan (Cameron Crovetti). With Stormfront no longer in his life, watching her die before him, has caused Homelander's disturbed mental state. But how will his breakdown play out in the third season of The Boys? Actor Starr told TV Line: "[Season three] is my favourite season. "[It's] hands down one of the most enjoyable seasons of TV I've had the good fortune of being involved with. "All I can say is I truly believe the fans are going to freak out at season three... the payoff is going to be worth the wait." "I had a great time on season two, and I thought we did something really cool there where we took it next-level in many ways from season one, and really, it's just the extension of that." The Boys season 3 premieres on Friday, June 3, on Amazon Prime Video.