From biting your cheeks to vigorous toothbrushing, there are plenty of factors that can trigger mouth ulcers. However, the sores can also point to underlying problems like a lack of vitamin B12. Considered one of the main symptoms, mouth ulcers can crop up when you are lacking the crucial vitamin. Your body needs vitamin B12 for various tasks, ranging from looking after the function of your central nervous system to keeping your blood cells healthy. When you don’t get enough of this vitamin, your body starts producing abnormally large red blood cells. While many can get enough vitamin B12 from their diet, some might not be able to absorb it or simply get enough through food. READ MORE: Cancer: Milk thistle shown to have ‘strong preventive and therapeutic efficacy’ to help This can happen because you might not be eating foods that represent a sufficient source of the vitamin. According to the NHS, “good” food sources of B12 include: As most sufficient sources of B12 are animal-derived, plant-based diet followers might be more prone to the deficiency. However, certain groceries, such as yeast extract and fortified cereals and soy products, could still offer B12.  When it comes to the symptoms of this deficiency, mouth ulcers aren’t the only sign that can crop up in your mouth. The NHS explains that you might also experience glossitis. This tell-tale sign describes a sore and red tongue, which affects up to 25 percent of sufferers. While declining oral health could be indicating the lack of vitamin B12, there are also other symptoms of this deficiency. These include: The health service urges seeing a GP if you struggle with symptoms like these. Fortunately, conditions like these can be picked up solely based on your symptoms or a blood test. The Harvard Medical School warns that vitamin B12 deficiency can be harmful if left untreated. The NHS adds: “It's important for vitamin B12 or folate deficiency anaemia to be diagnosed and treated as soon as possible. “Although many of the symptoms improve with treatment, some problems caused by the condition can be irreversible if left untreated.” The longer you leave vitamin B12 deficiency untreated, the higher your chances of permanent damage will be.