The Dutch model, who married Wimbledon champion Boris Becker in 2009, revealed on Tuesday's instalment of Piers Morgan: Uncensored she was still married to him. Boris was sentenced to two and a half years in prison on Friday for hiding £2.5m worth of assets and loans to avoid paying his debts. She appeared on the TalkTV programme to discuss his sentence but ended up confessing she still loved the sports star.   The six-time Grand Slam champion was found guilty by a jury after admitting to blowing the £38million fortune he amassed during his stellar tennis career. After being interviewed by Piers about Boris' prison sentence, Lilly claimed she was still married to him despite many people believing they were divorced after separating. She told Piers the news following their live interview and he convinced her to stay on his show to discuss the matter, and she agreed to do so. Piers told TalkTV viewers: "You may have noticed I have still got Lilly Becker with me and there is a reason for that. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue   "When the interview ended she suddenly told me, 'Actually we are not divorced, I'm still married to Boris,' and we had this extraordinary conversation. "I said we should stay here for a bit and resolve this for once and for all." Piers continued: "Everyone is saying you are divorced, but you are still very much his wife?" "I am very much his wife, his estranged wife as that may be but we are still very much married," she replied.  "We have been since we went our separate ways." When Piers asked whether Lilly wanted to get divorced from the tennis ace, she explained: "Why did you ask me that?" Piers boldly said: "Boris says you are the most intense lover he's ever had in his life." Lilly admitted: "From the beginning it was intense, it was a complete true love story. DON'T MISS...Boris Becker's ex-wife gives update on tennis icon in jail  [INTERVIEW]Becker may be set for 'prison gym instructor' role after 2.5 sentence [LATEST]Andy Murray insists Boris Becker deserved prison sentence [INSIGHT] She responded: "It's not that I don't want to get a divorce. We should handle our business at the right time." "There's no ifs and buts about it and everybody that knows us knows it." When asked whether she still loves the tennis star, Lilly said: "Of course I do." Boris star was declared bankrupt in 2017 due to an unpaid loan of more than £3million on his estate in Mallorca, Spain.  He was also convicted of hiding an €825,000 bank loan and shares in a tech firm as well as failing to declare a property in Germany. Following his retirement, Boris coached current world number one tennis player Novak Djokovic. When his career peaked, Boris' net worth was an estimated £127million, but it now reportedly sits at £800,000. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV.