Mohamed Salah has joked that Trent Alexander-Arnold is “angry” with him because he has more assists in the Premier League than his Liverpool team-mate. Salah picked up another assist as Liverpool produced a strong second-half performance to come from 2-0 down and beat Villarreal 3-2 to reach the Champions League final on Tuesday night.    It was a dramatic night for Jurgen Klopp’s side, who saw their two-goal advantage from the first leg wiped out by the hosts in the first 45 minutes. Boulaye Dia tapped in after three minutes before Francis Coquelin headed in a second to level the tie on aggregate. Klopp brought on Luis Diaz at half-time and the change helped spark Liverpool into life, with Fabinho smashing a shot through Geronimo Rulli’s legs – after a pass from Salah – to restore their lead. Diaz headed in Alexander-Arnold’s cross to make it 4-2 before Sadio Mane took advantage of some terrible goalkeeping from Rulli to make the game safe with Liverpool’s third goal. After the match, Salah was interviewed by BT Sport’s pundits on the pitch and was asked by Rio Ferdinand about his personal goals for the season. The Egyptian forward, who now has 30 goals and 15 assists in 46 games for Liverpool in 2021/22, revealed he had a specific aim for goals and assists before the campaign began. JUST IN: Salah and Jurgen Klopp disagree on preferred Liverpool final opponent  "Always. Before the season starts, I know what I want individually and collectively,” he said. “Collective is the most important thing for the team. Still below [my target]]! I have big expectations for myself. Honestly, I never said this before, but before the season I said ‘Okay, I will go for 40 goals this season and 10, 15 assists’. “Now I’ve reached the assists I need to focus on the goals now! I think now Trent is going to be angry because I have the most assists in the Premier League but I will go for everything." Salah has recorded 13 of his 15 assists this season in the Premier League and is therefore one above Alexander-Arnold, who has racked up an impressive 17 in all competitions – 12 of which have come in the league. It is this sort of competitive spirit which is helping drive Klopp’s side on towards the ultimate team goal of winning the quadruple.  DON'T MISS Virgil van Dijk details Jurgen Klopp's half-time Villarreal message Ferdinand rips into Villarreal and questions if Emery 'killed them' Ball 'didn't bounce' on Villarreal pitch test ahead of Liverpool game Liverpool won the Carabao Cup in February, are now in the finals of both the Champions League and FA Cup and sit a point behind Manchester City with four Premier League games left. The quadruple is on and Salah is hugely motivated to achieve it. "Top assists is not something really big, top goal scorer is always something really big,” he continued. “Today, when I gave the ball to Fab it changed everything. Assists count for sure, goals as well. The team is doing unbelievable so let’s hope for the best. “For sure [the quadruple is the target], for sure. Maybe not in the beginning of the season, I always focus on Champions League and Premier League, but now we are close for everything so why not? After we beat City in the semi-finals of the FA Cup [I started to think about quadruple], but even in the Champions League group stage we played amazing, we had a tough group and played amazing. I started to think we were going to win the Champions League since then." 