Meghan Markle and Prince Harry should be praised for forcing Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William to "kickstart their star quality". Royal author and historian Tessa Dunlop told True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat that Kate and William's "monumental transition" was largely down to Harry and Meghan. She had responded to royal biographer and journalist Duncan Larcombe's claim that "now we are seeing the Prince and Princess of Wales in waiting". Mr Larcombe said: "Since they celebrated their tenth wedding anniversary last year, we have seen a monumental transition of this couple. “They’ve swapped their wax jackets and walks with the dogs for tiaras, ball gowns, and velvet, and walks down the red carpet with Tom Cruise. "This is about that coming of age. We have seen Prince Charles, and now we are seeing the Prince and Princess of Wales in waiting." Ms Dunlop replied: “I think we have got to give some of the credit to Harry and Meghan because I think they forced the couple to slightly kickstart their star quality.” JUST IN: Meghan opens up on 'personal' reason she attended Texas memorial  Last week William and Kate impressed observers when they joined the red carpet for the glamorous London royal premiere of Top Gun: Maverick. Movie star Tom Cruise and legendary Hollywood producer Jerry Bruckheimer introduced the royal couple to the film's stars, including Jennifer Connolly. The remarks on The Royal Beat also come ahead of next week's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, which will see Harry and Meghan both appear alongside the entire Royal Family for the first time in two years. The Sussexes will make an appearance at the Platinum Jubilee thanksgiving service celebrating Her Majesty's 70 years on the throne next Friday.  One royal biographer, Angela Levin, told the MailOnline that the thanksgiving service will be "very stressful for the royals, especially for William and Catherine, who feel the Sussexes have badly let down the Royal Family". She added: "It will be just as frosty as the Commonwealth Service in 2020. "The brothers will look serious and I suspect Meghan's Hollywood smile will be fixed'." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry could break 'promise' to Queen [LIVE BLOG]What is wrong with God Save the Queen?’ Readers slam jubilee song [POLL]Rishi's energy bailout is right on the money [EXPRESS COMMENT]  The Queen could also have been handed a Jubilee lifeline after it emerged Prince Harry's "explosive" memoir may have been put on hold. Her Majesty "may have been relieved to hear that her grandson Prince Harry’s memoirs could have been put on hold," according to Daily Mail diary editor Richard Eden The Jubilee will be celebrated with a variety of events including Trooping the Colour and a Platinum Party at the Palace. Britons are getting an extra-long Bank Holiday weekend to celebrate the event which is taking place from June 2 to June 5. 