Tottenham could be set to welcome Inter Milan ace Ivan Perisic to the club this summer. And his arrival in north London could seal the exit of Steven Bergwijn, who new Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag reportedly admires. Spurs stepped up their pursuit of 33-year-old Perisic on Friday after Antonio Conte met with sporting director Fabio Paratici in Italy and confirmed he would continue to manage the team next season. Conte worked with Perisic at Inter and has identified the winger, who is out of contract this summer, as a key signing. Perisic will reportedly choose Spurs over Chelsea and Juventus, who are both also keen to land him and will be handed a two-year deal worth £4million a season at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Since Conte arrived in north London, the Lilywhites have enjoyed a precipitous upturn in fortunes on the pitch. And they will be playing in next season’s Champions League after the Italian guided his team to a fourth-place Premier League finish. READ MORE: Gary Neville fires shots at BT Sport over handling of Champions League fiasco   Harry Kane has returned to his best under Conte, while Son Heung-min was in the form of his life during the second half of last season. And Dejan Kulusevski, who joined Spurs from Juventus on an initial 18-month loan in January, has also proved to be a revelation in north London. But one player who has been a casualty of the Conte regime is Netherlands international Bergwijn, who has started just one Premier League game under his current boss. The 24-year-old has played 83 times for Spurs since joining them from PSV Eindhoven at the start of 2020 but is clearly not fancied by Conte. DON'T MISS Four worst Liverpool players in Champions League defeat against Madrid Liverpool demand probe into chaotic Champions League final scenes Madrid will be 'going bananas' as Ferdinand and Owen react to VAR call     Bergwijn and Perisic can both play on the left side of midfield - so the former Eredivisie star could see his minutes reduced further if the Croatian does put pen to paper on a deal at the club. And, according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, there are serious chances for Bergwijn to depart Tottenham this summer. That could be music to the ears of Ten Hag, who reportedly put the ace at the top of his wishlist ahead of his arrival at Old Trafford. United’s new manager apparently attempted to take Bergwijn to Ajax during the last three transfer windows but was unable to secure his services as the Dutch club couldn’t match his wage demands. Financial restrictions won’t be a problem in the northwest of England, however, and Ten Hag could finally get his hands on his man. And the Dutchman will be hoping his compatriot can make more of an impact for the Red Devils than he has managed in the capital if he does move to Old Trafford.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here