After joining Bravo’s Below Deck Mediterranean back in season two, Captain Sandy Yawn has remained a firm favourite among fans. During an interview on This Morning, the star told Holly Willoughby and Philip Schofield how the industry saved her life.  As one of the few female yachting captains in the industry, Sandy quickly became a beloved member of the crew as viewers watched them sail each week. After becoming a fan-favourite, she returned to the reality show each season to be in charge of the 190ft yacht alongside its crew and guests. Viewers took a liking to her after she was able to remain calm during tense situations and proved to be a good boss and mentor to the crew. Despite her friendliness, she had previously stated she wanted her team to remember she was still their boss. READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue She said: “I always want people to feel I'm approachable. “Having said that, I also need them to remember that I am in charge, and if you don't set that precedent in the beginning, then they get confused because I play a lot.” However, with over three decades of yachting experience and her dominance in the industry, Sandy shared she didn’t always have it easy. During an interview on This Morning, the Captain opened up about her past, and the mistakes she made and revealed how yachting put her on the right path.  When Phil highlighted her sobriety being the turning point, she confirmed: “That’s right, I was a mess. “That’s what’s great, the maritime industry saved my life. Obviously I got sober or I would not be doing this, I would be driving these boats off into the middle of nowhere if I was still drinking. “I got sober, my life changed beyond my wildest dreams and I never had a dream to be a yacht captain, again it fell into my lap. “I answered an ad in the paper, got a job to pay off some fines because I have a past and next thing you know I found my passion.”  DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan digs at Meghan Markle after Netflix cancellation [INSIGHT]Hannah Ferrier husband: Who is the Below Deck star married to? [BELOE DECK]Below Deck Sailing Yacht's Charles Sanders hits back at backlash [INSIGHT] Captain Sandy also credited her faith with her success and revealed it was the connection she had in common with her spouse. On the Daily Dish she shared how hard it was to be in a relationship while yachting: “It’s hard to have a relationship being a yacht captain. “And most of my friends that are yacht captains, they’ve divorced or they hook up with people in the industry.” However, through Facebook, she met gospel singer Leah Shafer and they hit it off: “She sent me a nice message that said, ‘I came across your show, congratulations, many blessings.'”  While Yawn hasn’t been open about her faith Shafer disclosed: “It was definitely unexpected. “It just happened, when you meet another soul that you connect with at such a deep level, it is unexplainable and so beautiful.” She recalled: “It was like a spiritual connection in the beginning. She has a passion for inspiring through music and the youth. And broken people and so do I coming from the gospel industry. “That’s what brought us together. And then, of course, the attraction and falling in love with a beautiful soul and knowing you want to be with someone forever. I’ve never felt that way before.” Below Deck Mediterranean is available on Bravo in the US and is available in the UK on Hayu. 