Ruben Loftus-Cheek could be offered an escape route from Chelsea this summer as Lazio are eyeing the midfielder as Sergej Milinkovic-Savic's replacement. The speculation surrounding the 26-year-old's future comes just days after Blues boss Thomas Tuchel called for Loftus-Cheek to unleash his inner "monster" in order to realise his potential. The 10-time England international has featured heavily under Tuchel this season and has so far registered 36 appearances, which include 12 Premier League starts. However, question marks remain over his long-term future at Stamford Bridge. Amid the uncertainty, Loftus-Cheek is understood to be attracting plenty of interest from a lengthy list of suitors, which reportedly include Lazio. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, the Serie A side are keen on acquiring the midfielder this summer as they eye a like-for-like replacement for Milinkovic-Savic, who appears destined to depart the Italian capital at the end of the season. Should Loftus-Cheek join the Biancoceleste, he would be reunited with Maurizio Sarri - one of his former managers who provided the midfielder with plenty of opportunities for game-time during his stint in charge of Chelsea. The report states that Loftus-Cheek, whose contract expires in the summer of 2024, is valued at around £17million, however Lazio may opt to strike a loan agreement instead. JUST IN: Lukaku proves Conte wrong as Tuchel faces Chelsea transfer call  An interesting few months await both the midfielder and his club as the Blues continue to finalise a sale in order to lift sanctions which currently restrict them from negotiating contracts and signing players. Much speculation surrounds Loftus-Cheek following comments made by his current manager in the wake of Chelsea's 1-1 draw with Manchester United last Thursday. Following the stalemate, Tuchel said of the English midfielder: "He needs to push himself to the limit; he needs to be physical. Had a bit of a shy game against Arsenal, like everyone. A calm first-half against Crystal Palace and stepped up in the second-half physically and with ball recoveries and dribbles. "Suddenly the crowd was there too. This is what we demand from him. He is a calm person. He needs to discover this monster in him and unleash this on a regular basis because it is absolutely necessary. DON'T MISS Everton receive police request over Richarlison flare incidentGuardiola responds to call for Man City to give Madrid guard of honourPulisic backed for West Ham as star told he wouldn't play at Arsenal  "It is not enough to be just on the pitch. Maybe if you regard his last years, it may seem good because he is a regular but this is not enough. We cannot let him think it is enough, he needs to constantly push himself. “We try every day and are quite successful given his development. He needs to understand how much potential he has and unleash this physical capacity on the daily." Tuchel's comments suggest the jury is still out regarding Loftus-Cheek and appear to imply doubts over whether he has what it takes to play for a club of Chelsea's stature. It is understood that the midfielder has plenty of Premier League interest, too, with the likes of Newcastle and Crystal Palace among those being linked.  