The rumours were true! Sony has just revealed its brand new WH-1000XM5 cans which will now replace the award-winning WH-1000XM4s as its most premium noise-cancelling headphones. These new music makers had been rumoured for a while but we've now got our first official glimpse at them and the most striking difference is the design. After years of the WH range looking the same, the Japanese tech giant has finally refreshed things this year with a style that appears more streamlined, curvaceous and less cluttered. Sony is also promising a supremely comfy fit with soft leather cups making things feel snug whilst not applying too much pressure to the ears. This means you should be able to wear them all day without feeling any discomfort. Of course, Sony's WH range has always been about sound quality and things look set to get even better for anyone treating themselves to these new headphones. The WH-1000XM5 now feature improved noise cancelling technology which will block out almost all background audio meaning you hear the music and nothing else. That's all thanks to two processors controlling eight microphones that dramatically reduce noise. To help improve things further, there's an Auto NC Optimizer that automatically optimises noise cancellation, depending on the environment. So if you walk into a busy cafe or walk along a traffic packed road the ANC will be beefed up to drown out the din. When playing music there's a specially designed 30mm driver unit with a light and rigid dome that uses carbon fibre composite. Sony says this material helps improves high-frequency sensitivity to produce a more natural sound quality. Other features coming to the WH-1000XM5 also include the ability to play High-Resolution Audio plus there's Sony's DSEE Extreme technology which upscales lower quality tracks to make them sound better. Like most new headphones, there are full touch controls and you can summon help via the Google or Alexa personal assistants. Sony has also confirmed that the WH-1000XM5 will get an updated wear detection technology which switches off the cans when you remove them from your ears. Plus the firm is promising improved calls, especially when out and about. So what about the all-important battery life? If you switch ANC off you'll get around 40 hours of playback on a single charge with this reduced to 30 hours once the noise cancellation is activated. Once they do run out of juice they can be fast-charged with just three minutes of time plugged in offering three hours of playback. If that's got you excited then the WH-1000XM5 will be available soon and cost £380.