The Leader of the Opposition could be just weeks away from entering the Lodge as recent opinion polls give Mr Albanese a double-digit lead in the second round of voting. However, after Scott Morrison defied the experts to win the 2019 election, the Labor leader is not resting on his laurels. The campaign went up a notch on Sunday after both men met for the second leaders' debate. The fiery televised contest was a dead heat with viewers split straight down the middle over which man came out on top. Mr Albanese suggested that Mr Morrison's response to COVID-19 vaccinations had led "to worse health outcomes" and a negative impact on the economy. The Prime Minister later took a personal dig at Labor's deputy leader, Richard Marles, who he alleged "ran his speeches past the Chinese Government". JUST IN: Desperate Putin repairing old ships that haven't moved in YEARS to fill holes in fleet But Mr Albanese has since made his return to the campaign trail. He even paid a visit to his former school, St Mary's Cathedral College, which is located in the central business district of Sydney. St Mary's Cathedral College also educated several other notable Australians, including Liberal Environment Minister James Griffin and Kangaroos prop forward Aaron Woods. However, Mr Albanese was received with a raucous reception during his visit. READ MORE: Boris pressed to implement tax cuts NOW after infuriating backbenchers According to news.com.au, one pupil yelled: "Go ScoMo!" Another child, who was said to have delivered his call with a degree of sarcasm, said: "Albo is coming." A third student was much more direct. He blurted: "Albo, ya tool!" DON'T MISS: Scholz issues warning to Truss after threat to torpedo Brexit deal [INSIGHT] Putin preparing to FLEE as 'President's yacht' is back in the water [REVEAL]Russia unveils terrifying bomb images as Putin inflicts £73BN damage [PICTURES] However, Mr Albanese was also snapped enjoying a friendly reception from other students, including one who posed for a selfie with the Labor leader. During his visit, the Leader of the Opposition reiterated his plan to inject AU$150million (£84.5million) into education in an attempt to get more high achievers to enter teaching.