Ms Truss met with EU commission vice-president Maroš Šefčovič to discuss the Northern Ireland protocol this morning, Thursday, May 12. The last-minute talks were a final bid to resolve the protocol signed as part of the Brexit divorce deal but Brussels refused to compromise. Ms Truss is reportedly drawing up draft legislation to unilaterally scrap the need for checks on all goods being sent between Britain and Northern Ireland. The law would also mean businesses in Northern Ireland can disregard EU rules and remove the power of the European Court of Justice in the country. The new bill would override the Northern Ireland protocol and could be announced as soon as next Tuesday, May 17, if there is no movement from the EU, according to Politico. A Foreign Office spokesperson said today: “The Foreign Secretary outlined why EU proposals would take us backwards, by creating more checks and paperwork. “Vice President Šefčovič confirmed that there was no room to expand the EU negotiating mandate or introduce new proposals to reduce the overall level of trade friction. “The Foreign Secretary noted this with regret and said the situation in Northern Ireland is a matter of internal peace and security for the United Kingdom, and if the EU would not show the requisite flexibility to help solve those issues, then as a responsible government we would have no choice but to act.” Ahead of these talks, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether Ms Truss should scrap the Northern Ireland protocol. In a poll that ran from midday on Tuesday, May 10, to 1pm on Thursday, May 12, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Truss rip up protocol and unshackle UK from EU?” Overall, 4,931 people cast their votes and the dominant response was “yes”, Ms Truss should rip up the protocol, winning by a landslide of 97 percent (4,789 people). A further three percent (133 people) said “no”, Ms Truss should not rip up the protocol and just nine people said they did not know either way. Hundreds of readers shared their thoughts in the comments below the accompanying article. The majority were in favour of the Northern Ireland protocol being ripped up. One user, DD1234 said: “If the protocol damages trade between Northern Ireland and the United Kingdom it should be scrapped. Simple.” Another, username SanjayP wrote: “When Truss rips up the protocol and removes the EU from Northern Ireland, she will be completing Brexit by taking the whole of the UK out of the EU as determined by the 2016 referendum.” Others agreed that at present the UK was in a “halfway house” as a result of the protocol. Username DADDY-LCWRA said: “I voted to leave the EU in its entirety, not this halfway house we are in at present.” Username KateN said: “We voted to leave, not dither about in a halfway house, so get on with it!” And username phil3810666 said: “I voted FULLY out of EU not halfway house which we are in still. “Regarding Northern Ireland protocol, this should [have] been ripped up months ago, not kept being put off.” DON'T MISS‘I daren’t go shopping’ Voters say more concerned by living costs than ‘Partygate’ row [LATEST]Don't believe you! Boris STILL thinks EU will crumble on Brexit when trade panic hits bloc [INSIGHT]'The world won't look kindly!' EU blasted for UK trade war threat [VIDEO] Meanwhile, username morsecode said: “We voted to get out of the WHOLE EU now get the job done!!!!” The Northern Ireland protocol was agreed upon by Prime Minister Boris Johnson in 2019 and scrapping it would breach the UK’s obligations under the Brexit agreement. The protocol came into force in January 2021 and effectively created a customs border between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. This means checks are carried out on goods between Great Britain and Northern Ireland to allow an open border with Ireland, which is within the EU’s single market and customs union.