Emmerdale’s Ash Palmisciano, 32, shared the sad news of his mum Micki's death in a heartfelt social media post. The actor, who plays Matty Barton in the ITV soap, shared his devastation. In view of his 28,700 Instagram followers, the actor vowed to live his life like his late mother did with “hope, love and positivity”. He shared a throwback photograph of the pair smiling, which prompted an outpouring of support for the TV star. Ash captioned the shot: “Still can’t believe you’re not with us mum, I’m just starting everyday like you did…with a good cuppa, Hope, love and positivity! “My biggest inspiration and role model, Miss you everyday #Micki #MyMum” Fans and friends of the Matty Barton star rushed to the post’s comment section to send him their well-wishes. Musicmairead wrote: “Sorry to see this Ash, we're going through a loss in our family too so I know your pain. Sending you all lots of love xxx” Matthewsjacqueline added: “So sorry sending you lots of love. “Losing our Mums is the most heartbreaking of our lives. The matriarch and glue of our families. “Just know she will always be with you in your heart memories and dreams xxx” Sarahlou1714 penned: “Lost my mum 4yrs ago. Think of her every day. “Will get easier. Think of the Happy Times. And Think of how proud you have made her. She will be by your side always. Sending hugs.”(sic) In 2018, Ash became the ITV soap’s first transgender cast member in the role of Matty Barton, Moira Dingle’s child, who transitioned during his many years away from Emmerdale. Discussing the storyline before it aired at the time, ITV producer Kate Brooks said: “The character of Matty certainly knows how to make an impact: cheeky, effervescent, quick-witted and headstrong. DON'T MISS...Donny Osmond’s wife made him sleep alone after Dancing With The Stars [INSIGHT]Monty Don shares first photos after welcoming new family arrival [LATEST]Naga Munchetty bids farewell as Dan Walker exits BBC Breakfast [UPDATE] “It’s not long before he's charmed his way into the affections of all those who meet him.” She added: “His tale of a man trying to shake off his past and find acceptance in the present is full of emotion, humour and ultimately hope as he settles back into rural village life, turning Moira's world upside down in the process.” Speaking about Ash’s addition to the cast, she continued: “We are absolutely thrilled to have Ash on board to play this role. “A skilful actor of great talent, he exudes charisma and there's an unflinching honesty to his performance that adds real depth to this complex character. “Ash has already proven himself to be a brilliant addition to the cast and we look forward to charting his journey as he reconnects with old friends and forges new relationships along the way.” Ash said of his new role: “I’m very excited to be joining the very welcoming Emmerdale family. “From nervous auditions to now working alongside the team daily has been truly amazing. “Matty's a groundbreaking character to play and I can’t wait to see what’s ahead for him.”