Tottenham ace Lucas Moura has detailed his desire to rejoin former club Sao Paulo in the coming years - with the Brazilian saying that he 'thinks about returning' to the club he joined at the age of 16. Moura's future with Spurs is currently uncertain ahead of the summer transfer window. Moura, who turns 30 in August, has become a bit-part player at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in recent years thanks to the excellence of Son Heung-min and Harry Kane alongside several managerial changes. With Dejan Kulusevski shining since his January move, chances have been further limited for the diminutive winger, who could move on this summer. And in an interview with Globo Esporte, Moura explained his desire to return to his former club at some point in his career - although he accepted that the transfer fee and wages to bring him to the Morumbi ground would perhaps be hard to agree right now given he is only 29 still. “I don’t like to create expectations where there aren’t any, it’s a difficult issue to resolve,” Moura said. “Today I have a contract with Tottenham, the fee is difficult for Sao Paulo, there is also the salary. It’s difficult. The reality is that I do think about returning, but I never made a clear date.” With one year left on his deal, alongside the club's option to extend the contract for another year, it is unclear as to how much the club will demand for his services. Yet if they do not choose to exercise the second-year option, Moura believes a move back to Brazil will be much more of a possibility. “Why not? It might be. It’s going to be 10 years, I’ll still be fine, I’m 29 years old,” he continued. “I’ll have a lot of wood to burn, it’s a possibility. If something doesn’t come up that catches my eye in a big club in Europe, a club that I like, Sao Paulo is a very strong possibility. I think yes, Sao Paulo has always been on my mind. When I see it approaching the end of the contract and I still haven’t had any contact with a specific club, which I would like, Sao Paulo is a very strong option. “Back to my country, to the club where I was formed. But you have to wait and see how it goes.” Moura joined Spurs in January 2018 for around £25million after failing to shine at Paris Saint-Germain alongside the likes of Neymar, Edinson Cavani, Kylian Mbappe and Angel Di Maria. He is best remembered for his hat-trick in the Champions League semi-final against Ajax, which took the north London outfit to their first ever Champions League final on away goals. Despite their failure to win the European Cup, Moura will still be held in high regard by Spurs fans for his part in their trip to Madrid. But with just nine league goals in his last three seasons, Antonio Conte may be eyeing a player capable of making a greater impact under him.