To celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, the nation gets to enjoy a glorious four-day weekend. And what better to honour the 70 year reign of our monarch than with a BBQ with friends and family? Jamie Oliver has shared the ultimate cheeseburger recipe. The beloved British chef told foodies: "Channel your cowboy vibe with these flame-grilled buffalo burgers topped with an incredible onion chutney and creamy basil mayo." This recipe serves two, so those hosting a Platinum Jubilee Party can double, triple, or even quadruple the measurements. And both seasoned chefs and novices can whip up this dinner treat, with the chef giving it a difficulty rating of 'not too tricky'. From prep to table, the burgers take just over two hours to cook. READ MORE: Michael Mosley's weight loss diet recipe: 'Scrumptious' pizza Burger One red onion 400g buffalo or beef mince 80g buffalo mozzarella Two tablespoons balsamic vinegar Two slices of mortadella Two brioche buns One large ripe tomato Two handfuls of rocket Mayo One large free-range egg 125ml olive oil 125ml vegetable oil One lemon One bunch of fresh basil (30g) Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F/gas 4 or heat up the barbecue. Wrap the onion in kitchen foil and cook in the oven, or directly in the coals for two hours until soft. When your onions have just 30 minutes left, make your mayo: separate and whisk the egg yolk until fluffy, then  whisk in both the oils – gradually and slowly – until thick and emulsified. Loosen with a gentle squeeze of lemon if it gets too thick. Season with a pinch of sea salt and a little more lemon juice. Bash the basil leaves into a pestle and mortar until they make a paste, then stir through the mayo. Season the mince and mix together. Divide into four even-sized pieces and shape into flat patties. Cut the mozzarella in half and place on top of two patties. Place the remaining two on top and seal the edges firmly with your fingertips. With the mozzarella encased inside, shape into a burger. When the onions are cool enough to touch, peel off the skin and mash with a fork, throwing away the root. Drizzle over the balsamic vinegar, season and mix well. Get your BBQ or grill nice and hot. Add the burgers and cook for eight to 10 minutes, making sure to turn them over frequenlty. Crisp up the mortadella on the grill bars, and shape into a circle with your tongs. Slice the buns and toast on the BBQ. Cut the tomato into thick slices. Spoon one tablespoon of the basil mayo over the bottom of the bun, add a slice of tomato, a slice of mortadella and some rocket. Top with the burger and a dollop of sticky balsamic onions to finish. Enjoy! Jamie demonstrated how to cook the burgers in a short YouTube video. He said: "Everyone loves a cheeseburger, but I'm going to stuff the cheese inside the burger. "You're gonna love it." On his official website, Jamie branded the meal "so good". It is sure to delight tastebuds this bank holiday weekend. Bastien Mnd said: "I definitely want this burger! Gorgeous." Keegan Chung seconded this: "Looks delicious." YouTube user guardian tales fan even remarked: "Jamie Oliver has some of the best recipes of all time."