It's kept the music playing for over 20 years but Apple has now decided to pull the plug on its ground-breaking iPod. The US technology giant announced last week that it would no longer sell the iPod once the current stock has run dry. The iPod's demise is due to more and more people consuming music via their smartphones or dedicated smart speakers such as the HomePod. With Apple about to take the iPod off of store shelves, it could be an excellent time to dig around in those gadget drawers to see if you can find your old device. eBay is currently full of people selling their ageing iPods and you might be pleasantly surprised by what some are currently worth. For example, if you happen to have the original iPod from 2001 in tip-top condition and still in its original packaging you could find yourself over £500 richer. A number of listings are currently live on eBay with one seller hoping to raise £1,500 for the original iPod which features a small screen, classic click wheel design and enough room for 1,000 songs. Other owners are asking for anywhere between £500 and £1,000 for this iconic portable music player which was first designed to make it easier to carry around endless albums. Even if you didn't invest in the original there are still plenty of other people happy to bid on more recent music players. READ MORE: Sky TV customers can now get their broadband for FREE! Here's how to grab yours Right now there's a 4th Gen iPod shuffle that's generated £40 in bids or an iPod Classic that's selling for £70. Other devices that are generating plenty of interest include the iPod Nano and all-screen iPod Touch. As long as your old iPod is in good condition, still works and you don't want it anymore it could be worth a try selling it on sites such as eBay as there are still plenty of people who want them. If you still have the box, original charging cable and have kept things free from scratches and dents you may be able to demand a higher asking price. When trying to sell any device on auction sites, make sure you include a full and truthful description with plenty of photos. Tell people about any issues or damage and when you originally bought it. It's also a good idea to pick your day wisely for the auction to end as people are often happier to bid at the weekends rather than 11pm on a Monday night. Speaking about the end of its music player, Greg Joswiak, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "Music has always been part of our core at Apple, and bringing it to hundreds of millions of users in the way iPod did impacted more than just the music industry — it also redefined how music is discovered, listened to, and shared. "Today, the spirit of iPod lives on. We’ve integrated an incredible music experience across all of our products, from the iPhone to the Apple Watch to HomePod mini, and across Mac, iPad, and Apple TV. And Apple Music delivers industry-leading sound quality with support for spatial audio — there’s no better way to enjoy, discover, and experience music."