Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were photographed kissing at the polo match on Sunday, after Harry won the game. Meghan donned a black and white polka dot blouse and white shorts, both from New York-based designer Khaite. She was also seen wearing a ring with the letter ‘L’ on it. Meghan is known for her unique jewellery pieces and there are often meanings behind each of them. The ring the Duchess wore on Sunday had the letter ‘L’ on it to represent her daughter, Lilibet. This sweet gesture means that Meghan is reminded of Lilibet wherever she goes. Although it is not clear where the ring is from, it is similar in style to a necklace Meghan owns with the letter ‘A’ on it. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ First seen around the Duchess’ neck during the 2019 Wimbledon tournament, the necklace pays tribute to Meghan and Harry’s eldest child, Archie. The necklace was a gift from jeweller Emma Swann and was on sale on her brand’s website, Verse Fine Jewellery. It retailed for $590, or £472. Emma, a British designer based in Sydney, gave the necklace to Meghan when the Duchess was in the country for the Invictus Games in October 2018. DON'T MISS:Why this week is the best time to clean your BBQ - exact date [REVEAL]How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method [INSIGHT]How to grow an avocado from the stone - 3 key steps [ANALYSIS] The designer explained that the necklace is “all about sentiment and love, which people adore”. “To see her wearing the necklace is amazing,” Emma told Hello! Magazine in 2019. “I’ve had an avalanche of orders since this went online, with people wanting initials for various reasons, many with hearts, for their children or partners – and some christenings, which is lovely.” Speaking about Meghan, Emma continued: “It’s wonderful to see how she embraces fashion and doesn’t always fit the royal mode. “Meghan is modern, fashionable, and always on-trend, and personalised jewellery is the biggest trend right now.” Although Emma mentioned the personalised jewellery trend in 2019, it is very much still in fashion now. Stars such as Holly Willoughby have been seen wearing necklaces with the initials of their children on them, and even Kate Middleton has a few personalised pieces. The Duchess of Cambridge has a gold-chain necklace adorned with three small pendants, with each engraved with the initials of her three children. But this isn’t the only necklace Kate has that pays tribute to her children. She has also been spotted wearing a gold necklace with one large pendant engraved with the initials of her children, as well as tiny stars. The jewellery piece is the ‘Midnight Moon’ necklace by designer Daniella Draper, crafted from nine-carat gold. The necklace retailed for a whopping £1,070 on Daniella Draper’s website.