When the Star Wars franchise was rebooted in 2015 with The Force Awakens it was a revelation for science-fiction nerds around the world. Not only did Disney provide fans with an exciting new story, but they also brought back the iconic members of the original trilogy: Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill), Leia Organa (Carrie Fisher) and Han Solo (Harrison Ford). But Ford was not completely impressed with returning. Ford has famously joked that when he was approached to return as Han Solo his first reaction was: "How much [are you paying]?" His supposed disdain for the series has continued long past his character's death. And during the promotion for The Force Awakens, Poe Dameron star Oscar Isaac revealed he looked for some advice from Ford. But, before he could get a straight answer, he was brutally shot down by the iconic Indiana Jones star. Isaac recalled asking the actor for some help in flying an X-Wing starfighter for the movie. "I had never done anything like that before," Isaac recalled. "And I was asking him, you know, how do you do it? What do you do?" Isaac noted, while talking to Conan O'Brien, that he knew Ford was a real-life pilot. And he thought this shared experience might help him embody Poe Dameron even better when he was in the cockpit in the depths of space. But he wasn't expecting Ford to shoot him down before he became airborne. Ford replied: "It's fake. It's in space." READ MORE: Star Wars leak: 'Darth Vader's Padawan to be introduced' Isaac laughed at the response, while Ford gave one more jab at the American actor. "So, it doesn't really apply the same," he added. Isaac couldn't help but chuckle at the interaction but was quick to note that this wasn't the first time he had an odd interaction with the iconic star. He said: "I remember one time I was standing there and I felt somebody just staring at me, and it's Harrison. And he's looking up my hair and he [says]: 'Wig.' I said excuse me? And he said: 'You're wearing a wig!'" DON'T MISS...Star Wars leak: 'Darth Vader's Padawan to be introduced' [LEAK]Star Wars new trilogy: Screenwriter gives details on Kevin Feige movie [INSIGHT]Carrie Fisher: Star Wars actress' 'challenging' bipolar before death [NEWS] Isaac assured Ford his hair on the set of Star Wars was real, and he didn't know how to react. The Drive actor explained: "He did this face that was somewhere between disdain and impressed." Although Ford played the fool on set and while promoting his return to Star Wars, the director of the picture, JJ Abrams, paints a very different picture of the actor. Abrams revealed how Ford would only make a comeback to Star Wars if the journey of his character was just right. Abrams revealed: "We had a meeting and talked about what [Ford's role] would be. Harrison, who is one of the great people ever, and incredibly thoughtful about everything that he does, all he ever wants is to understand the utility of the character." Ford reportedly asked Abrams a few questions, including: "What is my role?" "It was about sitting with him and explaining what our intention was," Abrams said. "We talked about it for quite a while, I sent him the pages. He got it, and of course, as you can see, he was wonderful." The Star Wars saga is available on Disney Plus now. SOURCE / SOURCE