Stranger Things season four arrives on Netflix on May 27 and the final season will be split into two parts. The season is made up of nine episodes, with seven arriving at the same time as part of the first instalment. The final two episodes will be feature-length, but when do all the episodes air? Over five hours longer than previous seasons, the supersized season four promises to be the most explosive yet. With plenty of storylines left to tie up, the nine-episode season will be full of exciting moments. The first seven episodes will air in the US and UK on May 27, albeit at different times. For fans in the US, they will be able to watch the new episodes from midnight Pacific Time and 3am Eastern Time. However, for those watching in the UK, they will have to wait until 8am. READ MORE: Samuel West famous family: Meet the Siegfried Farnon star's siblings After all seven episodes have dropped at the same time, there will be a short wait for the final two instalments. Episodes eight and nine are due to air on July 1, arriving at the times previously mentioned. The final season is set six months after the iconic Battle of Starcourt, during which Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) defeated the Mind Flayer. Unfortunately, she lost her powers in the process, leaving the group in a difficult position for the final season. The gang is struggling to deal with the aftermath, particularly Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink), who lost her brother Billy (Dacre Montgomery). Fans were granted access to the first eight minutes of part one and it shows Papa (Matthew Avery Modine) back at the lab. The horrifying flashback shows the children learning to utilise their special abilities. In the blink of an eye, chaos descends and Papa discovers all of his children slain. The only remaining child is young El, and Papa asks her: "What have you done?" The clip has left viewers wondering whether it really was Eleven who killed all of the other children. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Murder rocks the village as Moira Barton kills again [THEORY] Stranger Things season 3 recap: 5 key plot twists ahead of season 4 [INSIGHT] Is this the last season of Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER] Jack Croce said on YouTube: "At first I thought El was the one who massacred everyone. "But if you look at the wall she is facing when we first see her, you can see a crack that somewhat resembles the rift to the upside down. "Maybe something came through and killed everyone, and El was the one who stopped it, pushing it back through the rift and proceeding to close the rift as well. Which is why we see her facing it when Brenner walks in." Rebecca Stout added: "I'm guessing something killed all of the children, 11 was too strong for it and threw it out of the room, and Brenner always thought it was her that slaughtered everyone. "Maybe she's way too traumatized from the event and abuse afterwards to remember any of this." The final season promises to be much darker and more horrifying than previous instalments. One of the creators, Matt Duffer, said: "We’re always trying something different each season to make sure the show is evolving. "And that comes naturally in a lot of ways because our kids are growing up. "It’s funny, I can’t even actually call them kids, they’re basically young adults now. "We thought that this was a good year to put them in what is basically a horror film. "Ross mentioned that dread is a big part of this season. What the teens are dealing with, especially in the Hawkins storyline, is a full-fledged Nightmare on Elm Street-esque horror film."  Stranger Things season 4 airs on Netflix on May 27.