The incident occurred last night after the aircraft declared an emergency at around 11pm. The emergency "Squawk Code 7700" was signalled. It is used by airlines in an incident which requires ground assistance. The BA1496 flight, which normally has a flight time of one hour and 25 minutes, took off from London Heathrow Airport at 9.56pm. Pilots entered the squawk code shortly after 11pm.   A recorded map of the plane's route, posted on global tracking network Plane Finder, showed the plane circle twice over Lanark and Carluke before travelling north. It then turned back on itself and headed towards Glasgow Airport. Plane Finder posted a screenshot of the plane's route as well as an alert on social media, writing: "Live Squawk 7700: Track SHT6P live now with Plane Finder".  British Airways told the Daily Record the incident came about as a result of a technical issue, but that it did not constitute a full-blown emergency. They said: "Pilots requested a priority landing as a precaution due to a minor technical issue, and the aircraft landed normally." Glasgow Airport confirmed that the aircraft was met by emergency services which is standard procedure when there is an emergency declared. They added that the aircraft landed safely and without incident.  READ MORE:Hand luggage size: British Airways, WIZZ and Virgin Atlantic bag rules  Squawk codes are used to provide effective communication between air traffic control and aircraft. A squawk code is a four-digit number assigned to each aircraft which aids in identification. This will show up on the controller's screens, along with vital flight information such as altitude and speed. Pilots enter the squawk code into the aircraft transponder. This then communicates with ground equipment to display the aircraft information. Usually, an aircraft will keep the same code for the duration of a flight, but it may be changed by other airports or in a particular airspace. DON'T MISS:Putin's Ukraine war sparks famine fears [REPORT]Fears UK will be dumping ground for cheap foreign food as prices soar [INSIGHT]Pelosi ally told to 'mind own business' on Brexit [REVEAL] The term "squawk" comes from the World War Two. At that time, basic systems were developed for an aircraft to identify itself to ground controllers - essentially to let them know if the aircraft was friendly or an enemy aircraft. This became known as the "Parrot" system, with the term "squawk" used to refer to the communication between them. The British Airways flight landed safely at Glasgow Airport at 11.30pm with emergency services attending the aircraft as a precautionary measure.