Piers Morgan, 57, has taken to Twitter to confirm that he will be taking an extended break from his TalkTV show later this summer. The former Good Morning Britain presenter revealed his plans for the summer, while joking that he might not make it back. Piers wrote the message earlier this evening in view of his 7.9 million followers. He penned: "Apparently, I’m ‘going on holiday for 6 weeks’. "The good news is that a real-life hologram of me will be hosting @PiersUncensored for the next 10 weeks. "Then I’ll be hanging out in America for a bit with serial killers. So may or may not be back depending how that goes.." READ MORE: Sir David Jason hints Only Fools and Horses would be cancelled today Many social media users took to the post's comments to express their view on Piers' news. 40till5 said: "Didn't you just get back from your last holiday?" Mike32277328 suggested in response: "I think he's saying he has been 'sent' on holiday for six weeks by TalkTV and probably won't return. "Piers Uncensored has been cancelled." LorraineSxxx commented: "CANCELLED - Oh well enjoy the break, it could be a long one!" News of his summer break comes after the huge drop in ratings on Piers' show. The opening night of Piers Uncensored attracted 400,000 viewers when he interviewed Donald Trump last month. However, the Official BARB (Broadcasters’ Audience Research Board) shared their data, which showed a recent episode to have an average of 24,000 views. DON'T  MISS... Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [PICS] Davina McCall says she's 'run out of f***s' in stunning bikini snaps [COMMENT] Eva Longoria wows in risqué dress as she parties with celebs at Cannes [CANNES] News of Piers' break prompted comparisons on social media with Andrew Neil’s flight as GB News’s flagship presenter. Andrew announced he was going on holiday to France two weeks after the channel’s troubled launch and did not return to presenting duties. GentClassical jibed: "Piers is going on an Andrew Neil type of holiday." RichardChester added: "Piers Morgan taking a six-week break from TalkTV. "His show is the only decent performer, by its standards, so if you think the ratings are low for the channel when his show is on, imagine how low they'll go when his show is not on. Andrew Neil 2.0?" TalkTV, owned by Rupert Murdoch's News UK, has declined to comment on viewing figures, but Piers has fiercely defended himself, claiming TV ratings are "irrelevant" compared to online reach. It is not yet known precisely when Piers will be taking his extended break.