Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are filming an "at-home docuseries" in their LA mansion for Netflix, according to the New York Post. A Hollywood insider told the US newspaper: "I think it's fair to say that Netflix is getting its pound of flesh". Former senior palace aide Dickie Arbiter said it "smacks of desperation". Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Mr Arbiter said: "This smacks of desperation because Netflix is haemorrhaging money, it's cut productions, it's got The Crown coming out in November which is a very costly production. "Harry's got his memoir coming out either before or just after and Netflix want to show this docuseries to coincide with it all. "I think it smacks of desperation. "It’s a bit rich, two people who left the UK, walked out of the Royal Family, because they wanted privacy. READ MORE: Queen’s favourite game laid bare ahead of grand Jubilee celebrations "They’ve done nothing else but put themselves up front and a week doesn't go by when there isn’t some sort of statement coming out of their PR people. It comes as the Duke of Sussex said he hopes his children "never have to experience the online world as it exists now" as he criticised social media companies that make "unimaginable money" from people's time, attention and information. Harry spoke at the launch of the 5Rights Foundation's Global Child Online Safety Toolkit over video link from his home in California on Monday. The duke hailed 5Rights' "ground-breaking work" in calling for a safer digital world for young people. He joined representatives from the United Nations, the African Union and the European Union as well as young people between the ages of 13 and 21, from countries across the world, including South Africa, the UK, Canada and Malaysia. Speaking at the opening of the event, Harry criticised the internet business model as well as social media companies that make "unimaginable money" from people's attention and information. He also spoke about his and his wife Meghan's concerns for their children's generation, and called for change that "prioritises our children's rights to a safe and happy future". The duke said: "Wherever you are, wherever you're listening from, I predict that your family, like mine, understands that the way we experienced technologies like social media isn't working and needs to be fixed. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS]Meghan taking things 'for granted' is 'recipe for disaster' - claim [VIDEO] "The online world is changing and it's on every single one of us to make sure that the change ahead prioritises our children's right to a safe and happy future." Harry said he had "two hopes" to discuss in Monday's virtual conversation - to give concerned parents a voice and to spotlight young people experiencing today's technology, empowering them to demand better. He said: "My kids are too young to have experienced the online world yet and I hope that they never have to experience it as it exists now - No kid should have to. "It's easy to say the business model of the internet and social media is broken, but it's not."