Democratic Unionist Party MP Ian Paisley Jr warned the UK that the NI Protocol is “bumping up prices by 27 percent in Norther Ireland due to transport and energy costs”. In light of the previous claims, Mr Paisley confirmed his opposition to the protocol and urged PM Boris Johnson to “take action” against the EU by scrapping the agreement. Referring to Mr Johnson, he said “words are not enough” and "the government needs to act” as the treaty “is causing so many difficulties”. Speaking to BBC Newsnight presenter Mark Urban, Mr Paisley said: “Words are not enough. “Mr Johnson, words time is over. “The wordsmith, the gaming is over. “It is now time for action. “That is why I am saying the window is fast closing, and the government needs to act, not tell us to they are going to act. “Not promise actions, but take actions.” During the interview, he also added: “They need to abandon the protocol. “The protocol is causing so many difficulties. “It has destroyed north and south relationships for a start at the political level. READ MORE: Britain won't impose 'tit-for-tat' tariffs amid EU trade war concerns “It is harming the internal relations of Northern Ireland. “It’s harming our trade. “It has damaged our relationship with Europe. “I want a stable government in Northern Ireland. DON'T MISS: Cost of living crisis 'Desperate cry for help' of disabled people [WATCH]Shock as dog rescues two-year-old girl from getting kidnapped  [LISTEN]Peston: Tory MP claims 'no massive need' for food banks [INSIGHT] “I have invested in stable government in Northern Ireland’. European Commission vice-president Maros Sefcovic claimed it is “simply not acceptable” for the UK to alter the NI Protocol. He added: “It continues to be of serious concern that the UK government intends to embark on the path of unilateral action” In light of the EU stance, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss responded warning that if the EU does not show “the requisite flexibility” the UK might have “no choice” but to change the agreement, explaining that this is a matter of “peace and security”.