Homes Under The Hammer host Martin Roberts, 58, took to social media to share a poignant message with his fans. He posted the update on Monday while out on a walk at his “favourite place in the world” and told fans he felt “lucky” as well as “thankful” to be back on his feet and feeling better following his worrying health battle. Martin also issued a warning, saying he didn’t want to “preach”, but urged fans to visit A&E immediately “if you have any symptoms like the ones I had”. The property star underwent life-saving emergency surgery after fluid had gathered around his heart last month. The property expert wrote, in view of his 51,000 Twitter followers: “So…gradually trying to get back to normality. “Big week of tests to try to establish the cause of the crisis and sort out my lungs." READ MORE:BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care  “Meanwhile, I’m trying to be positive but it’s hard not to sometimes reflect on the “What ifs...” “But Wear Sunscreen helps.” Martin included a link to the uplifting Baz Luhrmann song Everybody's Free To Wear Sunscreen in his tweet. Martin described his recovery as "a second chance" at life after he was rushed to hospital with "hours to live" in April. He has also shared details of his experience, including that he had an eight-inch syringe plunged into his heart by doctors while he was awake due to a rare condition called cardiac tamponade. The syringe helped drain fluid from Martin’s heart. In a recent interview, Martin said: "I feel so very lucky to be here. I could have died but I’m here. He added: "I’ll never be the same person again." DON'T MISS: Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [UPDATE]Britt Ekland: Peter Sellers 'had everything' before 'he destroyed it' [LATEST]Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [NEWS] The star explained that he's "determined" to make it to 20 years as presenter of the popular BBC show Homes Under The Hammer, with his big anniversary set to take place next year. Martin continued: "There are still so many things I want to achieve, but I know I have to take things slowly from now on. "I can’t and don’t want to return to the frantic life I led before. "I’ve been given a second chance and I don’t intend to waste it," he told The Sun. He told how he had been experiencing symptoms for weeks but was rushed to hospital when his symptoms worsened. The BBC star has been sharing his health updates on social media. He posted a short video on social media when he was discharged from hospital, but revealed he still had "a few potential residual problems".