Whether you're jetting off on a long-haul holiday or travelling overseas for work, travellers are often at the peril of luggage restrictions imposed by airlines. Though these can include weight limits, the majority also impose specific suitcase dimensions and a limit on just how many bags you can take without incurring a fee. For fashionistas, or those planning for multiple weather scenarios, fitting all of your clothing items into a small space can become a headache. However, there are some suitcase packing hacks that can help. How can you fit more clothes into your luggage? The rolling method is a tried and tested packing technique which is, according to users in a Reddit forum, a "life hack for packing a suitcase". One user posting under the named Frecklesfunn said: "Roll up everything, in full outfits. "I put a full outfit on the bed from longest to shortest article of clothing and then roll it up. "I only pack one extra outfit for how many days we will be gone in addition to a few extra underwear/socks/shirts. With kids especially - this makes life so much easier." [SIC] READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares advice if your flight is cancelled A second user, posting under the name Jarvicious, said the rolling method "takes up far less space", however, warned those faced with weight restrictions to be cautious of how much their bag does end up weighting. They said: "The space it does take up is far less 'spongy'. "It can make for a heavy suitcase, but you fit a lot more in, far more neatly." Though the rolling method can be done by laying clothes flat and rolling them tightly, experts from Travel and Leisure say there is a better way to approach the task. They said: "To properly roll your clothes, lay the item of clothing out flat. "Then fold the bottom two inches of the item inside out so it creates a type of pocket along one side of the clothing. "From the opposite end, roll the item tightly until you get to the pocket you’ve created. "Fold one side of the pocket over the roll, securing it tightly." DON'T MISSTUI issues travel warning over food shortages [REPORT]Britons must check passports today for summer holidays [WARNING]Jane McDonald shares essential cruise ship advice on packing [COMMENT] Another way to get more clothes into your suitcase, and maximise organisation, is by using packing cubes. Packing cubes come in a variety of sizes and help to separate clothing. They are soft and usually lightweight and can be easily folded down when not in use. The packing cube method is one which is hailed by holidaymakers and cabin crew alike. Flight attendant Rhiannon Corbett included packing cubes in a viral video she shared on the social media platform TikTok. She said: "Do try to use packing cubes or clothes pouches. Packing cubes are a great way to compress your clothing and accessories to maximise space in your suitcase, organise your items and prevent items from moving around while travelling." Posting to a packing hacks forum on Reddit, an anonymous user added: "I went on a month-long trip to Europe and my luggage would have been a mess without them. "I also find I can fit a lot more in my luggage because I can be efficient, and I know where and what everything is and it's just more accessible."