BT already offers some of its customers blisteringly quick downloads via its full fibre service but it appears even more homes may soon be able to connect to the ultimate internet access. The firm's Plusnet service, which offers broadband at a cheaper price, has been teasing a full-fibre launch for some time and some customers are now confirming they've managed to get this upgrade despite no official launch or glitzy revamp to its webpage. As spotted by the eagle-eyed team at ISPreview, Plusnet users have posted on the firm's forum saying they were able to ring the company and switch from standard speeds to much fast FTTP technology. Fibre to the Premises (FTTP) brings fast cables right into homes rather than relying on old copper lines which can seriously slow things down. FTTP has the ability to pump the web into living rooms at speeds in excess of 1Gbps - that's compared to a measly 70Mbps via ageing copper cables. The launch of Plusnet's FTTP service appears pretty secretive for now as, despite some customers saying they've signed up via a simple phone call, the BT-owned platform remains tight-lipped about a big release. READ MORE: Best BT Broadband Deals (May 2022) Get The Ultimate Discount On Your Internet Bill In a statement sent to Express.co.uk, a Plusnet spokesperson said: "Plusnet’s full fibre proposition will be launching soon, however the launch date has not been confirmed at this point. Our customers will be the first to know, and we are excited to offer them our best ever fibre." If you're a Plusnet user it might be worth giving them a call as you might find you're eligible for serious broadband boost. When it does arrive here's what could be on offer and how much things will cost (via ISPreview) Plusnet Full Fibre 145 (145Mbps speeds) • £35 per month Plusnet Full Fibre 300 (300Mbps speeds) • £40 per month Full Fibre 500 (500Mbps speeds) • £47 per month Full Fibre 900 (900Mbps speeds) • £55 per month When Plusnet does officially announce a launch it will go head-to-head with numerous other Internet Service Providers including Sky and Virgin. Virgin Media has been offering its Gig1 service for a while with over 14million homes now able to access speeds in excess of 1,000Mbps. Sky announced earlier this year that it was adding FTTP options for anyone with this technology in their street. As a quick comparison, Sky charges around £55 for its best speeds with Virgin Media's Gig1 costing £62.