Arsenal have been joined by Newcastle and West Ham in the race to snap up Chelsea hotshot Armando Broja. The Blues striker has a host of Premier League clubs ready to try and acquire his services in the summer after his impressive stint on loan at Southampton.  Broja has adapted to life in the top-flight seamlessly after linking up with the Saints last summer. The Albanian starlet has plundered nine goals in all competitions and produced a number of eye-catching performances against some of the Premier League's big-hitters. Unsurprisingly, Broja is now on the radar of a host of clubs; including Arsenal, who were linked with the 20-year-old earlier this season. A new report from Goal has revealed that Newcastle and West Ham are now mulling over a move for Broja, who also has interest from abroad, with AC Milan, Inter Milan and Napoli all interested in the Saints loanee. Saints boss Ralph Hassenhuttl has already gone public with his desire to keep hold of Broja, with the Southampton chief admitting earlier in the season that the club were interested in thrashing out an agreement with Chelsea to keep the striker on the south coast for at least another year. READ MORE: Everton could face Premier League investigation as Leeds and Burnley raise FFP concerns While Broja could be subject to bids in the coming months, Thomas Tuchel has already hinted that Broja could be given the opportunity to nail down a first-team spot at Stamford Bridge next season after his temporary spell with the Saints. Arsenal are in desperate need of attacking reinforcements and have also been linked with Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus and Napoli hotshot Victor Osimhen. But they could face a struggle to attract star names if they fail to qualify for the Champions League. The Gunners were in pole position to clinch a top-four finish just weeks ago but are now relying on Tottenham slipping up during this weekend's final round of Premier League fixtures. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football And Arteta has admitted that the Londoners will have to be 'smart' in the transfer market this summer regardless of where they end up finishing in the Premier League. Speaking on Friday, the Spaniard said: “We are going to have certain resources, not unlimited resources, some resources. And with our resources we have to play and do what we have to do in the best possible way. "We don't know what the rest are going to have in terms of resources, which I'm assuming is going to be challenging because now it's not a top three or top four league. Now it is a top eight or 10 teams that are involved. That's why we have to find a way to do again what we did last summer.”