Speaking about the UK Government's threats to scrap the Northern Ireland Protocol, the German Chancellor warned: "We have found a good way for Northern Ireland and no one should unilaterally override the arrangement which we have agreed together." His comments were made at a joint news conference with Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo, which took place earlier today in Berlin. Mr De Croo doubled down on Mr Scholz's comments, warning: "Our message is quite clear: Don’t touch this ... If that agreement would be revoked, then I would think that the whole system will be revoked. "I would not see any other solution." This comes as UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is reportedly preparing draft legislation that would unilaterally scrap key parts of the Northern Ireland Protocol. The legislation would remove the need for checks on goods between Great Britain and Northern Ireland. It would also remove the European Court of Justice's powers and remove any requirement for Northern Irish businesses to comply with EU regulations. A Government source confirmed to the Guardian that Truss plans to move unilaterally. However, they denied that the UK has given up on negotiation. It is understood that Truss thinks the UK cannot wait for negotiations to conclude before preparing to act unilaterally.  This comes amid mounting tensions in Northern Ireland, with Sinn Fein being elected as the largest party in the Northern Ireland Assembly. Unionists have also threatened to boycott power-sharing in the province until the Protocol is reformed. In a call with Irish Taoiseach Micheál Martin this morning, Boris Johnson warned that the UK Government would "take action to protect peace and political stability in Northern Ireland if solutions could not be found". His spokesperson said that the Protocol in its current form was "not sustainable", claiming that it is undermining the Belfast Agreement. DON'T MISS: Starmer mocked by Tory MP over 'woeful' election performance [REACTION] Public think MP Neil Parish's porn watching should be criminal offence [POLL] Tories lose support in some Leave-voting heartlands [INSIGHT]  The Government described the situation as "very serious" and accused the European Commission of having "not taken the steps necessary to help address the economic and political disruption on the ground." The Protocol, which was agreed upon as part of the withdrawal agreement to avoid a hard border in Ireland after the UK left the EU, allowed Northern Ireland to remain within the EU's single market for goods. It has faced criticism because a border was effectively created between Great Britain and Northern Ireland down the Irish Sea, leading to delays, supermarket shortages and increased costs for businesses in Northern Ireland. The UK has been locked in talks with the EU over the Northern Ireland Protocol since October 2021. While the European Commission has said it is "bending over backwards" to fix the problems with the protocol, no agreement on the issue has been reached. Previously, the UK has threatened to trigger Article 16, a provision within that protocol that could allow for parts of the agreement to be suspended if the treaty is causing "serious economic, societal or environmental difficulties." While Article 16 has not been ruled out, Ms Truss now sees domestic legislation to be a "better option", Government sources told the BBC.