Real Madrid star Gareth Bale looked awkward as his team-mates celebrated winning the Champions League on Saturday night. Liverpool had entered the match as favourites. However, Vinicius Jr's goal was enough to give Los Blancos the famous trophy for a 14th time. Real Madrid players celebrated wildly after beating Liverpool, with Carlo Ancelotti winning the La Liga and Champions League double in his first season back as manager. But while the majority of stars soaked in the scenes, Bale cut an awkward figure. The Wales international, who has now won the Champions League for the fifth time in his career, was present for the celebrations but stood uncomfortably away from the rest of the squad. While he had a smile on his face, the former Tottenham and Southampton star didn't exactly seem willing to celebrate with glee - looking unfazed and unbothered by what was going on around him. That's in stark contrast to his team-mates, who were ecstatic after delivering the trophy. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Among them was goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois, who gave a bullish interview to BT Sport after his side’s triumph. "Yesterday in the press conference I said that when Madrid plays finals they win,” he said. "I saw a lot of tweets coming my way that I would get humbled today it was the other way round. "Today I needed to win a final for my career, for all the hard work to put respect on my name as I don't think I get enough respect, especially in England. “I saw a lot of criticism even after a great season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I am really proud of the team. We stuck to it and when I needed to be there I was there for the team. We beat some the best clubs of the world. City and Liverpool were unbelievable this season. “They fought to the end in the Premier League, Liverpool won two cups and they were really strong. "We played a great game today. We had one chance and scored it." And Real boss Ancelotti was overjoyed after his side won the trophy. "I can't believe it. We had a fantastic season,” said the Italian. “We did really well. It was a difficult game and we suffered a lot, more so in the first half. “In the end I think we deserved to win this competition. "We're really happy. What can I say? I can't say more. "I am a record man. I had luck to come here last year and have a fantastic season. A fantastic club, a really good squad with a lot of quality and mental character. "The season was top.” 