Rose Ayling-Ellis, 27, made Strictly Come Dancing history with Giovanni Pernice, 31, as they won the coveted Glitterball trophy last year. The EastEnders star likes to keep her personal life private, however, in a new interview, Rose shared a sweet insight into her home life with her long term partner, Samuel Arnold. Rose has been dating Samuel for more than seven years, with the pair leading a low-key life together outside of the spotlight. However, in a recent interview Rose gave a sweet insight into their blissful home life. Rose was asked if she watches TV a lot, including her own role on EastEnders, and she replied: "I watch with my boyfriend a lot. "We have similar tastes in shows, but I also like watching alone so there are no disruptions". READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady She was also asked what made her want to turn the telly off, regarding subtitles on shows. Rose said: "Shows with subtitles that are either wrong, or a bit late, or a bit early. "And so many programmes don’t have any at all, so I can’t watch them," she told The Guardian. Like Rose, Sam is also deaf, and the couple have previously documented their travels around the world together on Instagram. Back in 2020, Rose penned a funny but sweet tribute to her partner on their anniversary, alongside a photo of the pair on a trip. She wrote in view of her 547,000 Instagram followers: "Six years we've been together and I still don't find you annoying", followed by a heart emoji. Rose made history on Strictly as the first deaf contestant to compete on the show, as well as becoming the first deaf contestant to pick up the Glitterball trophy. Speaking to the BBC, prior to her debut in September, she said: "I hope I will make the deaf community proud and break down more barriers. DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [INSIGHT] Naga Munchetty reacts as guest says Charles could've 'sexed up' speech [OPINION] ‘Brian May shares frustration over Taylor Hawkins death [INSIGHT] "But I am also very excited to learn an incredible new skill and even better I get to learn whilst wearing beautiful dresses made especially for me." Her impact on the show was acknowledged at the recent BAFTAs as she won Virgin Media's Must-See Moment along with her dance partner. Rose and her Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice landed the award for their special performance to Clean Bandit's Symphony on Strictly, which featured a silent dance. The former dance partners attended the awards ceremony together and took to the stage to pick up their gong. Rose took to Instagram hours later to share her joy and shock over such an accomplishment. She penned: "What just happened!! Did I wake up from an amazing dream?! "THANK YOU SO MUCH for everyone who supported us, you all made it possible for us. "I am beaming with joy and pride! Thank you @bafta."