Thursday's show saw the second round of the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 semi-finals, with 18 more countries battling it out in an attempt to make it through to the big event on Saturday. Airing on BBC Three in the UK, many viewers from around the globe were left furious by San Marino's act as they accused Achille Lauro of "copying" Italian band Måneskin. It came as the artist and on-stage musicians were dressed similarly to last year's winning act. At one point, Achille shared a kiss with the guitarist, which reminded people of Måneskin's on-stage kiss last year following their Eurovision win. It took place in Poland as a demonstration against homophobia in the country. This year, Achille Lauro performed Stripper and gave an energetic performance which many believed resembled Måneskin's too much. READ MORE: Eurovision 2022: Italy dealt crushing blow days before final However, as many took to Twitter to point out the similarities, other loyal fans of the band explained Måneskin had actually been inspired by Achille Lauro. Twitter user @EdHotTV wrote: "Well San Marino was a blatant Maneskin copy. But fab staging, so it probably deserves to qualify #Eurovision." @JaneCSweeney added: "@bbceurovision Too trying to copy off maneskin & not working #Eurovision." @robyfiore remarked: "Well, let's say it was almost deja vu ... Achille Lauro, Maneskin #Eurovision." @formulavera fumed: "I would like to say that this year's Eurovision is full of outfit copycats #Eurovision." "Why is every song a bad copy of Maneskin, Adele and Dua Lipa? #eurovision #Eurovision2022," asked @jednostavnotako. However, some argued against the accusations. @VeroFerrero96 penned: "So #Eurovision friends, you should know that as an Italian, I can tell you that Achille Lauro is not a copy of Maneskin. "I am a big fan of both. Achille has been doing this kind of performance for years. I am sorry but you are not well enough informed. Ah, he is also Italian." DON'T MISS... Eurovision favouritism row erupts as fans question Serbia's subtitles [REACTION]'Meghan Markle doesn't matter’ swipes Serbia's Eurovision entry [LATEST]Jay Blades opens up on 'emotional' aspect of the Repair Shop [EXCLUSIVE] @giada_online added: "Okay but it's THE CONTRARY. It is the Maneskin who were inspired by Achilles. #Eurovision." Achille described his song as "punk rock" and a song against "judgement". "I would define it as a punk-rock song, even though I prefer not to give a label to the things I do," he told Wiwibloggs. "It's a track based on the duality of man and woman, I would call it a feminist anthem." Speaking to Wiwibloggs, he went on: "It’s about feeling like a woman and not worrying about outside judgment." Achille Lauro’s explosive performance has already been praised for making history with the competition's first male queer kiss. Several viewers flooded social media with praise for the historic moment. Eurovision Song Contest continues with the final on from 8pm on Saturday on BBC One.