Manchester United’s new boss Erik ten Hag has been compared to Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp by former Everton star Andy van der Meyde. The Dutchman will lead the Red Devils next term after beating Mauricio Pochettino to the role. And he’ll be hopeful of reeling in both the Reds and Manchester City next time out. Manchester United confirmed last month that Ten Hag had been chosen as their next manager. And the Red Devils are hopeful he’ll be able to steer them to a first Premier League title since 2013, back when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. Now, former Everton and Inter Milan star Van der Meyde has compared Ten Hag to Klopp. Speaking to The Sun, he said: “He’s such a good manager who develops a relationship with his players and finds time for them if they need to talk. “You can see that also with Klopp. “Erik gives a lot of attention to the players and, as a result, they will do a lot more for him than if he was distant and only their manager, without holding private talks. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “But it doesn’t matter what his name is. If a player doesn’t do what he asks, he will be sitting on the bench.” As well as Klopp, Van der Meyde thinks the new United boss is also reminiscent of Peter Bosz and Ronald Koeman. “Erik doesn’t want to play bad football. He’s offensive-minded, he sets his teams up to attack,” he stated. "For that I’d compare him to Peter Bosz and Ronald Koeman. “Erik wants to develop himself, the players and the team. He wants to win games but also make the fans happy with good football. "For him, entertainment is very important.” DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Van der Meyde did say Ten Hag was aggressive, however, but praised the new United boss for how he conducts himself. “Erik is from the east of Holland — very down-to-earth,” he stated. “He’s kind, straight and honest — but he can also be aggressive. All he wants is to win while making the team better. “I played with him at Twente after joining on loan from Ajax when I was 19 and he was around 30. “At half-time he was always talking, saying, ‘We should do it like this, we should do it like that’. "He was the one talking with the manager, figuring out if it was better to do it this or that way. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "Already, as a player, he was busy coaching the team.” At United, Ten Hag will reunite with Donny van de Beek. The pair worked at Ajax together, helping the club reach the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019. Van de Beek has rarely got a chance at United since his arrival the following year and is currently out on loan at Everton. And Van der Meyde thinks the Netherlands international can benefit from Ten Hag’s imminent move to Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “You saw Donny at Ajax, what he can do in the Champions League,” he said. “He never gives up but all he needs is a real chance to show what he can do. “I know that if he gets the trust of the manager, he will score lots of goals and get many assists. “And it’s great for the academy that a gaffer like Erik comes because they will get an opportunity to develop themselves and contribute to making United a big team again. “The way the team is playing right now is a disaster — but if the club let Ten Hag do his work, he will make them great again.”