Former Radio Two presenter Simon Mayo, 63, has opened up about his BBC career as he moves his film review podcast with Mark Kermode, 58, to Sony. The duo hosted their radio show on various BBC channels for more than two decades, however, Simon now says there would be “no chance” of them getting the gig nowadays. Reflecting on his time with the Beeb, Simon said: “There are so many BBC hoops to jump through to actually get something like that on the air. “After a while people stop trying, because it’s soul-destroying. “The truth of the matter is, if you were going to start a new film show on the BBC right now, there would be no chance of me and Mark being asked to do it,” he added to Radio Times. Sony has now invested in their show and it will be released as a twice-weekly podcast called Kermode & Mayo’s Take. READ MORE:Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain When approached by the company, Simon and Mark concluded that jumping ship would make the show “better” because Sony offered to “invest in the programme in a way that it hadn’t been” before. Simon and Mark’s final Radio 5 Live show aired last month. While Mark continues to present a weekly film review on BBC Radio Four, Simon’s exit left a bittersweet taste after an awkward incident on his last day. As he went to leave the building, Simon's security pass was deactivated before he stepped foot out of the building and he had to be rescued by security. The presenter took to Twitter to detail the embarrassing moment to his 280,000 followers. He announced: “Last day of term (40 years after it started). So. Once more, with feeling…" Simon attached a photograph of himself holding his pass, not yet realising it had already been deactivated. In a follow-up tweet, he confessed: “And my BBC pass was cancelled before I left the building. DON'T MISSRonnie O'Sullivan and Laila Rouass 'giving things another go'[INSIGHT]Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight[PICTURES]Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine[LATEST] “So the security doors wouldn’t work. “Had to be helped out. #NotQuiteTheGoldWatch.” Simon famously hosted BBC Radio 2’s Drivetime show from 2010 until 2018. He left the show when his slot was merged with Jo Whiley in a bid to attract more female listeners Opening up about his reasons for quitting, Simon said that the change “annoyed” listeners. Speaking last year, he told The Mirror: “When things are changed, people don’t like it. They felt annoyed.” Following his departure, Simon helped to launch Scala Radio in 2019 and then joined Greatest Hits Radio two years later. Kermode & Mayo’s Take launches on Friday May 6 on all major podcast providers.