The Queen never reveals certain information about herself, preferring to remain a figure of mystique. The life of a royal may look filled with glitz and glamour, but even the Queen has to follow strict royal protocol. Most unusual are the royals' food rules, which prevent them from eating everything from seafood to garlic, amongst other popular cuisines.  There is, however, one royal food rule that is even more unusual. The Queen reportedly never reveals her favourite food. However, Prince William's wife, Kate Middleton, once broke this tradition. The monarch chooses to keep her favourite food private because she does not want to be served the same dishes at every official engagement. READ MORE: Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry' Gordon Rayner, a former royal correspondent, once said he’d discovered this fact from a royal staff member. "As one of her staff told me, ‘If she said she had a favourite meal she would never get served anything else," he told The Telegraph. The Duchess of Cambridge memorably broke the Queen's golden food rule back in 2018 during her visit to Great Ormond Street Hospital. There, she chatted to four-year-old Rafael Chana from East Preston, who was waiting for a heart transplant.  Rafa revealed he liked olives, to which Kate replied: "I used to eat lots and lots of olives when I was little as well." When the young patient added that he also likes pasta, Kate revealed: "Charlotte likes pasta too." The Duchess also spoke about encouraging both Charlotte and Prince George to cook with her. The Queen may be reluctant to share her favourite cuisines, but the Duchess was also quick to share her love for curry and spicy foods at an engagement in Scotland with Prince William.  The royal was asked if she made curry at home, to which she replied: "Yes, I love it." Prince William laughed and added: "She likes a bit of spice. I'm not too good with spice." Despite her reluctance to outline her favourite meal of all time, there is one sure treat that Her Majesty loves. "The Queen is a total chocoholic," said former royal chef, Darren McGrady.  "The chocolate biscuit cake is the only cake that goes up to the royal table every day until it has all gone. “Sometimes this means it following her to Windsor Castle for the weekend," Darren said on his YouTube channel. He added: "I remember as a young chef travelling from Paddington to Windsor one Friday morning with a half-eaten chocolate biscuit cake packed neatly and tightly in a biscuit tin, and wrapped in Clingfilm, perched on my knee with the fear of God in me that I would lose or drop the thing! “It was her favourite. And when Prince William first tried it, he loved it and then requested it as his groom's cake [at the royal wedding in 2011]." 