Former Real Madrid star Antonio Cassano, who has admitted 'loving' Barcelona, has vowed to boycott their games if they sign Romelu Lukaku. The striker has endured an awful season since returning to Chelsea in a club-record move from Inter Milan during last summer's transfer window. He has scored just five goals in the Premier League so far this campaign, falling well short of expectations. That has led to intense speculation that he end his second spell at the Blues after just one season. Inter and Barca have both been linked with moves for the unhappy 28-year-old. But former Los Blancos striker Cassano has questioned Lukaku's suitability for Xavi's squad, making the remarkable vow to never go to a game again if they sign him. "I’m in love with Barca’s philosophy, but if they sign Lukaku I won’t watch a game anymore. He can’t play three passes with Chelsea where he has no competition, at Barcelona they play 55 passes before going for goal, how could he do it?" Cassano told BoboTV. READ MORE: Chelsea’s misfiring forwards must prove Thomas Tuchel right vs Everton Making Cassano's vow all the more remarkable is the fact that he played for Madrid for two years between 2006 and 2008. He would make only 29 appearances for the La Liga giants though, before leaving the Bernabeu under a cloud for Sampdoria. Despite Cassano's warning, Marca report that Barca remain in the hunt to sign Lukaku, with a striker one of the 'priorities' for Xavi. With deals for Erling Haaland and Robert Lewandowski growing 'complicated', Lukaku has emerged as a potential option. DON'T MISS: Chelsea insiders feel Romelu Lukaku 'has himself to blame' for failure (NEWS)Chelsea icon Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink blasts 'really bad' Blues trio (INSIGHT)Hasselbaink accuses Chelsea ace Lukaku of 'not being bothered' (ANALYSIS) With the striker growing closer to leaving Chelsea in the summer, Barca are said to have met with Lukaku's representatives to explore the 'possibilities' of signing him. The incredibly high fee Chelsea will demand for him will make such a deal difficult but there are options that would see Barca be successful in their pursuit. While there has been no 'firm movement' from Lukaku over demanding an exit, Barca remain interested. Club president Joan Laporta is working to finalise the La Liga giant's transfer fund for the summer window, with several sales also expected.