The Queen is celebrating her Platinum Jubilee this year. The 96-year-old's reign, which spans seven decades, makes her the longest-reigning monarch in history. In recent months, the Her Majesty has experienced reduced mobility and her health has led to a significant cut down on her public appearances. Despite her health struggles, it has been reported by royal expert Neil Sean that the Queen is determined to appear on the balcony with the rest of the Royal Family for the Jubilee celebrations in June. Speaking on the latest episode on his YouTube channel Neil Sean's Daily News Headlines, Mr Sean said: "What I am assured is that whatever happens, Her Majesty The Queen sees this [the balcony appearance] as a basic thing that she would wish to do for the Commonwealth, for her public, for her subjects "She really wants to make sure that we get that opportunity to see her on this very special and auspicious occasion. "She knows, above all else, that no one else will do to take her place on that day." The royal expert added: "Some might say, of course, is two people over in California who jump at the opportunity to jump on the balcony so that alone, I truly believe, will be the spur for Her Majesty to make sure on that day, she makes it to Buckingham Palace." READ MORE: Princess Charlotte made history after baby brother Louis was born in 2018 At present, every Jubilee year has featured an iconic balcony appearance. If the Queen was to not be present for this appearance, it will mark the first in her 70-year reign. In February, the Queen tested positive for COVID-19 shortly after Prince Charles and his wife Camilla contracted the virus. Prior to contracting coronavirus, the 96-year-old vowed to carry on with duties as normal, despite her health struggles. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'still getting paid' by Netflix as first project due as late as next year However, Her Majesty's health has prevented her from attending some royal appearances, such as this year's Commonwealth Day Service in March. Aside from coronavirus, Queen Elizabeth II has suffered from some other health difficulties in recent months. In October 2021, she attended a Service of Thanksgiving alongside her daughter Anne and used a walking stick for the first time since 2003. She was later revealed to have spent a night in hospital. This stay came after, under medical advice, she cancelled a scheduled trip to Northern Ireland. DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO] It remains uncertain as to whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be present at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month. During his recent interview with NBC Today, Prince Harry stated “I don’t know yet” when asked about his plans to attend the Jubilee celebrations. The Duke said: “There are lots of things with security issues and everything else. “So, this is what I’m trying to do, trying to make it possible that I can get my kids to meet her".