A man has been arrested on suspicion of the 21-year-old woman's murder after she was discovered lifeless in South Ealing, west London,  just after midnight. She had several stab wounds and, despite the best efforts of paramedics, she died at the scene. Met Police say they are "confident they know the woman's identity and are in the process of informing her next of kin". A post-mortem examination will be arranged in due course, reports My London. The 20-year-old suspect remains in custody at a police station in west London. A crime scene remains in place in the leafy suburb and enquiries are ongoing. Forensic teams are currently examining drops of blood found on the pavement of Askew Avenue. A witness has described hearing "helicopters and loads of sirens and shouting" in the area of the crime scene. Herbert Ali, 45, said: "It was scary. I heard helicopters and loads of sirens and shouting."  A local councillor has expressed their "sadness" at hearing of "such a tragedy". Jon Ball, the Liberal Democrat Councillor for Ealing Common ward, said on social media: "Very sad this morning to hear about the murder that took place last night in Robert’s Alley, South Ealing. Such a tragedy. Grange School, Grange Nursery and Grange Pre-School are within the police cordon so are all closed today. A parent has told of their fear for the safety of their two children, who attend Grange School. They said: "I won't let them walk back from school now. "It’s a wonder this hasn’t happened sooner. The alleyway goes all along the back of South Ealing road and to the estate down by Gunnersbury - through the back of the graveyard and all the way to Brentford. It’s dodgy. There are no lights or anything, but I thought it would be safer. There’s crime there but nothing like this. "The school's closed today, but how can you feel safe if your kids are walking back from school past where someone got murdered? My children are in year 6 but I won’t let them walk back from school now."  The investigation continues.      