Although ivy can look attractive and even add character to the outside of a property, when it gets out of control, the plant can look unkempt and even damage brickwork and fencing. Have no fear, gardening experts have suggested a natural, yet effective way for removing these invasive plants from gardens completely. When it comes to getting rid of ivy in your garden, the natural way may be the best. While it is tempting to opt for powerful weed killers, there is a less toxic way to control this climbing plant, which can cling to and damage masonry and fencing – and it may be hiding in a kitchen cabinet. Those looking to get rid of ivy (the non-poisonous kind) or even get rid of poison ivy, then they should begin with apple vinegar - a natural solution that won’t harm your garden. This tip is entirely expert approved and couldn’t come at a better time for taming this invasive plant. READ MORE: ‘Highly effective’ 27p method to kill patio weeds - ‘works quickly’ Ivy has growth spurts in spring (when its leaves may appear red or green). So, those finding themselves battling ivy, then this natural approach may be the quick solution needed. Gardening expert and Lawn Love’s CEO, Jeremy Yamaguchi advised gardeners on a natural way to kill ivy plants using apple cider vinegar. He said: “I have tried a handful of DIY solutions for getting rid of ivy, but the solution that has worked best is a combination of apple cider vinegar, dish soap, and salt.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from taps using 2p hack - ‘easy’ [TIPS]Pests: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘simple’ way to get rid of woodlice [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to ‘eliminate yellow stains’ from pillows ‘with ease’ [COMMENT] The expert suggests using one gallon of apple cider vinegar, one ounce of dish soap, and one tablespoon of salt. It is important for gardeners to prepare before they try to get rid of ivy with apple vinegar. Ivy will irritate the skin, even if mildly and poison ivy will of course inflict swollen skin, blisters, and often severe itching. HomecareHow’s Founder Edward Jones recommends wearing long sleeves, long trousers, boots, and rubber gardening gloves. The experts recommend filling a spray bottle with your solution (apple cider vinegar, dish soap, and one tablespoon of salt) and spraying the mixture onto your ivy plants thoroughly. Jeremy said: “The vinegar and salt are the agents that attack the ivy the most. “Meanwhile, the soap works to improve the vinegar’s effectiveness.” The experts say that the solution should sit on your ivy plants for at least five days - at which point it is time to check on its progress. Gardeners should return to the area regularly to check for growth. Finally, it is best to use a pruning saw and garden shears to remove the dead ivy safely. Gardeners  can even use a decorator's scraping tool to remove ivy that's clinging strongly to masonry. However, if you discover some leaves have survived, Edward recommends repeating the same process until all the ivy is dead.