The Halifax current account and savings accounts were recently rated as excellent by the experts at Moneyfacts. While the £100,000 prize draw is free to enter, there are rules to note in order to be entered. Customers who switch to the Halifax Reward Current Account can choose from a £5 monthly payment or a lifestyle benefit each month. While the account comes with a £3 monthly fee, this is waived if people pay in at least £1,500 per month. Anyone who opens a current account can also open a savings account where they will be entered into the Halifax Savers Prize Draw. Halifax is offering even more chances to win in June. READ MORE: 'Painful' - Mum on Universal Credit says 'I get a knot in tummy' The Halifax Savers Prize Draw is celebrating its tenth anniversary this June with more chances for its customers to win big cash prizes. Rather than the usual three winners of the top £100,000 prize, Halifax will be awarding ten eligible customers £100,000 in June. Ten customers will also win £10,000, while 100 people will win £1,000. In addition, 1,500 people will take home £100. DON'T MISSClaim your state pension right away - step everyone must take at 66 [INSIGHT]Fury as state pension could be axed: ‘Pension is not a benefit!’ [ALERT]Nurse heartbroken after losing £65,000 to scammer [WARNING] Although the draw is free to enter, customers need to register on the app, through online banking, or in branch. They will also need to have £5,000 or more in savings deposited into their account for a whole calendar month. So to be in with a chance to win in June, £5,000 must be in the account for the entire month of May. Providing this criteria is met, all Halifax and Bank of Scotland savings accounts qualify, with the exception of children’s savings accounts. The Halifax Reward Current Account and Ultimate Reward Account were recently rated as excellent by finance experts at Moneyfacts. Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, said: “Halifax has launched a new switching incentive of £125 for consumers who switch to either the Reward Current Account or Ultimate Reward Current Account. “The Reward Current Account may appeal to consumers looking for incentives as this account allows them to choose either a £5 net reward payment or a lifestyle benefit each month. “The account charges a £3 monthly fee, but this is waived for those who can credit the account with at least £1,500 per month. “On balance, the account earns an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea What does the Halifax account offer? 