The Duchess of Sussex took the centre stage at a polo tournament on Sunday as she presented her husband the Duke a trophy after his team, Los Padres, triumphed at the charity match. Meghan stunned in a polka dot blouse, black wide-brim hat and wide-leg shorts for the star-studded event in Santa Barbara. As he presented the Lisle Nixon Memorial trophy, Meghan kissed the cheek of each Los Padres team member. When it came to her doting husband Harry, however, the Duchess happily took his face between her hand and gave him a more impassioned kiss on the lips. After the sweet moment on the podium, the former actress couldn't help but giggle as the crowd cheered for the Sussexes. The Duchess, who donned a bright red lipstick, stained Harry's lips with her kiss and was quick to wipe the colour off with her fingers after seeing what had happened. The glamorous royal then stood among the polo players and posed for a picture as they raised their cup. The charity match was organised by the Sussexes and was in support of several local charities, including Foodback Santa Barbara County, Heal the Ocean and CALM4kids. These organisations are involved in causes close to the Sussexes' heart, including the environment, mental health and fighting hunger. Among the attendees, there was comedian and actress Rebel Wilson, who shared a photo with the Duke. READ MORE: Princess Anne sparks royal frenzy after stepping out in uniform Taking to her Instagram to publish a picture showing herself and the Duke posing with two more people, Ms Wilson simply wrote: "Team Harry!" Another attendee was Amanda Nguyen, a social entrepreneur, activist and founder of Rise, a civil rights organization. Harry and Meghan's kiss on the podium was reminiscent of another famous royal kiss taking place after a polo match - the one shared by Princess Diana and Prince Charles in 1985. Four years after their fairytale wedding at St Paul's Cathedral, the Princess of Wales handed her husband a trophy after his team won a match at the Guards Polo Club in Windsor Castle. She then kissed him on the lips, much like the Duke and Duchess did yesterday. Meghan and Harry's latest public kiss wasn't the first one shared in a similar setting. In 2018, shortly after their nuptials, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex shared a kiss on the podium after a Sentebale ISPS Handa polo event at the Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club. Prince Harry is a keen polo player and has often taken part in charity matches alongside his brother Prince William. A few weeks after the birth of her firstborn Archie Harrison, Meghan was photographed cradling her son while watching a royal charity match alongside the Duchess of Cambridge and her three children. The Duke didn't give up on his hobby even after relocating with his family to California. Harry recently joined the Los Padres team run by his old friend Nacho Figueras, and was spotted playing with them at the Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club for the first time on May 1. Meghan, Archie and Harry moved to the Montecito neighbourhood of Santa Barbara in the summer of 2020. One year later, they welcomed their daughter Lilibet 'Lili' Diana. The Duke and Duchess are preparing for their first trip to the UK as a family of four. Earlier this month, their spokesperson announced the Sussexes are to join the Queen in England in June to celebrate her historic 70th year on the throne.