Arsenal are reportedly interested in re-signing Serge Gnabry but that could have an effect on four of the club's current players. Gnabry has established himself as a star at Bayern Munich but could leave this summer with his contract set to expire in 12 months' time. Arsenal's chances of getting the German have been boosted with the news Bayern are interested in signing Liverpool star Sadio Mane. The Senegal star would likely be a direct replacement for Gnabry at the Allianz Arena. The Guardian says Mane wants to leave Anfield and the Bundesliga giants are preparing an offer. Gnabry had a spell at Arsenal earlier in his career and has never hidden his admiration for the north London club. However, his arrival could potentially put several players' noses out of joint. Express Sport looks at four Arsenal stars who could be affected by his signing. READ MORE: Transfer News LIVE: Man Utd 'close to agreement', Liverpool blow, Raphinha latest  Saka has nothing to worry about in terms of losing his starting spot. However, he may have to change position if Gnabry joins. Gnabry spends the majority of his time as a right-winger, the position Saka has made his own at the Emirates. It would be interesting to see which player would be moved out of their favourable starting spot. Martinelli has scored just two goals in 2022 and that could prove costly if Gnabry signs. The Brazilian has not been able to nail down a spot like Saka has. Martinelli has the potential to play as a central striker in the future. However, he must be careful not to become an impact player and must rise to the challenge that Gnabry's arrival would bring. DON'T MISSMan Utd look set to sign another Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and Nani [OPINION]Arsenal have four players Bayern Munich may accept in audacious Serge Gnabry swap deal [COMMENT]Ole Gunnar Solskjaer regrets Man Utd signing Cristiano Ronaldo [REPORT]  Like Martinelli, Smith Rowe had a quiet second half of the season under Mikel Arteta. Both players often interchanged as to who was starting on the left of attack. Martin Odegaard's success in the No 10 role meant Smith Rowe will find it hard to get regular game time in that position. Gnabry joining will only increase the difficulty to start on a regular basis. Pepe has not made a Premier League start since last October. If he has not already expressed his desire to leave this summer, the signing of Gnabry will surely make him do so. Arsenal are unlikely to get anywhere near the club-record £72million they spent on the winger. Any money they do get will help create space for incomings such as Gnabry.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here