Moths enter properties through contaminated food or clothing items brought into the house. They can also enter through windows and are attracted to light, which is why they are commonly more seen during the warmer months. However, with there being so many varieties of moths, Mrs Hinch fans have taken to social media to ask how they can get rid of these pests in their homes. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one man asked for advice on how to combat his moth dilemma. Martin Hutchinson wrote: “Our deep pile hallway/stair carpet has been ravaged by tiny little moths. “I’ve tried everything to get rid of them for the last 12 months to no avail. “Now I need to replace it but I don’t want to have the same problem.” READ MORE: Oven cleaning: ‘The right technique’ to clean oven door glass properly Moths are small in size and can destroy fabric as well as other materials. They often feed on wool, fur, silk, feathers and leather. Moths are now a year-long problem, with a noticeable emergence of them in April and May and a second wave in August and September. Amongst the many comments on Martin’s post, the most popular solution was to use lavender oil as a deterrent. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove ‘awful’ smells from washing machines [COMMENT]Homeowners could face £5,000 fine following Queen’s Platinum Jubilee [EXPERT]Cleaning: Effective 29p hack to remove mould from bathroom ceilings [TIPS] Jane Campey said: “My daughter had a bit of an infestation and used lavender oil dotted around her living room and the cupboard they preferred - seemed to help as there is only the odd moth nowadays.” Linda Roberts suggested: “Lavender oil and put it in a mist bottle and spray it all over the carpet, they won’t like that.” Michelle Hern commented: “By putting some lavender oil on a few cotton balls and placing them in the areas they’ve been spotted, it’s a highly effective method of getting rid of moths because they hate it.” John Mahler added: “Lavender oil works a treat on moths, you can really notice a difference.” Lavender smells great to us, but it's highly repellent to moths and other insects. It can also repel mosquitos and ticks. Lavender is a great natural alternative to repelling moths due to it’s pungent and pleasant aroma and natural derivatives. This oil can be purchased from Wilko for £1.50. To use lavender against moths, simply dip cotton balls in lavender oil, use it in a spray or fill a sachet with dried lavender. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using another herb such as dried cloves to repel moths. Naomi Gravina said: “I scatter dried cloves on the areas I’ve noticed moths and it seems to be working great.” Sammy Reader wrote: “Herbs work really well to get rid of moths, especially dried cloves.” Dried cloves can be picked up from supermarkets such as Tesco for as little as 85p.