Sandra, who is in her 70s, has come up with a host of money-saving techniques in a bid to make her pension pot stretch further. Growing up, her parents had to make sacrifices as money was tight following the second world war. She believes that the current crisis may see a return to the same "make-do and mend" attitude, reports North Wales Live. Sandra, from Rhyl in North Wales, said: "For people of my generation, making do with what you’ve got is second nature because we’ve done it for so long. "You get up in the morning and the first thing you think about is what you can’t do in the house, whereas if you’ve got loads of money you can put the heating on, be warm, and do as you please. "I think people are going to have to go back to the fifties and to how people lived then."  Now in her seventies, Sandra says she's had to make savings wherever she can to make her retirement pot stretch. This includes using solar lights to save on the electricity, which she charges during the day. She also buys cheap wool, knitting things like draught excluders and hot water bottle covers, and only cooks once a week to save on fuel. She explained: "I only cook once a week, I fill the oven and then distribute it around my plastic dishes and freeze them, so I’ve got most of my week’s food done.  Although she takes a practical approach to money-saving and does not like to dwell on things, Sandra is saddened by the current climate. She said: "For me, I never had luxurious things, so I’m used to it, but children should be able to be warm and well-fed but now some children are missing out on that. "Personally I don’t drink or smoke and never have, but I never thought I’d be so poor in my old age. I’ve worked my whole life from when I was 15, and it is hard work sometimes not being able to use things in the house. It’s very worrying for everybody at the moment. Everybody is trying to save and make ends meet."  Despite her concerns, Sandra remains hopeful for the future and thinks others could benefit from her savvy approach. "I have loads of saving ways and I think other people on very poor incomes could use them too. "It doesn’t have to be a big thing, but each little saving adds up to a bit more and there are lots of things out there. "If you’re disabled for example, you might be able to get a discount on council tax, it’s just knowing where to look. "And there are lots of changes you can make, like cooking pizzas at home instead of buying them. "I’ve knitted myself a water bottle cover and it’s amazing how much you can knit with just £1 worth of wool.” Sandra says her money-saving tips may be small, but the savings add up. She has even found a way to save on vet bills: "My little dog has a heart condition, and the tablets were going to cost £78 a month and I was worried sick about how I would pay but I turned to the RSPCA and now I pay that amount for six months’ worth." For bigger savings, Sandra points out there are council tax grants or credit card repayment schemes which have been launched in response to the crisis. This week, finance guru Martin Lewis revealed on ITV's This Morning that there are up to 7 million people in the country who are not getting the benefits they are entitled to. Speaking to a tearful mum-of-two named Julie, who was in £5,000 debt across two credit cards, Martin urged the caller to use the Money Saving Expert Benefits Calculator to see if she was entitled to any further support. He said: "Just for everybody else watching, my rough rule of thumb is if you have family income, especially if you've got kids, under £30,000 it is absolutely worth spending 10 minutes on a benefits check-up calculator." Most people are aware by now that the Welsh Government is offering a £150 council tax payment scheme for some households, but there are a host of other lesser-publicised grants people could be entitled to. One example is British Gas' recent collaboration with musician Professor Green to offer those struggling with the cost of living crisis up to £750 in support. According to Welsh charity Care & Repair, which supports vulnerable people in Wales, elderly people are less likely to know what benefits they are entitled to. According to the Older People’s Commissioner for Wales, over £200 million of Pension Credit went unclaimed in Wales last year.