  Clarksons Farm star Jeremy Clarkson has admitted he wishes the UK’s 2020 Eurovision entry Sam Ryder “hadn’t entered” the competition this year. The former Top Gear host went on to explain how he felt the singer’s talents have been wasted on the competition because he was “always going to get beaten” by the Ukrainian entry for this year.     Jeremy, 62, has shared his thoughts on the UK’s chances in the Eurovision Song Contest this year. Britain has a reputation for placing at the bottom of the leaderboard year after year. Sam, 32, is hoping to change our country’s fortunes this year, however, with his positively-received song SPACE MAN. Despite the hype, Jeremy remains unconvinced that this year could spell victory for us Brits.      But he did praise Sam for his incredible vocal capabilities in his latest column. “For some time, I’ve been listening in awe to Sam Ryder singing on TikTok,” Jeremy wrote. “He may be a vegetablist and a beardy but he seems like a nice lad and his voice has the power to knock down walls. “Which is why I wish he hadn’t entered this year’s Eurovision Song Contest.”      This year, Ukraine is tipped to do well in the competition - a likelihood that can be attributed, at least in part, to Russia’s brutal ongoing invasion of the country. Meanwhile, Russia has been banned from Eurovision, with the European Broadcasting Union making their final ruling on the matter back in February. Reflecting on Sam’s talents, Jeremy continued: “He was always going to get beaten by the Ukrainian entry. “Even if they’d fielded two dogs barking at one another,” he added in his piece for the Sun.      The Ukrainian band Kalush Orchestra is competing on behalf of their country this year, with special permission to leave Ukraine in order to represent it at the large-scale European event. The group mixes traditional Ukrainian rhythms, costumes and dance moves with contemporary hip hop and will be performing their song “Stefania”. Eurovision is being held in Turin thanks to Italy’s big win last year. Rock band Måneskin won with their song Zitti E Buoni and have gone on to enjoy commercial success.      The Grand Final will be held tonight with 25 countries competing in the hopes of winning the title for their countries. Rylan Clark and Scott Mills provided the commentary for the semi-finals earlier this week. Meanwhile, Graham Norton will reprise his role as commentator for the event this evening. Sam, who was discovered through TikTok, has been updating his followers about the competition via social media as he prepares for his big performance.   