PSV Eindhoven superstar Cody Gakpo has confirmed he will assess his options this summer with Arsenal and Liverpool linked. However, the Dutch international has warned a summer transfer must not put his place in the Netherlands Word Cup squad at risk. Gakpo has enjoyed a stellar campaign as PSV beat Eredivisie champions Ajax to lift the KNVB Cup, with the winger scoring 21 goals and registering 15 assists in 47 appearances. This rich vein of form has understandably led to the 23-year-old being linked with a host of Europe's elite clubs, with Barcelona, Bayern Munich, and Manchester United all said to be interested. Gakpo has now addressed the transfer speculation, and admits 'anything can happen' in the summer transfer window. The prolific attacker has also not ruled out remaining with PSV, stressing his priority is earning his place in the Netherlands squad for this winter's World Cup in Qatar. Gakpo told Dutch outlet De Telegraaf: "Anything can happen this summer. I will now calmly compare all the options and see what is best for me. Staying another year is also an option. "It would be a shame if I went somewhere where I wouldn't get a [game] at all and I could miss the World Cup. I'll keep that in mind." Gakpo has not been shy about outlining his Premier League ambitions in the past, expressing his admiration for Arsenal and childhood idol Thierry Henry. The Gunners were said to have considered a January move following Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's exit, only for the winger to extend his deal in Eindhoven until 2026. Arsenal remain in need of attacking reinforcements this summer, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah yet to sign new contracts to remain in North London. The latest study from CIES Observatory which ranks the most valuable players in European value has assigned Gakpo a valuation of £42million. PSV technical director John de Jong admits it is inevitable the winger will eventually depart for a 'top club', but earlier this season cast doubt as to whether a sale would be agreed this summer. He told reporters: "Gakpo will of course not stay in Eindhoven forever. He will go to a top club in a top league in the future. Or will that happen next summer? That's hard to say."