This simple question reveals a lot about the debate on “culture wars” in the UK – and how it has changed in just the past couple of years. When we asked the public for their views on “woke” at the end of 2020, they were completely split, with the most common answer being “I don’t know what that means”, and the rest evenly divided into seeing it as a compliment or an insult.  Yet as the attention paid to cultural conflicts in the country has grown, so too has awareness of “woke” – and people are increasingly seeing it as an insult, with a third now interpreting it this way, up from a quarter. How views have evolved depends a lot on people’s characteristics. The share of Conservative voters who see “woke” as a negative has risen significantly since 2020, while Labour voters are the only group to now be slightly more likely to see it as a compliment. “Cancel culture” is another of the key phrases of our times, and we’ve seen even more dramatic changes here. In 2020, half of the public had never even heard of “cancel culture”, but this has halved in 2022, no doubt driven by an explosion of media interest in the term. It hadn’t been used at all in mainstream UK newspapers up until in 2018, yet was mentioned in 3,670 articles in 2021. More generally, our views on how divided we are have shifted: a majority now agree that the UK is divided by culture wars, also up from our last study. Evidence from the US – which has become incredibly polarised, in part because of culture war debates – shows these sorts of conflicts are related to the broader political and media messages working their way through to public consciousness, and ultimately reinforcing a greater sense of division. The UK has very different historic, cultural and political contexts to the US, so it’s not inevitable that we will follow them into a deeply polarised society. But the trends suggest we shouldn’t be complacent about following our own path to greater division. Woke and cancel culture are far from top priorities for most people in their day-to-day lives – we are much more focused on immediate problems, not least the rocketing cost of living. But more people are tuning into the culture war debate in the UK, and seeing cultural change as a source of tension. This is not just about disagreements on particular issues. Instead, culture wars can lead to implacable conflict between two tribes with utterly opposing views of the world, where compromise is incredibly difficult to achieve. Our culture and values, and how they’re changing, are completely legitimate, in fact, essential subjects for political discussion – but how we do that is important, and we need to take the heat out of the debate. The speed and scale of our adoption of culture war rhetoric in the UK is a risky game – because no one really wins a culture war, not for long at least.  Professor Bobby Duffy is director of the Policy Institute at King’s College London. 