Many motorists are describing the cameras as ‘cash cows’ as they catch thousands of drivers a day. One camera set up in a 20mph zone in Plymouth caught 1,100 drivers on just the first day it was activated. While officials say the camera is needed in order to save lives, others have simply branded it as a money-making exercise. In an eight week test period before the camera went live, over 23,500 motorists were caught out - a figure branded "troubling" by a police chief. Similar schemes are being rolled out all over the UK, to combine with a raft of new 20mph zones in towns and residential areas. And many Brits are furious with what they see as an unrealistic limit. READ MORE: Driver caught speeding at 140mph - 'total disregard for safety' Flocking to Express.co.uk to vent their displeasure, hundreds of drivers said that something of a war on cars has begun. Reader ‘Duncanwalker1’ wrote: “I will 100 percent guarantee that there wasn't a single accident or incident at any time these cars were caught and nobody will have been injured in any way, shape or form. “Proves 100 percent that these cash cameras are there just to raise cash and lots of it and considering that there are around 37 Million drivers in the UK I don't understand why they do not start some push back against this war on the driver that is being waged. “Drivers must make up one of the biggest voter bases there is in the UK if not the biggest and they need to join together and fight these greedy councils.” Another commenter ‘Proudscot’ agreed, writing: “This war against the car and drivers has got to stop. “We are being picked on, victimised, used as cash cows for useless councils to squander the cash they get from us. We need somehow to get organised to fight back. “Like it or not the car is absolutely vital in today's age. There is no getting away from that fact and there's little or no alternative. It's part of our society and we MUST make allowances for that fact, not criminalise us. “We need a champion or a group to step forward and start the campaign against car haters, and the sooner the better.We are NOT progressing. We are REGRESSING...back to the days of the horse.” ‘GorbalsMick’ added: “Legalised theft is creating laws to get money from people. GATSOcameras, taxing pensions, yellow boxes with cameras in heavy traffic areas, congestion charging, ULEZ, need I go on?” While ‘1down1up’ replied “(It) will be down to 10mph soon so they can bring in more dosh!” But there was some support for speed restrictions in the comment section. ‘Ezergood’ countered: “One day it may dawn on drivers that it is their appalling standard of driving that is leading to speed limits to be continually lowered.” Meanwhile, ‘StanParker’ wrote: “Speeders need to be fined, they are anti-social and potential killers. “Any driver receiving three consecutive fines should be banned from driving for at least six months. “Better to arrive late than Dead on time!” ‘KDave’ cheekily added: I wonder how many cyclists set off the camera and got off scot free!”