BBC Weather's Ben Rich said conditions will remain unsettled in Scotland and north England with scattered showers but sunny spells should return by Saturday. He said: "This band of rain will clear eastwards. It will keep a few showers in northwestern parts but for many it turns dry overnight. "Clear for a time although we will see more cloud rolling in from the west later in the night. "Saturday will bring some cloud and some outbreaks of rain splashing across Northern Ireland and the western side of Scotland. "But for much of England and Wales, a lot of dry weather through the day. "Some spells of sunshine, equally some areas of cloud. READ MORE: Saharan dust cloud to descend over Europe amid thunderstorms "The chance of some light showers across southwestern England up into Wales. "Temperatures 21C and maybe 17C in Liverpool, fine afternoon for much of England." He added: "As we go into Saturday night, we start to see more cloud fringing into western areas. "But with that as well, a feed of southwesterly winds bringing a return of something warmer as we get into the second half of the weekend with temperatures climbing to around 23C." The UK is set to be "cooler than it has been" with widespread showers across the country, as the recent spell of unseasonably warm weather comes to an end, the Met Office has said. Some parts of the South East will reach 21C (70F) on Saturday, but this will be the last day of sunshine for some time, as another weather front on Sunday will bring showers from the West and cooler temperatures. Richard Miles, of the Met Office, said there is a chance that the high pressure system from the continent, responsible for the high temperatures and dramatic thunderstorms seen in some areas this week, will "encroach into the very far corner of the South East early next week" and bring yet more thunderstorms to the region". However, forecasters now consider the possibility of blood rain, when relatively high concentrations of red dust or particles get mixed into rain and make it look red-hued as it falls, to be unlikely as this continental weather system loses its grip on the UK. DON'T MISS UK heatwave map: Exact areas likely to see scorching 23C blast [MAP]‘Dangerous’ storms and 'life-threatening' tempest to smash Europe [INSIGHT]Brits to bask in long sunshine spells making the day 'pleasantly warm' [VIDEO] Blood rain, when it occurs in the UK, often leaves desert sand residue on cars and other surfaces. Mr Miles said that the recent good weather "is going to fall off Monday, Tuesday. "Most places early next week will be feeling cooler than they have been this week." Elsewhere in the country will see "temperatures generally trending down to closer to average", Mr Miles said, "with showers coming from the West", with temperatures of 16C (61F) in the South West and 14C (57F) in parts of the North East. The average temperature for the month of May in England is 16C (60.8F), but temperatures soared to 27.5C (81.5F) on Tuesday in south-eastern areas.