Better Call Saul season six has been airing on AMC and Netflix, and it has thrown up a lot of surprises. In episode five, a glass block was seen with a ruler sitting in the middle, with the message In liebe... deine jungs. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what it means. The glass tribute to Werner Ziegler (played by Rainer Bock) has dominated the latest episode of the crime drama. The German inscription has left everyone with plenty of questions about the German architect. He had been overseeing the construction of Gus Fring's (Giancarlo Esposito) super-lab and was killed for breaching an agreement. 'Liebe' translated from German to English means 'love'. The full phrase translates to 'With Love... Your Boys.' READ MORE: Better Call Saul season 6: Bryan Cranston teases secretive return Werner's wife Margarethe (Andrea Sooch) had been in possession of the heartfelt message. The glass plaque had been created by the men who had spent time with her husband. They were unable to tell her about his demise otherwise they too would be killed. Their way of grieving and paying their respects was through the tribute. Fans discovered how Werner treated his employees like they were his own sons. Therefore it would make sense why they would offer his wife such a touching gift. However, the plaque could lead to trouble after Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton) discovered the company that made it. Lalo could end up finding Gus's super-lab and Werner's old team. After surviving the failed assassination attempt, Lalo decided to head to Germany to learn more about Werner and his mysterious connection to Gus. He posed as a man called Ben to track down Margarethe and find out about her husband. DON'T MISS...‘It wasn’t my choice’ Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn opens up on role [INTERVIEW] Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Mike to kill Kim Wexler after clue? [THEORY] Why did Nacho Varga have to die in Better Call Saul? Actor opens up [INSIGHT] He seems to have the upper hand at this moment in time, so Gus may find himself in danger soon enough. Episode six is titled Axe and Grind and it will air on May 16. A brief summary has been given, which reads: "Kim and Jimmy enlist a knowledgeable contact; Howard scrutinizes Jimmy’s business practices." Fans are eagerly awaiting the return of Breaking Bad stars Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul. The pair will be making a comeback as Walter White and Jesse Pinkman in the spin-off's final season. However it has not been confirmed which episode they will show up in. The pair opened up about how they were hidden from the public and "given code names" when filming their scenes. Speaking to Rolling Stone, Cranston said: "We were flown in. We were told we can't leave. "So we were almost like witnesses in a protection program. "[I] flew in, went to a private place at the airport, walked off the plane and into a car, had to have a coat and a hood over my head. They even gave us code names. I think we were Bert and Ernie."  Better Call Saul season 6 airs on Mondays on AMC and Tuesdays on Netflix.