Dame Deborah James has said she is "embracing the feeling of the rain on her face" because it "might be the last time". The You, Me and the Big C podcast host was made a dame on Friday, after the Duke of Cambridge visited her at her parents' home in Woking, Surrey, to personally hand over the honour. The former headteacher has been campaigning for cancer and has since been moved to hospice care with her family after battling stage four bowel cancer since 2016. Taking to her Instagram stories today, the 40-year-old shared her "Thought of the day..." In view of her 736,000 followers, the campaigner shared a candid quote she received from a late friend. Deborah wrote: "A late friend once told me to embrace the rain, because you never knew when the last time you might feel the rain on your face is... so am embracing it! Albeit with blankets." READ MORE: Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' Her candid message comes just days after the podcast host enjoyed an afternoon of tea and champagne with Prince William, as he presented her with a Damehood for her tireless fundraising efforts. Her Bowel Babe fund, which was launched last week to raise money for Cancer Research UK, has received more than £6million in donations. Sharing pictures of their meeting on Instagram, Deborah penned: "Prince William actually came to our family house today! "I am utterly honoured that he joined us for afternoon tea and champagne, where he not only spent a generous amount of time talking to my whole family but also honoured me with my Damehood."  She continued: "It’s quite surreal having a royal pop in at home, and yes you can imagine the cleaning antics and preparation went off the scale - but it was all irrelevant because William was so kind and he put us all at ease. "He is clearly passionate about improving oncology outcomes as the President of the Royal Marsden. "It was such a special day for my whole family, making memories to last a lifetime. He’s welcome back any time!" Deborah added the hashtags: "#damehood #onceinalifetime #princewilliam #royalfamily @royalmarsden @cr_uk @bowelbabefund @bowelcanceruk @dukeandduchessofcambridge." DON'T MISS... Putin 'exposed' as 'strategic idiot' claims Piers Morgan[LATEST]Demi Rose goes topless in new pic as she returns to 'natural' look[PICTURES]A Place In The Sun's Danni Menzies flashes bottom in tiny bikini[INSTAGRAM] The cancer campaigner was inundated with support in the comments section. Mother Pukka commented: "Properly balling. You are everything Debs. Dame Debs." Alison Perry remarked: "Deborah!!!!! I can’t put into words how amazing this is. Prince William!! Just popping over! You deserve this and more." All That's Pretty added: "Oh Dame!! How utterly wonderful!!!!! You are incredible! This is how incredible you are !!! You deserve it all." In a follow-up post, Deborah said: "I believe I may have had the most surreal, mind blowing, humbling 5 days of my life. "I cannot thank you for your generosity at launching the @bowelbabefund which now stands at £5.7 million, and to the @dukeandduchessofcambridge for going above and beyond to make a very special memory happen yesterday." She went on: "Can’t quite believe I'm actually a Dame! My family are being amazing and as emotional as it all is, we are finding so much to smile about in the sadness. "I may be getting weaker and more tired each tired having run off pure adrenaline, but my word, I always said I wanted to slide in sideways when my time is up, with a massive smile, no regrets and a big glass of champagne! Still my intention!!!" 