 On Wednesday, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge visited the Design Museum to award London designer, Saul Nash, this year’s Queen Elizabeth II Award for fashion design. The award is given in order to recognise the cultural and trade role that British design has played during the reign of Her Majesty. Kate followed in the footsteps of several royal women, including Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who presented the award to Bethany Williams three years ago.  Kate and Camilla are set to take on more involved roles within the Firm under Prince Charles’ kingship, with the Duchesses both carrying out regular solo engagements. While Camilla will take on the title of Queen Consort, as recently endorsed by the monarch, Kate is expected to become Princess of Wales, a title last held by Princess Diana. Since marrying into the Royal Family, Kate and Camilla have earned their places as successful working royals. Both have championed their own causes, with Kate’s work often centring around children, in particular providing support in the earliest years of life, and Camilla being a passionate advocate in the fight against domestic violence.  Royal expert Tina Brown has claimed that the two women share a trait that has led to their success in the Royal Family. Ms Brown, author of the new book ‘The Palace Papers’, told Washington Post live last week that the Duchesses’ stoicism and ability to act discreetly have allowed them to transition into life as full-time working royals relatively seamlessly. Speaking about Camilla, she said: “​​She has never complained. I mean, her maxim is always thou shalt not whine. She's never leaked. She simply toughed it out. “And she did it without a kind of, you know, sort of mea culpa or anything. She just simply laughed it off and just toughed it out.  “Britain — the British like that very much because that's stoic.” Ms Brown added that since Camilla became the Duchess of Cornwall, she has not “put a foot wrong”. The author likened Camilla to Kate, who dated Prince William for ten years before their wedding in 2011. Ms Brown described the Duchess of Cambridge’s decade-long wait for her proposal as a game of “Snakes and Ladders”, during which she could have “stepped on a serpent at any time and gone straight to the bottom”. DON'T MISS: Meghan's reason to travel to Invictus Games questioned by expert [REVEAL] Royal family news: Number of Britons wanting to ditch monarchy SOARS [INSIGHT] 'Do the right thing' Kenyans petition Prince William over evictions [SPOTLIGHT]  She said: “Like Camilla, Kate has never said or leaked an indiscreet word. It required a family that really erected a Praetorian guard around her.” Both Kate and Camilla are known to be very close to their families. Kate’s mother, Carole Middleton, is reportedly a regular visitor at her daughter’s royal home, while Camilla shares tight bonds with her sister, Annabel, and her two children, Tom and Laura. Ms Brown claimed that the Duchesses’ families were the “other most important thing” in being a success in the Royal Family.  She referred to Camilla’s father, the late Major Bruce Shand, whose response when news of his daughter's affair with the Prince of Wales became public in the early Nineties was: "The best policy is to keep our traps shut". Ms Brown said: “Camilla had the Shand family, who, you know, the Major comes out and says our family says, you know, keep your trap shut. “That was the philosophy of the Shands — incredibly supportive, loyal, warm, wrapped Camilla in the family blanket. “Same thing with the Middletons. You know, they forged this guard around her, particularly Carole Middleton, wonderful strategist, the Kris Jenner of Bucklebury — you know, we're absolutely focused on her children and making them successful.  “And you know, it worked. I mean, she was a kind of wonderful home counties tiger mom, and she's absolutely kept — you know, her children have all done extraordinarily well. “So you have that with Kate. So they were hugely important.”