Liverpool may have lost the Champions League final on Saturday, but Michael Owen claimed that his former side were still the best team in Europe. The BT Sport pundit received a lot of criticism for his views, but he has been backed by talkSPORT host Simon Jordan. Jordan has called Liverpool "undeniable" as he echoed Owen's views about their European dominance, despite losing 1-0 to Real Madrid in the Champions League final. Liverpool were just two games away from winning the quadruple, but a late fightback from Manchester City snatched the Premier League title away from Jurgen Klopp, and a Vinicius Jr goal came between the Reds and the European Cup. Liverpool still won two trophies this season, but their unfortunate end to a great campaign has dampened spirits. But Jordan has backed Owen's claims that they are still the best team, despite calls from some fans that their achievements have been heightened this season. "I think Liverpool are the best team in Europe," Jordan said on talkSPORT. JUST IN: Chelsea wonderkid speaks out on future after Arsenal 'make contact'  "I think they’re feral, they’re electric, they’re almost undeniable. Liverpool are a better side than Real Madrid, I don’t care about individual games. "I mean Chelsea beat Barcelona in the semi final of the Champions League when it was universally accepted that Barcelona were a better side. An individual game doesn’t mean a team is better.  DON'T MISS Liverpool and Real Madrid players score 3/10 in French media's ratings Liverpool star Henderson was furious with Mane during UCL final defeat  "I think Liverpool from every aspect, from the goalkeeper to their centre forward, are a better side. They’re more aggressive, they’re easier on the eye and they’re more feral. "To me, there is something about Liverpool, not just because they’re an English club because I’m no fan of Liverpool football club. I believe in my mind they’re a better team than Real Madrid."  It was a case of so close yet so far for Liverpool, who were essentially denied the treble due to the heroics of Madrid goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois, and then the quadruple after Ilkay Gundogan inspired a late City comeback on the final day of the Premier League season. But some fans have argued that they've failed to turn up in the big games. Liverpool played in three finals this season, and failed to score in any of them. They beat Chelsea on penalties in both the FA Cup and Carabao Cup finals, and couldn't score past Madrid as they ended their season in disappointment.  But Jordan's views have come off the back of Owen's instant reaction to Liverpool's defeat. I still believe that they are the best team in Europe," Owen said. "Just because you win the trophy, there’s a lot more to be said for who’s the best team. Liverpool are still the team to beat." "Real Madrid have got past them today, but you know as well as anyone that a one-off game is a one-off game. I still think they’re the most fearsome team in Europe and they’ve not got any of the big two trophies to show for it, that’ll be the biggest pill to swallow." 