The cast of Gogglebox won the award for Reality and Constructed Factual at Sunday's BAFTA TV Awards, and they branded it as "unbelievable". However, when asked if they would be leaving the Channel 4 series any time soon to pursue other ventures, Marcus insisted he was focused on helping young people in his community but noted "money changes everything". The popular Channel 4 show has added another award to its long list of achievements, and with the show making many of the cast household names, what would it take for one of the fan favourites to try something new? Speaking to the press, including Express.co.uk, at the BAFTA TV awards, Marcus shared: "Money changes everything, but for me, I run a boxing gym, and my passion is helping children in the community with knife crime and gun crime. "I'm in a rough area, so anything that involves that is always going to be my real passion, saving the young people and giving them a safe place to live in. "Gogglebox has helped because they can see someone like them who is from the hood who can make it too, that's the most important thing about this." Read More: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah Ferguson 'Can't believe it' Opening up on why he loves the show so much, he added: "Literally you can walk down your stairs right and start getting paid for watching TV. "What job is better than that? You ain't got to learn no lines, and you can cuss and swear." Meanwhile, his co-star Lee Riley gave an update on his co-star Jenny Newby who missed the latest episode due to an operation. He explained: "She was supposed to be here but she had to have a minor operation and came this week so she couldn't turn it down and is still in hospital. "She will be watching in her hospital bed." He went on to reveal Jenny now never leaves the house without make-up on and didn't watch Gogglebox for the first three years. "Jenny would never go out without make-up on after we started Gogglebox," Lee dished. "People would come up to her, and she didn't watch the show for about three years. "Of course, it's all edited, and we have no idea what goes out. So she started watching it so she could respond to people about what she said." DON’T MISS…Doctor Who writer details real reason Ncuti Gatwa landed Time Lord role [LATEST]Selling Sunset’s Emma Hernan confirms rekindled romance with Christine ex 'Double-dipped' [LATEST]Anne Hegerty replacement speaks out on 'terrifying' Beat the Chasers stint  [LATEST] The much-loved show gained additional support from its loyal online fan base when viewers tweeted their annoyance as several audience members at the BAFTAs were seen not clapping when the cast collected the award. @bethanlooms tweeted: "The audience seem quite snobby not wanting to clap for Gogglebox winning at the #Baftas LOL." @LadyFerny spotted the same thing and added: "Snobs not clapping for gogglebox." Marcus' gym helped to launch his son's boxing career. Shiloh Defreitas is Marcus's son from a previous relationship and is yet to appear on the Channel 4 show. Now boxing in the professional leagues, his amateur career began with his dad at Marcus' gym TM Boxing. Founded in 2009, Marcus oversaw his son's 85-fight amateur career, using his gym as their primary training spot. Shiloh appears under the name of Sugar Shy and won gold for Team England at the Commonwealth Youth Games in the Bahamas in 2017. New episodes of Gogglebox air on Fridays at 9pm on Channel 4.