Former world No 31 Sergiy Stakhovsky has taken to social media to oppose Rafael Nadal's claim that Wimbledon's recent decision to ban Russian and Belarusian athletes from competing at this year's tournament was unfair. The All England Club confirmed last week that players from both countries will be denied entry to this year’s tournament amid the ongoing invasion of Ukraine. Nadal, who has claimed the top prize at Wimbledon on two occasions in 2008 and 2010, is widely expected to play at the tournament this summer as he looks to add to his total of 21 career Grand Slam titles with another triumph in London. He recently hit out at organisers with regards to their decision to ban Russian and Ukrainian players, though, by insisting that they are not responsible for the current military situation in eastern Europe. "I think it's very unfair to my Russian tennis mates, my colleagues, in that sense it's not their fault what's happening in this moment with the war," Nadal told reporters at the Madrid Open on Sunday. "Let's see what happens in the next weeks, if the players will take some kind of decision. There's one thing that's negative, there are things that are clear. When the government imposes some restrictions, you just have to follow them." JUST IN: Novak Djokovic opens up on his Boris Becker 'heartbreak' after jail It seems as though Nadal's comments on the ban did not go down well with Kyiv native Stakhovsky, who slammed the Spaniard's view with a passionate rant on Twitter in which he highlighted the gravity of the current situation in his home country. "We competed together... we’ve played each other on tour," wrote Stakhovsky in response to Nadal. "Please tell me how it is fair that Ukrainian players cannot return home? How it is fair that Ukrainian kids cannot ply tennis? How is it fair that Ukrainians are dying?" The ban is set to see the likes of Daniil Medvedev and Andrey Rublev denied the chance to play at Wimbledon later this year, with the next edition of the tournament set to get underway in late June. Nadal's view on the situation was recently echoed by two-time Wimbledon champion Andy Murray, who expressed his sympathy towards those affected when quizzed on the topic in Madrid. "I feel really bad for the players who aren't allowed to play and I get that it will seem unfair obviously to them," said the Scot. "I'm friendly and close with some of them and I feel bad for them. "But I also know some of the people who work at Wimbledon as well, they do care about the players. I think that the guidance from the government was not helpful because my understanding of the guidance was that Russians and Belarusians can play if they sign a declaration that they're against the war and against the Russian regime. "I'm not sure how comfortable I would feel if that was a decision that was taken because if something happened to one of the players or their families, that's obviously not good either." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE