Real Madrid are ‘extremely confident’ of signing Kylian Mbappe on a free transfer this summer, according to reports. The France international has long been a top target for Florentino Perez. And with his contract at the Parc des Princes winding down, a sensational move to the Bernabeu could be on the cards. Mbappe has teased a decision on his future imminently, with the PSG star saying over the weekend: “I can’t say about my future but you’ll know very soon… it’s almost decided. “This isn’t the right moment but yes, yes… my decision is almost done.” And Fabrizio Romano, writing for CaughtOffside, has claimed Real are ‘extremely confident’ they’ll land the 23-year-old this summer. “Real Madrid are extremely confident about signing Kylian Mbappe after new contacts with the player’s camp, awaiting his official answer in the coming days,” he wrote. “Meanwhile, PSG are aware that they have done everything possible to keep their star player. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “In my opinion, bringing in Kylian Mbappe on a free transfer at just 23 is something sensational. “Certainly, in the best three transfers in recent football history. Real Madrid would finally have a true superstar to replace Cristiano Ronaldo. “If Mbappe were to sign with Real Madrid, the decision on who could be his replacement would be taken with the manager of PSG 2022/2023. “And at the moment it’s not certain if it’s going be again Mauricio Pochettino, because the feeling around the club is that Pochettino has a good chance to leave PSG in the coming weeks. “We know the resources are there for a big name to come in in Mbappe’s place, but we’ll have to see what happens with the manager situation first.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Real have long courted Mbappe. They had the striker on trial when he was 12, only to end up missing out on having him on their books. And it was a similar story in 2017, too. Real had hoped to sign Mbappe from Monaco after his goals had propelled the French side to the Ligue 1 title. Yet PSG, not content with raiding Barcelona for Neymar, then proceeded to land the 23-year-old as well. Real have put all their resources aside when it comes to signing Mbappe on a free transfer this summer. And that’s part of the reason they didn’t fight overly hard to beat Manchester City to the signing of Erling Haaland. If Mbappe goes to Madrid, it’s feasible he’ll be deployed on the left wing under Carlo Ancelotti. That would allow Vinicius Jr to play on the right, with skipper Karim Benzema then operating through the middle. All signs currently point to Mbappe heading to Real this summer after months of intense speculation. But, should he end up staying at PSG, talkSPORT’s Alex Crook thinks Real could try and raid Liverpool for Mohamed Salah as an alternative. “I thought they [Liverpool] would do all they could to keep him,” said Crook. “There have been some public statements, suggestions they haven’t quite managed to come up with an agreement yet. “Real Madrid haven’t signed Kylian Mbappe, that’s still up in the air. “I think it he does stay then surely Mo Salah is next on the list and if Mo Salah does leave Liverpool then Real Madrid will probably be the only club that would attract him.”