The Prime Minister is currently in Stoke-on-Trent where he is set to hold a cabinet meeting to discuss major upcoming events for the year, including the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and Commonwealth Games. In addition to these topics, he is playing up the government's multi-million pound investment in local regeneration schemes.  When speaking at a North Staffordshire pottery factory ahead of an earlier visit to Churchill China, in Sandyford, the Prime Minister was questioned about the new Partygate fines. Mr Johnson told StokeonTrentLive reporters that he would be saying "a lot" more on the subject once the police investigation was over. When asked if he received a fine, he said: "I haven’t but I’ll be saying a lot more about that when the investigation is concluded." It is understood that the latest fines relate to a Christmas party in December 2020, which Mr Johnson did not attend.  The new fixed penalty notices, issued for breaches of Covid restrictions in Downing Street, bring the total number of Partygate fines issued to 100. Mr Johnson, his wife Carrie Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were among those to be fined last month for attending the PM's birthday gathering on June 19, 2020.  When announcing the away day last week, Boris said: "I’m delighted to bring cabinet to Stoke-on-Trent today - a city which is the beating heart of the ceramics industry and an example of the high-skilled jobs that investment can bring to communities. "This Government is getting on with delivering the priorities and tackling the issues that matter most to the public. This week, we’ve set out how we’ll use new landmark legislation to grow our economy to address the cost of living, and level up opportunities across the country." Opposition leader Sir Keir Starmer said he will do "the right thing and step down" if found to have broken the law in April 2021. A beer-and-curry gathering in April 2020, organised by Labour, is subject to an inquiry after Sir Keir and his deputy leader had a meal and alcohol indoors with party staff when Covid rules outlawed households mixing indoors.