Ruby Barker, 25, rose to fame on Bridgerton as she played Marina Thompson, Colin Bridgerton's love interest on the last two seasons. The actress has taken to Instagram to tell her followers that she was "taking a break" from work after being hospitalised due to her "mental health struggles". Ruby shared the powerful video yesterday in view of her 232,000 Instagram followers. She began: "I am better, I have been really unwell for a really long time. I want to be honest with everyone. I have been struggling. "I am in hospital at the minute and I am going to be discharged soon and hopefully get to continue with my life. "I am going to take a little bit of a break for myself and I would encourage others, if you are struggling, do yourself a favour and take a break, stop being so hard on yourself." READ MORE: Sir David Jason hints Only Fools and Horses would be cancelled today She continued: "I was raged-filled, angry, all this intergenerational trauma bundled up inside me. "I was carrying the weight of the world on my back and now I am at the point where I have a diagnosis, I am drawing a line in the sand. "I can't carry on the way that I was, I need to change so that is what I am trying to do. I want to survive and I will survive, I am going to." Ruby concluded the video by thanking her friends and family, as well as streaming service, Netflix, for giving her an opportunity and "saving [her]". Ruby also revealed that she struggled to get her life back on track after contracting Covid-19, with her mental health struggles leading her to drop out of the West End production, Running With Lions. She said: "I cannot wait to fulfill all of my engagements and to have a good career and a good life. Because I do not want my diagnosis to be a self-fulfilling prophecy." Ruby captioned the emotional post: "Mental health week is every week for me. Off my chest. I feel like I’ve not been completely honest so this is for my followers. "Time to be transparent. I’ve been struggling since Bridgerton, this is the truth. Thank you all for supporting me, your love holds me up. #mentalhealthawareness." DON'T MISS... Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [INSTAGRAM] Amber Heard 'ruined Johnny Depp's life' lawyer claims ahead of verdict [INSIGHT] Kate Moss, 48, seen for first time since Johnny Depp testimony [PICS] Many social media users rushed to the comments to praise the actress for telling her story and wish her better health. Margoofthemoon said: "Thank you for being honest and transparent. Thank you for showing us what it means to take care of yourself and your mental health. "Thank you for the bravery and courage it takes to do that and to share it all with an open heart. Your are incredible." Faahthecurlyhairartist added: "Your such a beautiful soul! Thank you for being open to sharing. (sic). "Your message helps so many in need to hear this. All the best to you. Love you!" Shhhmorgan commented: "Thank you so so much for your transparency. "It is so important. I’m so glad you are better." If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.