Auditions for Britain’s Got Talent are still ongoing on ITV this week, and Friday night’s edition saw a range of performers take to the stage. However, a number of viewers were left confused and annoyed when young dancer Skylar Blu was invited by Alesha Dixon to compete in a behind-the-scenes video. Fans have taken to Twitter after BGT judge Alesha made an in-person visit to Skylar’s dance school to invite her to take part. Although viewers were impressed with Skylar’s dancing talents, many of them were frustrated her performance had been set up outside of the usual audition process. As the episode aired on Friday, a number of fans took to Twitter to complain about Alesha’s “staged” visit. @RyanGSoapKing11 wrote: “Skylar is so cute. Not keen on these acts that are set up though.” READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue While Rob Wood fumed: “Set up acts are so annoying.” @SteveXSPURS added: “Kill me now. Another staged bloody ‘audition’ f**k off.” And Kristian Ross complained about the show overall, commenting: “Not sure how there’s any appeal whatsoever for people to watch #BGT anymore. “Easily the most contrived and set-up show on TV. Saturday night television has truly gone down the pan.” Others were also quick to point out some potential errors in ITV’s broadcast of Skylar’s otherwise impressive routine. @FanOfTV05 speculated: “I have a feeling Skylar danced to a different song in her audition and Footprints in the Sand was edited in. Her dance didn't match the song. Just me?” After a double bill of puppet performers, Alesha was met with screams and cheers from Skylar’s dancing friends when she paid her a visit before the show. “A little birdie tells me you are an amazing dancer, and it’s always been a dream of yours to perform on Britain’s Got Talent. Is that right?” Alesha asked. DON'T MISS:Young Sheldon fans in meltdown after spotting Big Bang feature [REACTION]SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz sends support as co-star lands role [COMMENT]Riverdale cancelled: KJ Apa shares emotional reaction [INSIGHT] “So I’m here to invite you on the show to audition for Britain’s Got Talent 2022!” “I’m so super happy!” seven-year-old Skylar exclaimed in the heartwarming clip. While fans loved the performance itself, the show’s trend of staged performances have clearly become too much for long-suffering fans. Despite the backlash, Skylar wowed the judges and made it through with a “yes” from all four. Simon Cowell told her: “Incredible. I mean really incredible. So much talent, the whole routine was just immaculate. Absolutely loved it.” Alesha added: “It’s such a big deal, isn’t it? At seven years old, performing on this huge stage in front of all these people. I can’t imagine how you’re feeling, but you did so well. “You’re so talented and I just can’t wait to see what happens with you in your future. So I’m so happy for you, Skylar. Well done, darling.” Skylar’s set up audition may not have impressed all viewers at home, but the panel’s stunned reactions are surely a sign she will go far. Britain’s Got Talent continues Saturday at 8pm on ITV.