Ricky Gervais has come under fire from viewers following the launch of his Netflix comedy series, Super Nature. The programme sees the comedian making fun of cancel culture with jokes about trans people, Hitler and AIDS. While some fans have stepped in to defend the 60-year-old, others are calling for the After Life star to be cancelled completely. During Ian Collins' show on TalkTV, he invited viewers to share their thoughts on whether Ricky should be cancelled. Caller Jill from Cornwall passionately told the host if Ricky was cancelled, it would "destroy comedy full stop". "Comedy is individual, isn't it?" Jill began. "What I might find funny, someone else might be offended by. "And if someone suddenly decides to tell me what I can and can't laugh at, then that in itself would destroy comedy full stop." READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 release time: What time is it on Netflix? Sharing an example, the caller continued: "I saw someone trip in the supermarket the other day and fell across the floor." Ian laughed at Jill's story as she added: "Now I found it funny....the way they went down. "And yet some people didn't look as if it was amusing..." The host chipped in: "There's always something funny about a human falling over unless you see an elderly person who has an accident." "Somebody slipping on a surface is the stuff of sitcoms, right?" Ian added before Jill explained: "Yes, it was different. "But I just feel that once we start laying down the rules as to what you can, and can't laugh at that, in itself would destroy comedy full stop." Ian went on to question how anyone would be able to police that. Since Netflix aired a clip of Ricky's show on Twitter, many fans have stepped in to defend the comedian, claiming his jokes are harmless and funny. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's 'out of touch' Platinum Jubilee coverage sparks uproar [REACTION]Scarlette Douglas pays tribute to George Clarke ahead of new show [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn opens up on heartbreak of marriage breakdown [INSIGHT] However, some viewers have been so offended they even took drastic action to cancel their Netflix subscriptions. User @UnpackCourts raged: "I have been a subscriber since 2004. Today was my last day. Stop the transphobia." Rebecca fumed: "Hey! I’m boycotting y’all for this. I may miss Bridgerton next season but that’s the teeny price for supporting human rights. Bye." While Mia added: "Netflix, how can you produce a show with amazing trans representation with Elle (aka the goddess Yaz) and then produce a show where Ricky Gervais is transphobic. please make it make sense." (sic) On Tuesday, Ricky spoke with Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas on The One Show about his controversial jokes. The comedian defended his Netflix show as he explained comedy is to help people get through life. "I think that's what comedy is for really to get us through stuff and ideally taboo subjects because I want to take the audience to a place they've never been before even for a split second," he told the hosts. "The most offence comes from when people mistake the subject of a joke with the actual target. "So, it starts and they go, 'What's he going to say?' I tell the joke and they laugh. "It's like a parachute jump it is scary, but then you land and it's all okay." Ian Collins' TalkTV show airs weekdays from 1pm.