Former One Direction star, Harry Styles, will have his third solo album, Harry's House, hit streaming services in just a few days on May 20. The reviews for the record are already out, with many outlets praising its creativity and candour. And, to coincide with its release, Harry himself has spoken in detail about his new music. But the 28-year-old could not discuss his new tracks without touching upon his roots. Harry was drafted into One Direction back in 2010 after appearing on the X Factor talent show. The band split up six years later in 2016, just a year after Zayn Malik left the band. Harry recently looked back on his time in the band and placed a lot of praise on his bandmates. He said: "I look at people who kind of went through some version of what we went through, but on their own. I'm like... I can't imagine having done that, really. I feel really lucky that we always had each other to be this unit that felt like you could keep each other in check and you could just have someone else who gets it." Harry was speaking to Zane Lowe for Apple Music 1, where he touched upon how difficult it was dealing with the band's fame. He continued: "It's impossible to not - at times I think everyone experiences this - feel like: 'Oh, everyone else is on the other side of the glass and I'm on this side of the glass, and no one really gets it.' And I think having that [support] is kind of priceless." He then gave his fans some much-needed hope about the relationship still being shared between the members of One Direction. READ MORE: One Direction reunion 'years away' after Harry Styles career boom Zane asked: "Do you feel like that is a bond that can't be broken?" Harry replied: "I think there is very much a respect between all of us, if like, we did something together. And that is something that you can't really undo. And you know, it's like a very deep love for each other, I think." With Harry's new album about to drop, and his world tour just around the corner, the chances are he'll be focussing on his own material for the foreseeable future. But hope is not all lost just yet. Just last week, new odds were released from Ladbrokes about the band's reunion. DON'T MISS...Harry Styles tickets: Here's where you can buy Harry Brixton tickets [TICKETS]One Direction reunion 'years away' after Harry Styles career boom [INFO]Don't Worry Darling trailer: Harry Styles and Florence Pugh [TRAILER] One Direction have been given 5/1 on getting back together by the end of 2022. Ladbrokes' Alex Apati said: "Directioners should look away now; quite simply, Harry Styles' rapidly growing solo career continues to dampen chances of a 1D comeback, and while optimistic fans were hoping for a 2022 reunion - the latest odds suggest we may have to wait another two or three years." Still, it isn't all bad news considering how passionate Harry is about his new record. He described the album as "a day in the life" of being in Harry's mind. Harry said: "I think, while it obviously is a lot more electronic in a lot of places than anything I've made, it's also so much more intimate to me. And so much more intimately made. And I think in the same thing, back to what we said at the beginning of, 'You don't have to worry about me.' It was like, 'I'm going to play in my house and you can come visit 100 percent, but I'm making this because it's what I want to listen to.'" He added with a smile: "This is my favourite album at the moment, and I love it so much." Watch the full interview between Zane Lowe and Harry Styles for Apple Music 1 here.