Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepped down from their working royal roles in 2020 and headed off to the Duchess' home country of the US with their then-baby son Archie Mountbatten-Windsor. The couple had expressed their wish for a more private life away from the royal spotlight, and they have detailed their negative experiences within the Royal Family in television interviews since their exit. But now more than two years have passed since Harry and Meghan completed their final round of official engagements, the Sussexes appear to be happier than ever in the US.  Before stepping down for good in 2020, Harry and Meghan were required to attend engagements in the UK such as the Endeavour Fund Awards and a military musical festival at the Royal Albert Hall. Many commentators thought the Sussexes' reception from Royal Family members at their final UK engagement, the annual Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey, was frosty. And the final terms of their exit agreement did not reflect what the Sussexes initially expressed to want either when they announced their plans to step back, as it was announced the couple would no longer serve the Queen in any official capacity. No longer public HRHs, Harry and Meghan have faced rebuilding new lives for themselves in the US over the last two years.  READ MORE: Adorable way Princess Charlotte keeps in touch with cousins in USA But in a recent interview with Hoda Kotb for the Today show, Harry said the US feels like "home" to him now. He explained: "Home for me, now, for the time being, is in the States. And it really feels that way, as well. "We’ve been welcomed with open arms and have got such a great community up in Santa Barbara." Given Harry had only ever known his royal life in the UK, he could have faced a huge shock when he moved to the US without his working royal status.   But the "haunted" facial expressions Harry appeared to display during his final engagements in the UK two years ago are gone, and he appears to be "loving every minute" of his new life. Body language expert Judi James told Express.co.uk: "Meghan knew the world she was returning to and the potential for them as a working couple but for Harry, there could have been teething problems and worse. "Comparing his smiles and his relaxed posture now to the very haunted-looking facial and eye expressions of the man we saw during the last few months in the UK, it looks clear that he has not just found his feet in the US but that he is loving every minute of the life." As well as appearing on television shows, Harry has shown his performative side too, recently appearing in a TV skit promoting a new campaign for his eco-travel non-profit organisation Travalyst.  DON'T MISS:Royal LIVE: Harry hated cameras! Duke blasted over new Netflix series [LIVE]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's stunning Windsor wedding in photos [PICTURES]Prince Harry has 'thrived the most' in US - expert [ANALYSIS] In the clip, Harry wore a T-shirt that read GIRL DAD where he was analysed by a "rating agent" for his eco-conscious choices. Ms James said of Harry's recent public appearances: "Harry looks happiest when he is in a celebrity role and, as we saw during the James Corden interview and the recent ad he made for one of his causes, he is an avid performer. "He might have claimed to want a more private life in the US but with his own camera crews in tow and control over the scenes and the content he looks at his most upbeat. "He also seems to enjoy the status he has in the US. He seems to be a powerful force in his own right out there, rather than being the ‘spare’ to the ‘heir’."  Harry has continued to pledge his support to causes important to him while living in the US, and he recently appeared with his wife Meghan at the Invictus Games in The Hague. According to the body language expert, Harry now sees his influence as "infinite". She added: "Speaking at the Invictus Games he referred to ‘making the world a better place’ with the zeal of a super-hero. "He seems to think his only problem is avoiding ‘burnout’ in this role but it clearly inspires him in a way that he was not inspired as a member of The Firm. "He gave another clue to his happiness during another interview at Invictus, when he said he felt Diana was here with him now, helping him as he grew his family rather than over in the UK looking after his brother William while he was growing his." 