Staff shortages and supply chain issues have forced several of the nation’s leading airlines to cancel hundreds of flights in the past few weeks, causing chaos for disappointed travellers. The disruption has left some holidaymakers unable to fulfil their travel plans, while others have been left with no choice but to pay-out for a new holiday. Here’s everything you need to know about getting your money back if your flight is cancelled or delayed this summer. Nothing can prepare you for the disappointment of finding out your flight has been cancelled at the last minute, but it can be even worse when you’re left confused about whether you can get a refund. Luckily, there are measures in place to ensure that you aren't left out of pocket when the airline cancellation occurs through no fault of your own. According to Flight Right, most of these rights come from the EU Regulation Nr. 261/2004, which is intended for passengers who “suffer delayed or cancelled flights, overbooking or denied boarding”. READ MORE: Ryanair passenger shares 'genius' hack to avoid excess baggage charges Despite the fact that Britain is no longer part of the European Union, this regulation still applies to all UK or EU regulated flights departing from a UK or EU airport, regardless of the airline you are travelling on. Martin Lewis, founder of the MoneySavingExpert.com explained that under these rules, EU airports also include those in Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland. However, your rights under this regulation do not apply if you weren’t on a UK or EU regulated flight, meaning you won’t receive a refund or compensation through this avenue. According to Flight Right, passengers who experience a flight cancellation are entitled to their money back in the form of: In most cases, you will be entitled to a full refund for the cost of your intended flight According to the MoneySavingExpert.com, you have a right to a full refund or an alternative flight to your destination regardless of: Even if you go for a refund of your original ticket, rather than be re-routed, meaning you don't travel, you can claim extra compensation based on the timings of the alternative flight offered. DON'T MISS:British holidaymaker 'tries to open emergency door' mid-flight [INSIGHT]Thousands of passengers had flights cancelled at short notice [REVEAL]Bride-to-be left ‘broken’ after cancelling wedding over axed flights [LATEST] Additional compensation of between £100 and £500 will be granted if you met the following criteria: Compensation is offered for a delay or disruption caused by the cancellation, not a return of the flight ticket cost, so the amount you are due is fixed dependent on the delay length and distance travelled. According to MoneySavingExpert.com, compensation is offered per paying passenger, so for a family of four, you should quadruple the amount. It is important to note compensation is based in euros, meaning the amount you'll get in sterling will fluctuate, depending on the exchange rate at the time the payment is made. Here’s an example of how much compensation you could receive: