Sue Perkins is a much-loved British comedian and actress who will be discovering more about her orphaned grandfather and a great grandfather in BBC One's Who Do You Think You Are? this evening. The presenter rose to fame through her comedy partnership with Mel Giedroyc and she was known to have been in a relationship with TV presenter Anna Richardson. The pair split up in 2021 and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Sue Perkins will be making some eye-opening discoveries about her ancestors during the First World War tonight. The comedian and broadcaster will also be exploring the German branch of her family who were living in Eastern Europe through the Second World War. During her research, she uncovers a harrowing story of refugees fleeing back and forth across borders between Nazi and Soviet control. The 52-year-old presenter rose to prominence through her Mel and Sue sketches and presenting The Great British Bake Off. She has been open about her personal life, and in August 2012 she appeared on Tatler's list of high-profile lesbians in London. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans 'expose' Phill Whittaker's true identity Between 2014 and 2021 she was in a relationship with Naked Attraction presenter Anna Richardson. They met at a Halloween party following Anna’s split from her former partner of 18 years, Charles Martin. The reported reason for their split was that they were unable to agree on adopting children. After the split, Anna told Express.co.uk in a previous interview she was still hoping to have kids. She said: "I'm still pursuing that, I am very much in touch with Adoption UK because I did a podcast for them last year. "I'm very keen to press ahead with creating a family, yes." A source told The Mirror that Sue wanted to hold off having children because of her work schedule and travelling. They were determined to remain friends and keep in touch after the amicable break-up. Anna has been thinking about expanding her family for many years. The presenter told the Daily Mail in 2015: "I think because I'm 45 now I'm thinking long and hard about fostering and adopting. DON'T MISS...Anna Richardson says she's 'filled with dread' after Sue Perkins split [INSIGHT] Sue Perkins fumes at government over Channel 4 privatisation decision [DISCUSSION] Sue Perkins health: Star on the 'epic destruction' caused by condition [INSIGHT] "It would be nice to create a little unit." The pair did share Tia, a rescued Staffie, whom they adopted together in 2017. Before dating Anna, Sue had been in a relationship with Scottish comedian Rhona Cameron. When news of her sexuality was first made public, she said: "Being a lesbian is only about the 47th most interesting thing about me.” The comedian said she was keen to take part in Who Do You Think You Are? after her father's death. She told Radio Times: "I think when you lose a parent or a family member, it feels like a hot air balloon that you've been flying in and suddenly someone's snipped one of the cables. "And so there's a sense of precariousness. And in order for me to sort of recalibrate, I wanted to find out a bit more about my past but also about him." She described the experience as being "amazingly helpful".  Sue Perkins appears on Who Do You Think You Are? tonight on BBC One at 9pm.