ITV's The Games kicked off on Monday night and saw 12 brave celebrities push their bodies to the limit to compete against one another and be crowned top of the leaderboard. Kicking off the events, it was the ladies who were up first to take on the hurdles with intense training. For Christine McGuinness, it became a bit too overwhelming for her as she broke down crying and walked away from the group. Christine has previously opened up about her recent diagnosis of autism and admitted training for the show had been a "sensory overload" for her. Whilst at the training sessions for their first event, which was the hurdles, Christine had a look at how close the audience was going to be when they competed. As the pressure began to build, the emotions became too much for the model: "I am just finding it too much today." Presenter Alex Scott asked what specifically was weighing her down and asked: "Is it all taking on the techniques, or is it your tired?" READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage "No, physically, I'm fine, and I want to do it, it's purely mentally today," before she broke down in tears and walked away from the group. "The thought of the crowds and the people that close, I don't know how I am actually going to do it," she told Alex and reserve celebrity, Chloe Burrows. Speaking to the camera, she explained: "I was diagnosed with autism last year, so I understand now that for me, I will stay where I am comfortable for as long as I can be. "I am more scared of the stadium than I am of the sport, I want to give it my best shot! I am worried because I could just simply freeze and say I am not doing it. "I am really, really hoping that it doesn't happen because I have just got that one shot to try and get it right." Despite her nerves, Christine ended up coming fourth in the hurdles race and beamed with pride as she crossed the finish line. She recently appeared on ITV chatshow This Morning alongside hosts Phillip Schofield and Rochelle Humes and admitted she has daily struggles. "I’m autistic, all three children are autistic as well, and we do have our struggles. I struggle a lot with things other people don’t, so the crowd, the sensory overload, anxiety, the noise – it’s quite a lot. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star says kids 'wouldn't forgive' her for turning down show [INSIGHT]The Games cast: Which celebrities are in the ITV sports show?  [LATEST]Paddy McGuinness and wife have not told children they are autistic [WATCH] "The change in routine every day has been quite difficult to deal with. Being around a new group of people has been so, so hard, but as time’s gone on, it’s got a lot easier." Speaking about the support she has received from her fellow competitors, she praised: "I’ve gotta thank the girls. "Chelcee especially, she’s been amazing. Everyone’s just been incredible, I want my children to know when they grow up, nothing should hold them back because they’re autistic. "We can still try, we can still do our best. And I’m here! I can’t believe it!" The twelve celebrities taking part have been split into one team of six female competitors and one team of six male competitors. Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker, Love Island's Olivia Attwood, Mel B's daughter Pheonix Brown, footballer Chelcee Grimes, model Christine McGuinness and journalist Lucrezia Millarini form the first six. With Strictly pro Kevin Clifton, The Wanted singer Max George, Harry Potter star Josh Herdman, Coronation Street star Colson Smith, Love Island star Wes Nelson and former Coronation Street star Ryan Thomas forming the second. The Games air weekdays from 9pm on ITV.