Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has sent a rallying cry to his players telling them to not admit defeat to Manchester City in the Premier League title race despite dropping points to Tottenham at the weekend.  The Reds drew 1-1 at home to Antonio Conte's men at Anfield to give City a huge boost in their attempt to win their fourth title in five years under Pep Guardiola. Klopp's men will look at the title race in the same fashion that they did in 2018-19, where they lost out to City by a solitary point after an enthralling title battle. But despite their previous failures, the German has urged his men not to lose heart as they seek an unprecedented quadruple. “I am not sure I even said it is not over to my players, to be honest, because I think that is obvious and I rarely say obvious things,” Klopp explained. “It is clear. We both have three games to play and before they are played we don't take the points and I'm pretty sure City is not doing that. As far as they are reachable, why should we stop believing? And that's what we do. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “Dressing rooms in general look after themselves but I don’t want to take any chances so I will tell them anyway." Their title bid took a hit against Spurs on Saturday, but that has not stopped the German backing his philosophy. And he had no doubts they were playing the right stuff when asked if he would tell his players that his demands were correct. “That is how I see it. That is how I saw the game. So we keep going," Klopp continued. "We have to believe that. Now we have to use the good things, delete the bad things and go from here." The Reds have Aston Villa, Southampton and Wolves to contend with and they bid for the title. DON'T MISSChelsea's new owners tipped to do three things completely different to Roman Abramovich [QUOTES]Darwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'[SOCIAL]Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away[TRANSFERS] Elsewhere, they have Chelsea and Real Madrid in the FA Cup and Champions League finals before the end of May. Having already beaten the Blues in the Carabao Cup final, they are five wins and a Manchester City loss in the league away from potential history. But Guardiola's side will be focused on winning at least one trophy this term.