Monty Don, 66, revealed he has contracted coronavirus after spending the last few days feeling “utterly exhausted” while trying to recover in bed. The Gardeners’ World host admitted that having the illness hadn’t been “fun” but reassured fans he was feeling “better” this morning. @Marlene83206325 shared: “Get well soon Monty, covid is a real bummer, but don't try to push yourself once negative. It takes more than you realise.” @NewpPaul remarked: “It really knocks you down. Don't rush back to work, the recovery is quite slow in some cases. All the best.” @Lorrielaughs said: “Take it easy Monty it can come back just when you think you are past the worst.” It comes as two weeks ago, Gardeners’ World viewers all had the same complaint as Monty went missing from the popular BBC2 show. READ MORE: Millie Bobby Brown looks unrecognisable at Stranger Things premiere Katherine Birkett commented: "No, Monty? TRAGEDY. #GardenersWorld." Chris O'Donoghue added: "Where’s Monty? We need him! #shoutyhalfhour." @Sally69257990 also weighed in on the social media site to ask: "Where's Monty?" Despite the calls for a reason for where he was, Monty didn't offer an explanation as to why he was missing from the action, but he wasn't far away from the cameras. On the day of filming for Gardeners' World, Monty was giving talks and gardening presentations to visitors at the RHS's Malvern Spring Festival. Whilst Monty was away for a couple of weeks, he handed over his presenting duties to Adam Frost and Arit Anderson. They gave an exciting insight into some of this year's must-have flowers and plants that were on display at the Floral Marque. Luckily for Monty fans, it looks as if he will be back on screens soon as he took to his Instagram and shared a snap of his golden retriever Nell and Yorkshire terrier Patti. DONT MISS:Megan Fox wows as Machine Gun Kelly sparks pregnancy rumours (PHOTOS)Karren Brady ‘knows' how Deborah James 'feels’ after own health battle (NEWS)David Harbour and Lily Allen pack on PDA at Stranger Things premiere (LATEST) The caption for the image read: "Ready for action," suggesting that camera crews were back filming in his garden. Monty recently revealed that he will be hitting the road with his new tour later this year, travelling across the UK, Scotland and Wales over 10 days. The gardening fanatic was recently joined on the show during the last series by the Duchess of Cornwall, where she received a detailed tour of his home.   Admiring the plants, she expressed: "I think gardens got people through Covid, they realised how special a garden was. "[Seeing] what they could do with it, they could become inventive, even if they hadn't before. "They could start growing vegetables.”