Only working members of the Royal Family will join the Queen for the Platinum Jubilee edition of Trooping the Colour, it was announced earlier this month. A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2, will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen.” The working royals eligible to take to the balcony include Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Princess Anne, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Special dispensation has been granted by the monarch for Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, who supports Princess Anne with her royal duties as her husband, and the Cambridge and Wessex children Prince George, Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. The Queen's cousins Princess Alexandra, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Gloucester and his wife, the Duchess of Gloucester, will also appear on the balcony. These four royals are considered working members of the Royal Family and they have supported the Queen throughout her long reign. Read More: Sophie Wessex stuns in floral dress for fun event at the Isle of Wight Princess Alexandra Princess Alexandra is the Queen's first cousin, and she is known to be a close confidante of the monarch. Aged 85, Princess Alexandra was born on Christmas Day in 1936 to the Queen's uncle Prince George, Duke of Kent and Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark. She was married to the British businessman Angus Ogilvy who died in 2004. The couple had two children, James and Marina Ogilvy. Over the years, Princess Alexandra has supported charitable causes centred on medical and welfare, education, arts and heritage, and the military. Prince Edward, Duke of Kent Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, is the Queen's first cousin and the elder brother of Princess Alexandra. He was born in 1935 and he succeeded his father as Duke of Kent at the age of six following Prince George's death in a plane crash in 1942. The Duke of Kent married Katharine Worsley in 1961, and they have three children. Their son was born stillborn in 1977. The Duke of Kent has completed royal engagements throughout his life and has supported the Queen with her duties. He has also been responsible for awarding trophies to the Wimbledon champion and runner-up for decades. Edward and Alexandra have a younger brother, Prince Michael of Kent, who is not a working member of the Royal Family. Michael is married to Princess Michael of Kent, formerly Baroness Marie-Christine von Reibnitz, and they have two children. Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester is the Queen's first cousin. He was born to the Queen's uncle Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester. The Duke of Gloucester title was expected to pass to Richard's elder brother Prince William of Gloucester, but he died at the age of 30 in an air crash in 1972. Before he took on his father's title in 1974, Prince Richard worked as an architect, and much of his royal work centres on architecture now. His royal work also focuses on international humanitarian issues, heritage and supporting military veterans. The Duke married Birgitte van Deurs Henriksen in 1972 in Barnwell, Northamptonshire. The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester have three children and they reside in Kensington Palace in London.