On Saturday, ITV viewers tuned in to watch another round of Britain's Got Talent auditions. Judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon were back on the panel as a number of acts took to the stage to perform. However, one dangerous act left the judges in shock after it didn't quite go to plan. Steve Rawlings took to the stage to show the judges his act of juggling while blindfolded. However, the act took a turn when he set his batons on fire. There were gasps heard in the audience as Steve accidentally set his face covering on fire. A BGT crew member quickly ran on stage with a towel in a bid to put out the fire, although, in doing so he caught on fire himself. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes reven... An open-mouthed Amanda looked on in horror as the crew member rolled around on the floor. The judge screamed in disbelief as she watched the person light up in flames. "Is this real?" a member of the audience could be heard saying as another crew member ran on stage with a fire extinguisher. Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly also looked on in shock from the side of the stage. "What?" Ant asked as the man was dragged to the side of the stage. "What happened?" a concerned Alesha quizzed as Ant gave the man a thumbs up. "He's ok, guys," the ITV presenter reassured as the staff member walked away seemly unscathed. It is also unclear whether Steve's act was a planned stunt, or whether he made it to the next round, but no one appeared to be injured in the process. DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt hits out after being snubbed on BBC [INSIGHT]Virgin River season 4: Preacher set for new romance as wife joins cast [CAST]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [VIDEO] Elsewhere on the show, viewers watched as teenage comedian Eva took to the stage. The 14-year-old, who told the judges she had cerebral palsy, got a standing ovation following her hilarious performance. During her routine, Eva poked fun at her disability, which affects her ability to move and maintain balance and posture. She joked if the audience couldn't understand her, then to watch the segment back with the subtitles on. "Stand-up comedy is the hardest thing ever," Amanda told Eva. "We always say that on Britain's Got Talent because the reaction is immediate. "You're either funny or you're not funny. You immediately won us over. "Your timing was fantastic, you're so charismatic, it's so relaxing to watch you, I felt completely entertained from start to finish." "You are brilliantly funny," David chipped in. "Every single line was an absolute zinger." Britain's Got Talent airs on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.