Meghan Markle is the subject of Tom Bower’s upcoming book and while the content remains under wraps, one royal expert has raised questions over whether the Duchess of Sussex’s first husband will feature. Neil Sean has claimed Trevor could have “an axe to grind,” as we “only know her version of events”. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean said: “What I find fascinating about this is, this particular individual would truly have a remarkable story because, after all, he would have first-hand experience of what it was like, yes what it was like, to be married the first time around to the actress from Suits. “Trevor's story itself is remarkable because he's never spoken on the record about his time with Meghan Markle. “When you think about it, you read the stories, if you believe them, the way that she just wanted to collect the food mixer, or the blender, posted back his ring, that sort of stuff, there's two sides to every story and of course, we only know her version of events”. Meghan first met Trevor, who owns his own production company, in the early noughties and the pair started dating in 2004. After dating for seven years, the couple tied the knot in an extravagant beachside wedding in Jamaica. However, by the end of 2013, the couple had quietly split with many speculating that Meghan’s role in ‘Suits’ playing a part in their demise. Ahead of her big break, Meghan had allegedly been struggling to get roles and used to nag her then-boyfriend to cast her in one of his films. Andrew Morton claimed in his 2018 book, ‘Meghan: A Hollywood Princess’, that the duchess “continuously nagged” Trevour which became a “source of conflict” for the couple. He wrote: “During Meghan’s time on Deal or No Deal, Trevor had a film in production, a marital comedy ‘Licence to Wed’ starring funny man Robin Williams and Mandy Moore. “Meghan secretly hoped there would be a role for her but the bit-parts that might have suited her went out to more experienced actresses who had worked with the director Ken Kwapis on the TV series The Office. “It was to become a source of conflict between the couple, Meghan becoming disappointed that Trevor didn't try harder to include her in some of his productions.” As time went on and Trevor made a name for himself in the industry, he was able to dish out “a few crumbs” to his then-girlfriend. Meghan was cast as the secretary in a short film called The Candidate and later as a small role in the 2010 film Remember Me starring Robert Pattinson. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan braced for ex-husband to expose story [LIVE BLOG]Royal Family: 'Compassionate' Meghan urged to visit sick dad [INSIGHT]Sharon Osbourne urges Meghan Markle to reunite with father [VIDEO] As Trevor was rising up, Meghan was yet to have her big break and had to be content with her partner getting all the plaudits. Mr Morton wrote: “Meghan did her best to shine as the beautiful, talented, as well as supportive girlfriend of a bona fide mover and shaker, who could now afford to give Meghan a few crumbs from his groaning pile of scripts. “At least it would stop her continuously nagging him to give her a part in one of his productions.” However, in 2011, Meghan landed her role as Rachel Zane in ‘Suits’ and suddenly her success skyrocketed. Meghan and Trevor separated after 18 months of marriage and finalised their divorce in August 2013, citing irreconcilable differences.  Less than three years later, Meghan met Prince Harry on a blind date in London.  They married in May 2018 and have welcomed two children — Archie Harrison, three, and Lilibet Diana, 11-months.  Next week, the family will return to the UK together for the first time since the Sussexes’ shock exit from the Firm. They will join the Royal Family in celebrating Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee. 'Meghan: A Hollywood Princess' was written by Andrew Morton and published by Grand Central Publishing. It is available here.