James Bond was played diligently by Daniel Craig for 15 years and became a worldwide phenomenon in the process. But, like all good things, his time as 007 came to an end, and after No Time To Die, the star is going to be replaced in the near future. The next Bond will likely be officially announced in the coming year. Until then, the ever-changing Bond odds are fans' best bet of knowing who is going to be the next James Bond. And while Tom Hardy has been a staunch favourite, his time in the spotlight may be about to end. Hardy, the Peaky Blinders and Venom extraordinaire, has been at the forefront of the Bond odds for some time. But things are changing. Idris Elba, the star of Luther, has just had his odds slashed by Ladbrokes. The Suicide Squad star recently had odds as tall as 12/1, but a shift in the timeline has given him a better chance of taking home the tuxedo. Ladbrokes has now slashed the star's odds to 10/1. The company's Alex Apati said: "Idris Elba is on course to establish himself as a 007 frontrunner once again, and with his odds having been cut this morning, there's now just four names considered more likely than the Luther star to get the Bond gig as things stand." And his odds are even better when you consider that the Bond producers, Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson, have already vouched for the star. The sibling Bond bosses were recently quizzed over Elba's involvement in the franchise, and they replied: "Well, we know Idris, we’re friends with him, and he’s a magnificent actor. And, you know, it’s been part of the conversation, but it’s always difficult to have the conversation when you have someone in the seat." However, Elba himself recently opened up on the possibility of grabbing the role. And, while he would love to be the first Black James Bond, he recalled: "My mum, my poor mum, she’s like: ‘One day you’re going to get it! Don’t mind them! Don’t mind them!' I'm like: 'Mum, it’s alright. I’m good. I’ve got Luther.'" As Elba closes in on the role of a lifetime as Bond, he is dangerously close to taking over the fan-favourite Bond option: Hardy. READ MORE: James Bond: Sean Connery 'needed booze' for most iconic scene Hardy has been one of the favourite picks for 007 for some time. He recently had his odds slashed with Ladbrokes to 6/1 - placing him third in the line-up. But the actor himself has said he does not want to comment on whether he would take the role, for fear of losing any chance. He said: "You know, there's a saying amongst us in the fraternity of acting, and in the fellowship of my peer group, that if you talk about it you're automatically out of the race. So I can't possibly comment on that one! If I mention it, it's gone." Despite his fear of losing his chance, Hardy is not the favourite in the odds at the moment. Instead, the favourite is a Bridgerton star. DON'T MISS...James Bond: Sean Connery 'needed booze' for most iconic scene [NEWS]Next James Bond: Tom Hardy blows race 'wide open' against Cavill [INFO]Next James Bond: 'Good news for Tom Hardy' against Bridgerton star [INSIGHT] Regé-Jean Page is the current favourite to become the next James Bond. Ladbrokes have given the British-Zimbabwean actor a staggering 2/1 on claiming the role. But, although he has fantastic odds, he is not guaranteed the spot just yet. Hot on his heels is another hunky British star: Henry Cavill. Cavill, who is best known for playing Superman and Geralt of Rivia in The Witcher, is just behind Page. He has a powerful 4/1 on becoming Bond next - but he could have already lost his shot. The 38-year-old has already been turned down to play Bond in 2005 when he went up against Craig in the Casino Royale audition when he was instead told he was "too chubby" for the role. The James Bond franchise is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video now.