After six years of presenting BBC Breakfast, Dan Walker will be leaving the morning show to join the rival Channel 5. With his departure happening next week, it was revealed the BBC is yet to find his successor after they recently posted a job advert.  Dan was the latest presenter to announce his exit from the broadcaster after a string of departures. The 46-year old took to Twitter to share a video message with viewers announcing his resignation where he claimed it was a “really difficult” decision. Dan said: “Hello, it’s Dan here. I have a little bit of news for you. In the next few weeks, I’m going to be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 News and Channel 5. “I’m really excited, but this has also been a massive decision for me because I love BBC Breakfast, I love working alongside Sally [Nugent] and I love the team there.” READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut He continued: “But Channel 5 with big ambition, with big plans and I don’t think opportunities like this one come round very often. I can’t wait.” With his pending departure expected to take place May 17, the BBC took to Twitter and shared a job advert in hopes of finding Dan's replacement. The tweet stated: “BBC Breakfast has been a morning staple with viewers across the nation for 20 years. “We are looking for a new Chief Presenter to wake up the nation on our iconic red sofa.”  The tweet included a link to the advert which contained more information about the role. It included the requirement “to inform and entertain viewers with everything they need for the day ahead.” The advert also detailed their ideal candidate as someone with “significant broadcasting experience who is confident at setting the day’s agenda in a way that is relevant and relatable to the BBC breakfast audience”. In addition, the position will be located at Media City in Salford for three days a week, between Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place [INSIGHT]Dan Walker reacts to BBC Breakfast interview with Michael Gove [REACTION] Dan Walker forced to rush to BBC Breakfast as he makes last week error [INSIGHT] However, the candidate would have to be flexible to work on other days where needed. Throughout his career at the BBC, Dan presented Football Focus from 2009 until 2021, where he was later replaced by former professional footballer Alex Scott. Alongside this, he began presenting BBC Breakfast in 2016, he hosted shows on BBC Radio 5 and occasionally reported on Match of the Day. Dan was recently joined by Sally Nugent who replaced Louise Minchin in 2021.  According to Channel 5, Dan will be “fronting a range of new programming on the channel,” for the recently relaunched flagship news bulletin 5 News. His unexpected exit comes after a number of departures from the broadcaster including Emily Maitlis, Jon Sopel and Andrew Marr. A BBC source stated: “People come, people go, but we have lots of existing talent and new and emerging stars and there is always a natural point where people move on.” After his announcement, Dan thanked viewers for “so many lovely messages,” and added he had informed Sally. Editor of 5 News, Cait FitzSimons, disclosed she looked forward to working with Walker “to build on the success of our new hour-long programme and finding more ways to tell stories that touch viewers’ lives across the nation.” 