Fan-favourite star Lee Riley attended the 2022 BAFTA Awards to represent Channel 4’s highly acclaimed show, Gogglebox. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he confessed he had to hide from the stars he had slagged off while filming for the series.  On Sunday, Gogglebox’s Lee was joined by stars Mica and Marcus as they hit the Red Carpet for the 2022 BAFTA Awards. Though he attended without his hilarious co-star Jenny Newby, he admitted he had to dodge a few famous faces which they had dissed together. As a Gogglebox fan favourite, he was loved for his quick-witted humour as he gave his live reaction and shared his opinion about different TV shows. As a result, many of his comments left him avoiding eye contact with a number of celebrities. READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut Thankfully, it was worth the near awkward moments as Gogglebox won the award for Best Reality and Constructed Factual show. The 52-year-old confessed to avoiding some actors as he made his way along the red carpet. Joined by co-star Mica Ven, the pair were asked about hiding from stars they had “slagged off.” To which Lee admitted: “I have ducked and dived a few times.”  Since making his first appearance with Jenny in 2014, the pair have cemented their position as a beloved duo among fans. Sharing from Lee’s caravan in Hull, the two give their raw reactions to everyday TV, which has resulted in both laughter and tears. However, there was the occasional slagging off as they would also watch outrageous shows which often lead to funny reactions from fans watching. Although Lee didn’t detail who had ducked from, it was very likely he would’ve bumped into the family face at the star-studded event.  DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place [INSIGHT]Gogglebox's Lee issues update on Jenny as she undergoes surgery [INSIGHT]Gogglebox's Marcus is father to celebrity who doesn't appear on show [INSIGHT] However, it didn’t go unnoticed that he attended the event without his right-hand woman, Jenny. When quizzed on her absence, The Express was told: “She is not very well, she is having an operation, a mini one, but she is recovering well though. “She was invited but the appointment was in BAFTA week.” “You can’t turn an NHS operation down, can you? But she is doing well,” Lee added.  As Gogglebox first premiered in 2013 and went on to win seven awards including three National Television, Lee and Jenny were very familiar with award evenings. The star also shared how fame had changed them and revealed Jenny no longer leaves her home without makeup on. He disclosed: “Jenny would never go out without makeup after we started Gogglebox. Yeah, she would never. She would always go out without makeup before.” Fans who missed Lee accepting Gogglebox’s BAFTA award with a speech are able to watch the award ceremony on BBC iPlayer. Gogglebox is available on Channel 4 and Netflix. 