One of the main ways bedbugs transport from place to place is through travel, and even the most luxurious of hotel rooms aren’t 100 percent safe from the risk of an outbreak. Though the average holidaymakers might not think about this when packing their suitcase, one flight attendant has revealed their top tips for keeping bedbugs out of their luggage while travelling.  Posting to a Reddit forum under the name Tommygunz007, the flight attendant said they keep their clothes in "Ziploc" bags. The method is also a savvy way of organising your belongings, by keeping your dirty and clean clothes separate too. The flight attendant explained: "I went and got those giant Ziploc bags. "They are great for putting in smelly dirty clothes in, as well as clean clothes so all your stuff is separate. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how to get free upgrade to First Class "I still spray the outside of my bag for dust mites and bedbugs, but at least I know the stuff inside is clean and doesn't smell because it's in those giant Ziploc bags." Dust mite and bedbug killer sprays can be bought online or from DIY and home stores. Making sure to separate your dirty laundry from clean clothes might also work to keep bedbugs at bay. According to experts from Nomad Paradise: "Bedbugs are attracted to the smell of your dirty laundry. DON'T MISSBritons advised to have dinner before 5pm to save hundreds on holiday [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis on how to get compensation after woman loses £2,600 [REVEALED]Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag [COMMENT] "Therefore, bring a plastic laundry bag with you in which to store your dirty laundry. "That way, you’ll know there are no dirty clothes around the bed that could attract bed bugs." Luggage liners can also be used to protect your clothes from bedbugs. Ziploc bags can be handy if you are worried you may have come into contact with bedbugs while travelling. Placing your clothes into sealed plastic bags or wraps can isolate them from spreading. Be sure to separate any dirty clothes from your clean ones. Experts from Clever Journey said: "If you still have a few days of vacation left, separate your clean clothes from used ones, and try to keep your luggage on a shelf or inside a closet for the rest of your trip. "The best option would be to put all of your items inside the plastic bags and buy new clothes to last you for the rest of the trip." Once home, or at the next possible opportunity, you can transfer the clothing into your clothing in a dryer on the hottest cycle for 20 to 30 minutes. According to experts from Clever Journey, this should be hot and long enough to kill bed bugs.