Stainless steel sinks will quickly lose their shine when dirty plates or substances are left on the surface, with some ingredients proving particularly difficult to clean off. While harsh chemicals are great for removing stubborn spills and stains, there are plenty of natural ingredients that will do the job just as well, without damaging the metal. Here’s how to blitz dirt and grime from your sink using baking soda, white vinegar and baby oil for a seamless finish. Cleaning your sink using water alone is almost never enough to banish stubborn dirt while restoring a high shine, so how can you do it? Start by rinsing your sink to dislodge food particles and begin the process of lifting grease and grime. Warm water is best for this as it can help to melt away unpleasant debris. Ensure that your sink has no blockages and is properly functioning before adding the cleansing ingredients. READ MORE: How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ Once you have a clear sink, generously sprinkle baking soda all over the basin, taps and draining board. This neutral raising agent is a great stainless steel cleaner as it is mildly abrasive, but not so much so that it will scratch the surface. Use a soft, damp sponge to gently buff the baking soda onto the sink, removing stuck-on food, grease and limescale as you go. Use a cloth wrapped around your finger to get right into the corners of the sink and lift any dirty residue. You may be tempted to rinse away the white powdery residue with water at this point, but it is better to use white vinegar instead. Pour the vinegar into a spray bottle and spritz it all over the stainless steel surface. On contact, the vinegar will fizz with the baking soda and disinfect the sink. Water spots will also disappear thanks to this winning combination, so you don’t need to worry about those pesky water stains anymore. Rinse the entire sink basin, taps and draining board with warm water and buff dry with a soft, clean cloth. DON'T MISS:Gardening hacks: Do these ‘magic’ water bottle hacks really work? [INSIGHT]‘Unleash your green thumb’ - how much you can save by growing your own [REVEAL]Gardening hacks: Do empty toilet rolls really 'protect fragile roots'? [ANALYSIS] While your sink should already be looking clean and shiny, this final step will make your stainless steel surface look even more impressive. Take a small amount of baby oil or coconut oil and pour it onto a clean rag. Buff the oil onto the stainless steel using gentle circular motions. Do this until there are no visible streaks to reveal a seamless surface. Your sink will be left germ-free and gleaming, ready to be used again. If you’re wondering how to keep your sink looking spotless for longer, there are a few things you can do while washing up or draining the dishes to prevent dirt from building up too quickly. Soaking dirty dishes is the best way to carefully lift stubborn dirt, but filling your sink with soapy water and dirt will leave a noticeable fog on the stainless steel. Swap dish soap for white vinegar while soaking items instead to prevent an unpleasant cloudiness from spoiling the shiny surface. While baking soda works well for its abrasive texture, wire scourers are simply too much for stainless steel and should be avoided. Stick to soft cloths and sponges instead for a scratch-free surface. Keeping your sink free from dirt is easy to do with regular rinsing after every use. This removes dirt particles and surface stains while keeping your sink hygienic and relatively clean. Always dry stainless steel thoroughly after use to prevent watermarks and limescale deposits. 