Victoria Beckham, 48, took to Instagram last night to share a heartwarming selfie with her ten-year-old daughter Harper Seven. The singer-turned-designer could be seen wearing matching outfits with Harper in the new post uploaded in view of her 29.9 million followers. Victoria opted for a pink jumper with red and brown stitching which matched her bright red jeans. Harper, on the other hand, could be seen wearing a pink hoodie that featured a pig’s face on the top. The pair showcased a smile, with Harper looking directly at the camera and Victoria looking away. The snap was not the only post Victoria shared last weekend that allowed fans an insight into her family life. On Friday, she had also posted a picture featuring husband David as she put on a sensational display in a figure-hugging dress from her new collection. The former pro footballer’s wife quipped he "can't get enough" of her outfit, as she caught him peeking in while she took a mirror selfie. In a series of pictures, Victoria could be seen posing in front of a mirror in a sultry LBD from her collection. But one of the snaps featured a surprise as David could be seen hiding behind a wall to spy on her. The former pop star wrote: “Someone can't get enough of VB Body @davidbeckham,” alongside a laughing emoji and a side-eye emoji. The elegant dress accentuated Victoria’s slender waist and put her toned legs on display. It comes after Victoria spoke out on social media after David announced Inter Miami's new football stadium. The billion-dollar plans include a 25,000-capacity stadium complete with a retail complex, 750-room hotel, and one million square feet of office space. DON'T MISSAngelina Jolie rushed to bomb shelter during visit to war-torn Ukraine [LATEST]Victoria Beckham says David 'can't get enough' as he's caught staring [PICTURES]Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp' [INSIGHT] David and his Inter Miami co-owners, business magnates Jorge and Jose Mas, have led the project. Sharing the news on Thursday, Victoria wrote: “Soooo exciting! Congratulations!” She reposted a video the sporting legend had shared with his 72.6 million Instagram followers. He said in the caption: “Your dream is a reality. "I want to thank our fans for their support, patience and passion, and of course The City Of Miami (our city). “Also, to the commissioners and Mayor Suarez for believing in this dream. “Finally, I want to thank Jorge and Jose Mas and the whole Mas family for believing in my dream and making it a REALITY.” The project will allow David and the team to redevelop 131 acres of the publicly-owned Melreese Country Club.