The victim, a 19-year-old boy, is currently in the ICU of Son Espases with a cervical fracture. He jumped into a pool barely half a metre deep at a beach club in Magaluf, Mallorca. The incident occurred at around 1.30am on Tuesday at the Magaluf Oceans Beach Club, located in Charles Sasson street. The 19-year-old dived head first into a section of the pool that was 50 centimetres deep. The strong impact of his head against the bottom of the pool caused him to bleed profusely, and also left him unable to move. The Ib-salut health services rushed to the beach club in Magaluf where the accident had occurred. After immobilising the victim's neck, the doctors activated the trauma code to anticipate his urgent transfer to Son Espases. According to news outlet Diario De Mallorca, upon arrival at the hospital, it was confirmed he had a cervical fracture and the extent of a possible spinal injury is yet to be determined. Officers from the Calvià Local Police and the Civil Guard have gone to the beach club in Magaluf where the events occurred in order to open an investigation. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'Not what we voted for' furious Farage pinpoints Given the condition of the young boy, who Diario De Mallorca said was Norwegian, a protocol established for similar cases was activated. Another outlet, Majorca Daily Bulletin, reported the boy, who they say is British, suffered a severe cranioencephalic traumatism and doctors are closely monitoring his evolution alongside his cervical fracture. His family has already been informed of the severe after-effects, and that there is a chance that he will never walk again. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Compassionate' Meghan urged to visit sick dad Royal latest as Queen makes more appearances ahead of Jubilee Russian pundits' swipes backfire as Moscow handed dire forecast Two tourists have also died this month in Mallorca, including a 34-year-old British tourist who fell from the seventh floor of a Magalluf hotel. Guardia Civil officers have since conducted an investigation and suspect the man may have consumed the drugs cocktail some hours before the tragedy in the Majorca resort. The other was a 31-year-old Dutch tourist who jumped into the sea at the Malgrats Isles. Police in Magaluf have since shared their concerns about a summer of “recklessness” from tourists. More Guardia Civil officers will be drafted into party resorts like Magaluf to help deal with the summer influx of British tourists and handle any flashpoints. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega