More than 1,000 Ukrainian refugees over state pension age who are eligible for this financial support, are understood to be receiving it. The payment is designed to support low-income individuals with top-ups, as well as opening eligibility for other support. This includes free TV licences for over 75s, help with council tax, and free NHS dental care. The Government has introduced emergency legislation to help people arriving from Ukraine. It means these refugees will not be subject to the Habitual Residence Test. If this help was not introduced, the Government says individuals would have to wait up to three months before being able to receive income-related benefits. READ MORE: Pension millionaire: How much you need to save and when This includes payments such as Universal Credit as well as Pension Credit. Guy Opperman, Minister for Pensions, said: “Our priority is ensuring those arriving from Ukraine can find safety here and get the support they need. “Pension Credit provides a vital financial boost which is why we’re helping new arrivals apply, with translation services available for phone applications. “I urge those hosting elderly Ukrainians – and all those across the country with older relatives and friends – to check with them and see if they could be eligible for this extra financial assistance.” DON'T MISSHSBC issues warning after widow loses £96,000 to cruel scam [INSIGHT]‘Penalises savers!’ Sunak urged to abolish 55% pension tax [ANALYSIS]Check old payslips as Britons could get less state pension [UPDATE] The Government said immediate access to Pension Credit is one of the ways the UK it is standing “shoulder to shoulder” with Ukrainian people. The easiest way for Ukrainian nationals to apply for Pension Credit is by phone. The DWP has made translation services available to help new arrivals with their applications. It is also offering face-to-face assistance to those who require additional support. However, Ukrainian nationals are not the only people who can benefit from this support. Many Britons are failing to claim the support, despite being entitled to receive it. It is estimated 850,000 people are missing out on the key benefit, according to Pension Playpen. To be eligible, individuals must live in England, Scotland or Wales and have reached state pension age. Pension Credit tops up weekly income to £182.60 for singletons, and joint weekly income to £278.70 for those with a partner. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People who have £10,000 or less in savings and investments will not have Pension Credit impacted. However, the Government explains: “If you have more than £10,000, every £500 over £10,000 counts as £1 income a week. “For example, if you have £11,000 in savings, this counts as £2 income a week.” Applications for Pension Credit can be started up to four months before a person reaches state pension age. They will need to provide details about their income, savings and investments, as well as their National Insurance number. Finally, Britons will also need to provide bank account details for a payment to be processed. More than 1.4 million pensioners across Great Britain are currently receiving Pension Credit. The Government has stated take-up of the payment is at its highest level since 2010.