Rishi Sunak plans to unveil a new cost of living crisis plan following the Sue Gray report and a windfall tax could be one of the measures revealed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Thursday. However, BBC Breakfast’s Charlie Stayt hit out at Steve Barclay accusing him of dodging questions on the new measures. Stayt questioned: “The moving on agenda which the Prime Minister is very keen to do. “What does that look in practice to do with the soaring energy costs and the cost of living?” Barclay replied: “We recognise your viewers in terms of their household budgets face a huge hike in their energy bills and their food costs in terms of inflation. “That’s why the chancellor has already taken measures in terms of the £22billion package that he’s already announced but particularly looking to the autumn there will be a further increase in costs and that’s why he’ll make a further statement to the Commons today.” However, the BBC Breakfast presenter felt Barclay hadn’t addressed his question. “What are you in a position to tell me?” Stayt asked. “Is it going to be a windfall tax?” Yet again Stayt wasn’t happy with the Chief of Staff’s response. “Are you in a position to tell me anything because I did ask you a very direct question, is there going to be windfall tax?” He asked. “Are you just not going to talk to me about that or is that not what’s in the announcement today?” Barclay hit back: “The speaker’s always clear the announcement is to be made to the House of Commons first. “That’s the edit the speaker always gives to ministers and when we come on broadcast rounds and speak about proposals there’s criticism from the speaker if we start announcing the detail of those measures before it’s announced to the House of Commons. “But what I can tell you is we have said we recognise there is a significant challenge this autumn. “We need to take targeted action to address that,” he added. BBC Breakfast viewers weren’t impressed with Boris Johnson’s Chief of Staff and took to Twitter to comment. @SirJimRoyle tweeted: “‘We now need to move on to dealing with the cost of living’ Yeah, he tried that but you wouldn’t answer any of those questions either. #BBCBreakfast.” @BridgetBurke2 added: “@BBCBreakfast @SteveBarclay struggling to answer the questions, as per usual. A leopard can’t change its spots Steve! Johnson can’t help being who he is.” “Charlie Stayt doing great job of nailing slimy Steve Barclay #BBCBreakfast,” @NanaRavers said. @dylan6roberts wrote: “Another lamb sent to the slaughter this morning. How can these MPs think they are doing right by defending their indefensible boss?#BBCBreakfast.” @Dune9 said: “#bbcbreakfast Stephen Barclay MP absolutely on script. Determined not to say anything detrimental to PM. #Partygate #SueGrayReport.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.