The Duchess of York spoke proudly of her family's resilience in a wide-ranging interview. Sarah, also known as Fergie by friends and fans, didn't mention the Royal Family or her ex-husband Prince Andrew as she sat down to promote the release of the paperback version of her first historical novel, Her Heart For A Compass. However, she appeared to refer to the Duke of York's recent woes as she spoke with pride about her family. The Duchess told the Metro: "The York family are a united front and we stand very strong and very tall. "When the winds get violent, we keep standing." Sarah's statement came three months after Andrew reached an out-of-court settlement with Ms Giuffre, who had launched a civil lawsuit against him last summer in which the royal was accused of sexual assault. Since the first emergence of her allegations, Prince Andrew vehemently denied any wrongdoing. Moreover, their settlement didn't consist of an admission of guilt by the Duke. In January, the day after New York Judge Lewis A. Kaplan announced he would not throw out Ms Giuffre's case as requested by the Duke's lawyers, Buckingham Palace stated Andrew had returned his military and royal patronages to the Queen and would continue not to carry out public duties. The Duke had first stepped back from royal duties in November 2019, after his disastrous interview with Emily Maitlis focused on his association with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. READ MORE: Dr Shola slams Alan Titchmarsh comparing Queen to Nelson Mandela Royal sources also said he would not be allowed to use his HRH styles in any official capacity. The patronages were not returned to the Duke after the settlement was completed. Prince Andrew returned to the public eye in late March, when he attended the memorial service for the life of Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey. On the day, the royal travelled from Windsor to London with his mother the Queen and walked with her from the royal Bentley to the abbey's front row seats. While Andrew's attendance at the service was expected given he was one of the Duke of Edinburgh's four children, many royal watchers and commentators criticised his prominence at the event. Last month, Prince Andrew lost his Freedom of the City of York honour following a City Council meeting in York. The Freedom of the City is a status normally given to outstanding members of the community, visiting celebrities or dignitaries. While it doesn't grant any special privileges, it is considered a major honour to bear the title of Freeman. Next month, the Duke of York won't join his mother and other members of the Royal Family on the balcony of Buckingham Palace during the extended bank holiday weekend set to feature an array of celebrations for the Platinum Jubilee. The Queen announced earlier this month that, after "careful consideration" she would only invite working members of the Firm on the balcony of her residence to watch the Trooping the Colour parade on June 2. The balcony ban also affected other non-working royals including Andrew and Fergie's daughters, Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice, as well as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. While she did not speak about her ex-husband or the Royal Family, the Duchess of York spoke proudly of her role as grandmother to Eugenie's son August and Beatrice's daughter Sienna. She said: "I read them bedtime stories. "August is such a little chap, and I’m playing trucks with him – but if he prefers to play with Barbie dolls in future, that’s fine." Moreover, she mentioned Princess Diana and how she still misses her almost 25 years after her death. Fergie said: "We would have been on the bouncy castle together with our grandchildren. "She would have loved life as a grandmother and she would have been so proud."