Sir Keir Starmer had to be asked five times what the Labour Party would do with the National Insurance hike in the event of coming into power. Good Morning Britain hosts Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley attempted five times to get a straight answer on whether he would remove the rise in line with his strategy to help Britons with growing bills. But Sir Keir failed to respond right away, instead outlining Labour's plans to go after Covid "fraudsters" to claim back money lost in dodgy equipment deals during the pandemic. Ms Reid said: "Let's talk about a slightly more awkward tax for you, and that is the increase in National Insurance. "This is an increase in order to pay for something everybody supports, the NHS and social care. "Anybody is currently trying to access treatment on the NHS knows about the terrible wait for treatment, and we all know social care needs to be fixed. "The National Insurance rise would raise £12 billion. What would Labour do if Labour won a general election with that National Insurance rise?" JUST IN: Susanna Reid tears apart Starmer’s lockdown rule break defence ‘In the office with beer!?' Sir Keir said: "In relation to the National Insurance rise, we've said it's the wrong tax at the wrong time. "We're the only country in the G7 that's whacking people for more tax in the middle of a cost of living crisis." He also insisted his party would seek to prosecute anyone who benefit from dodgy equipment supply agreements struck during the coronavirus pandemic. The Labour leader said Covid "fraudsters" are estimated to have earned over £11 billion, insisting the reclaimed money could be used to fund the NHS and social care. READ MORE: M25 traffic latest: Huge multi-vehicle crash on Dartford Crossing - four miles of queues Mr Madeley and Ms Reid however persisted in their line of questioning, each repeatedly calling on the Labour leader to outline his party's position on National Insurance. The Good Morning Britain presenter said: "So you would reverse it?" The Labour leader ultimately conceded Labour does not currently have plans for National Insurance. He argued the party set out a "framework" of the approach he would take but insisted it was difficult to outline a policy two years away from the next general election. DON'T MISS... Boris shamed over Elsie, 77, forced to stay on bus for warmth [LATEST]Carol McGiffin addresses Loose Women feud 'Pressure to deny a rift' [VIDEO]Strictly's Giovanni Pernice pays tribute to Anton Du Beke [INTERVIEW]   Sir Keir said: "Let me come to that. In terms of what we will do going into the next election, obviously, I don't know what the state of the economy will then be. "Nobody knows what the state of the economy will then be. We will set out our plan when we get to the election in full. "We've set out the principles that we will apply, it'll be a fair taxation system, particularly for working people. But at this stage, two years out, I don't know." Mr Madeley then asked: "Would you raise the top rate of income tax?" The Labour leader concluded: "We will set this out before the election. I don't know what the economy will be. "You're absolutely right to push me, but the Leader of the Opposition, two years before the election, not knowing what's going to happen with the economy can't possibly set out in detail what we'll do."