Kaye Adams, 60, has been on Loose Women since 1999, and joined the show permanently in 2013. The television presenter has spoken in a new interview about Ivana Trump, 73, branding her "so rude" and revealing she "terrified" Kaye and fellow panellist Nadia Sawahla. Kaye spoke to Scott McGlynn on the latest episode of his Instagram talk show Celebrity Skin Talk. Scott asked the Loose Women panellist who was the rudest guest she has ever had on the show. Kaye replied: "There's one but I better not say because she's a national treasure! "But back in the day me and Nadia were interviewing Ivana Trump on the show she was so rude! "She terrified me and Nadia, Nadia was hiding behind me!" READ MORE: Piers Morgan left 'sad' over Dennis Waterman amid candid chat Express.co.uk has gone to Ivana for comment. The most recent time Ivana was on Loose Women was in 2020, when she ranted about  immigrants. Ivana was married to former US president Donald Trump for 15 years, until their divorce in 1990. The Czech businesswoman locked horns with panellist Jane Moore, who told her that her comments were "inhumane and offensive". Ivana said that US immigrants "do not dress Americanly" once in the country, while accusing some immigrants of "not having a job, stealing, and raping American women". Ivana also praised her former partner Donald, particularly for "all he achieved with immigration", insisting that all those who immigrate to America should "enter legally". Jane said to Ivana: "What you've just said about migrants a lot of people would find quite offensive. You're a migrant yourself - are you not shutting the door behind you?... "Do you not understand that some people just want a better life? How you describe them is quite inhumane." Ivana snapped back: "It is inhumane but everybody has to pick themselves up. "They have to go and apply for the visa properly then they come to America. They can come and cross the border properly." DON'T MISS... Dennis Waterman's New Tricks co-star unable to speak on actor's death [INSIGHT] Britney Spears urged to 'take it down a notch' after another naked pic [PICTURES] BBC's Deborah James in tears after raising £1m in 24 hours [COMMENT] She concluded the interview: "I am an immigrant, and I have no problem with the immigrants, but they must come into the country legally and get a job and pay taxes like the rest of the Americans and just live and be part of society. "There are some people who don't even dress Americanly, they dress whatever they dress in and they don't get a job and they steal and they rape the women and that is not the idea." Ivana grew up in Czechoslovakia and moved to Canada in September 1973. She then met Trump at a modelling event in New York City in 1976, and they married in April 1977. The couple's first son, Donald Trump Jr, was born later that year in December. They welcomed their daughter Ivanka in 1981 and then their son Eric in 1984. All three children were born in New York, making them US citizens. Trump has since married Melania Trump, who is Slovenian, and they have son Barron. You can listen to the full podcast here on Scott McGlynn's Instagram page