Cain (played by Jeff Hordley) has always seen Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) as a son figure, ever since Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) arrived back in the Emmerdale village in 2009. With the latter always being distracted from her responsibilities as a mother, the young man has turned to the bad boy of the village for advice and support over the years on the ITV soap. As the flash-forward week approaches, both Cain and Noah's latest storylines will come to a head in explosive fashion but as the fallout of what happens changes their lives forever, they could discover they have an unexpected bond in the fact they are father and son. It has always been believed Noah was the son of Christopher Tate (Peter Amory), who had died some months before the youngster was born. When Charity gave birth to her son in 2004, there was some contention as to who his father could be as she had slept with Cain, Chris and her cousin, Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock). The troublesome character was sure her child was Cain's as he was originally called Enoch, which translates to the son of Cain in the bible. A DNA test was done to determine who the father was and it emerged Chris had fathered the child, leading to a custody storyline for his sister, Zoe Tate (Leah Bracknell). Charity eventually got her hands on the baby at the time and it never crossed her mind the DNA results could have been interfered with. READ MORE: Blue Bloods' Abigail Hawk left in hysterics at season 13 renewal video With so many people in the running to be the father and with an heir needed for the Tate empire, an unknown character could have bribed someone at the laboratory to state Chris was the father. As the Tates had more than enough money in the bank, they could have offered a substantial payment to get Noah in their family. Therefore, the truth about his parentage could have been kept a secret for years, with only Charity knowing the plan which unravelled. Having had an affair with Zoe some years before, she could have learnt what the Tates did and knowing this was her inning into the family, she could have agreed to stay quiet. However, having him taken off her for good as part of the custody storyline could have tested Charity's patience as to whether she exposed the secret. However, in upcoming scenes, Noah could be looking at serving time in prison for stalking Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland) over the past few months. Although Cain is involved in his own storyline with his rival, Al Chapman (Michael Wildman), in the flash-forward week, Charity could call on him for help with her son. Cain would of course run to Noah's side but he would ask the youngster's mother why she turned to him first before asking the likes of her boyfriend, Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb). Finally admitting the truth, she could explain the deal she made with Tates and how she thought she would be able to get her hands on their money. This could change Cain's life as in his mind, he only thought he ever has four children including his daughter with Charity, Debbie Dingle (Charley Webb). DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker left 'bruised and battered' after tough day [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock's emotional farewell as co-star leaves soap [COMMENT]Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!' [COMMENT] Of course, he would tell his wife Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) the truth but he might have reservations about telling Noah. However, it would explain why Cain and Noah have had such a bond over the years, with them being so close because they are father and son. The actor who plays Cain, Jeff, spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about his character's relationship with the young man. With the fallout of Noah stalking Chloe likely to play out for weeks, Jeff was asked if Cain would try to help the teenager. He explained: "Yes but he would try and help him as best he could and try to make him see the error of his ways." "He's always had a bit of a soft spot for Noah as has Moira because I think the pair of them have always thought he's not had the best mother in his life," Jeff continued. One person who could get implicated in the fallout of the stalking storyline as well could be Al and the Cain star said this would be the worst thing to happen. Jeff explained: "This would be a red flag to a bull, wouldn't it. This would be the wrong person to get involved in the situation." "But obviously, Al is connected to Kerry [Wyatt] and Kerry is connected to Chloe so, therefore, that connection all makes sense. "It would be the wrong person to stick up for Chloe or to go after Noah," he said but with Cain discovering Noah is his son, will he finally get his chance to get rid of Al once and for all? Asked about whether he's enjoyed playing the feud with the actor who plays Al, Michael, Jeff said: "It's been great fun. "Michael and I get on really well and we sing from the same sheet when it comes to what we're trying to achieve in the story. "Which helps and it has been great fun working with him. It's good stuff," he added. With the possible discovery he could be Noah's real father, Jeff also discussed whether his character could ever go too far with his outlandish behaviour. "I think it depends. As with most of the Dingles, it's all about family. Now if somebody did something to one of his children, then who knows how far Cain will go. "I think that's the only answer I can give on that." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.