Jamie Carragher has slated Arsenal after their defeat to Newcastle, claiming he is “sick of saying the same things” about the Gunners. Mikel Arteta’s side took a huge blow in their bid to finish top four by losing 2-0 away to Newcastle. They stay two points behind rivals Tottenham, who go to Norwich on the final day of the season while Arsenal will hope to beat Everton at home and hope that Antonio Conte’s team lose at Carrow Road. Speaking on Sky Sports’ Monday Night Football, Carragher said: “Since I started at Sky I’m sick of saying the same things about Arsenal. I’ve got bored of it myself. I actually enjoyed this season, the young players I could get behind. I think the fanbase almost got behind it. “They could accept that they weren’t going to challenge for the biggest honours but there was something building, something starting. That performance there was bad. That in some ways was bigger than a cup final for Arsenal, with how important the Champions League is. “I thought they were really poor first half, but to play that poorly in the first half and then produce that in the second half, it wasn’t acceptable. It’s not the result, it’s the manner of the result.” Ben White turned Joelinton’s cross into his own net after 55 minutes, before Newcastle grabbed their second to seal the win when Bruno Guimaraes fired home past Aaron Ramsdale. “I think it’s a huge problem not just this season for Mikel Arteta,” Carragher said. “It’s a huge problem for this Arsenal team going forward. Europa League next season, Thursday-Sunday, I think they had their opportunity, a big one this season with no European football it’s a big advantage, and they still haven’t made it pay. “Spurs are not losing from that position. Arsenal know right now, they know why they are sitting down on the pitch, the scenes we’ve just seen with the supporters in the away end, supporters watching at home. There isn’t anybody in world football that believes Arsenal will be playing Champions League football on the back of that.” Gary Neville added: “It’s a bad one. I remember United losing that Europa League final to Villareal and thinking it was more than just a defeat. The Arsenal players’ body language at the end tells you it’s more than just a defeat, it was a big one. “I gave them the benefit of doubt at half-time, because I felt that the only way they were going to win this game was through a grind. I didn’t think they would come out of that game on Thursday at Tottenham, that was really damaging. They were brutalised by that Tottenham fanbase for 60 minutes, that’s a young team with inexperience that doesn’t have the experience and character. I never fully trusted them to get into the top four to be honest with you.”