With summer just around the corner, mowing the lawn will be a vital job for all gardeners. Mowing is the key to a healthy lawn as each cut encourages the grass to grow more thickly, creating a luxuriant look. It also blocks out weeds and makes the grass more hard-wearing. Cutting the grass can take up quite a lot of time in the growing season, so it's worth making sure that you're doing it properly. Lawns are largely ignored in winter due to poor weather and cooler temperatures. But as the seasons change and the temperature warms up, lawns need more care. Whether you are a green fingered enthusiast or new to the world of gardening, lawn specialist and co-founder of So & Mo, the UK's first subscription lawn care brand, Marc Kerr has shared some tips exclusively with Express.co.uk, looking at how to care for your grass in the month of May. He explained that gardeners should be doing “quick cuts” each week to maintain the health of their grass, despite the weather conditions. Marc said: “We know that rain can scupper plans for mowing the lawn, but you don’t always need to wait for perfect conditions. READ MORE: Lawn: ‘Very important step’ for planting grass seeds ‘successfully’ “The main thing to remember is not to remove more than one-third of the height of the grass you’re cutting. “If you’re planning to mow and it has just rained, use the length of your hosepipe, and drag it over the lawn to remove any surface water. The lawn pro then went on to explain how to do “quick cuts”. He said: “If it’s the first cut of the year, set the blades to the highest your lawnmower will go. “You can then do a ‘quick cut’, which will help level off all the grass. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to keep bath towels soft - ‘cheap and amazing’ way [COMMENT]Gardening: ‘Critical’ way to give your daffodils post-flowering care [EXPERT]Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [TIPS] “Once completed, it’s a great time to apply our Organic Booster and help harden the grass against diseases. “Wait three to five days and do another quick cut. “Lower the blades and give your garden fun new patterns. “Did you know that diagonal lines make your garden look bigger? If you can’t get straight lines on your lawn, use the contours for wavy lines.” Getting rid of weeds in lawns is important “to get your garden in shape for summer”, according to Marc. He said: “You get weeds in your garden in the first place because they take over thin or bare patches quickly. “To get your garden in shape for summer, you need to start with a clear-out, and you’ve got two options. “Use a trowel or handpick them (wear gloves and remove the roots), or use herbicide weed killer. “If you’ve only got a few to deal with, avoid using herbicides to kill them. “Once you’re subscribed to So & Mo’s seasonally adjusted lawn care plan, you’ll have a healthy and robust lawn which will out-compete weeds, leaving room for lush and healthy grass.” In May lawns also need to be fed to prevent them from looking dull. Marc explained: “We feed our bodies with nutrients to stay fit and healthy, and the same theory applies if you want a happy and healthy lawn. “Nutrients help the grass grow and strengthens the roots. “If you don’t, your growth will be slow, and you’ll have a dull-looking lawn. “With warmer weather and plenty of sunshine, feeding your lawn with So & Mo’s seasonally adjusted lawn care is a swift job with a handheld sprayer. “Our mix of nutrients helps with recovery, so your lawn will still be going strong after a kickabout or a garden party.”