Obi-Wan Kenobi is going to be the latest extension of the Star Wars franchise as the prequel focuses on what happened a decade after Darth Vader's (played by Hayden Christensen) rise to power. Having learned his skills from Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor), the Jedi Master feels responsible and wishes to train his son Luke Skywalker (Grant Feely ) to try and outweigh the bad with the good. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of the Disney+ series. Reprising his role as the titular Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi is actor Ewan McGregor. He starred in the original prequel movies in the Star Wars franchise and is back to carry on the story. Actor McGregor has featured in a plethora of films throughout his career, including Moulin Rouge!, Trainspotting, Birds of Prey, Doctor Sleep and Christopher Robin. Most recently, the Scottish actor was a narrator for the TV docu-series Jerusalem: City of Faith and Fury. READ MORE: Sally Dexter age: How old is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star? McGregor won't be the only familiar face returning to the sci-fi franchise as actor Hayden Christensen also makes a comeback. He originally played both Anakin Skywalker and the iconic Darth Vader and now, 17 years later, Christensen will be back to retell the tale. The 41-year-old has been in a variety of projects for the big and small screen, such as Jumper, 90 Minutes in Heaven, Higher Ground and The Last Man. He will feature in the upcoming The Mandalorian spin-off Ahsoka as well which is currently being filmed. The inquisitors are a group of high-ranking imperial officers who work for Darth Vader. The Grand Inquisitor, played by actor Rupert Friend, is in charge of the officers throughout the Galactic Empire and one of the series' main antagonists. Fans will best recognise actor Friend from Netflix's drama Anatomy of a Scandal where he portrayed James Whitehouse. Some of his other work has been in Strange Angel, Homeland, The Young Victoria and High Desert. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Max Turner's boyfriend unmasked  [THEORY]Star Wars: Anakin Skywalker star doesn't agree with prequel criticisms [EXPLAINER]When does the Obi-Wan Kenobi series come out on Disney Plus?  [RELEASE DATE] Darth Vader abandoned his son Luke Skywalker after taking over the empire. This led to his farmer uncle Owen Lars and his wife Beru Lars (Bonnie Piesse) becoming his guardians. In the trailer, Owen is seen telling Obi-Wan to stay away, insisting their family wants nothing to do with him. Australian actor Joel Edgerton appeared in the Star War films Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith as a young Owen Lars. He will be returning to this role, especially for the Disney+ series. Reva Sevander, also known as the Third Sister, is an ambitious Inquisitor who is determined to work her way up the ranks. Actress Moses Ingram's biggest role to date has been as Jolene in the Netflix drama The Queen's Gambit. Other cast members include: Fifth Brother - Sung Kang Beru Lars - Bonnie Piesse Luke Skywalker - Grant Feely Obi-Wan Kenobi premieres on Friday, May 27, on Disney Plus.