Ulrika Jonsson, 54, has slammed the ongoing Amber Heard and Johnny Depp defamation trial. Ulrika has expressed her frustration that the way each party has treated each other “overshadows” the experience of other domestic abuse sufferers who aren’t so wealthy. The star explained that not all domestic abuse cases were fuelled by drugs, but rather were more likely to be powered by coercion and fear. She concluded by opining that neither of the two should be given a platform. Ulrika wrote: “The treatment of each party by the other overshadows the experience endured by many abuse victims. “One that is not enhanced or gilded by wealth and excess. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 “Domestic abuse cases are not always fuelled by drugs and alcohol. “They are more likely to be powered by coercion, fear and control.” She added that she felt it fair that Amber should lose her “share” of jobs and work opportunities just like Johnny alleges he has lost his, due to the domestic violence allegations he has denied. Elsewhere in her column for The Sun, Ulrika spoke about her decision to end a pregnancy. The presenter wrote that she discovered she was pregnant in an airplane lavatory while travelling to Sweden in January 1996. It came just after she received the shocking phone call telling her of her father’s sudden death at age 53. She furthered that at the time, she already had a 15-month-old son and was in the early stages of a new relationship. The star said that contraception had “failed” her and she was not prepared for another child. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] Ulrika explained that there was no other choice but abortion. The columnist wrote of her own experience in the wake of the potential overruling of Roe vs. Wade in America. IF overruled, it would take away a woman’s right to an abortion in the US as the power will be handed to individual states. Ulrika reiterated that as it stands, roughly half of America’s states are “certain or likely” to ban abortion. Currently, Oklahoma bans abortion after six weeks. She said in the article that this is the closest to an outright ban as most women don’t discover they are pregnant until the fourth week, according to figures from the American Pregnancy Association. Ulrika reiterated in her column that she has no interest in exercising power over men, just that women are allowed power over themselves. She added that most people who who claim to be pro-life are simply just “anti-abortion”.