William Burns suffered horrific injuries - which he died from instantly - when he was crushed against a fence on April 18 last year. The 63-year-old had been enjoying a walk in the sunshine with his friend when the incident occurred on Station Road in Stechford, Birmingham.  Haroon Basharat had been driving his father's high-speed vehicle when he accelerated hard around a corner, causing the car to spin 180 degrees and career backwards onto the pavement, reports Birmingham Live. It is estimated he was travelling around 52mph on the 30mph road just moments before the fatal collision. The 28-year-old then fled the scene and claimed he had tried to report the incident online, before handing himself in to a police station around six hours later saying he thought he had been in an accident. As well as turning off the traction control, which he denied, he had disabled the dynamic stability control. Basharat, of Bromford Lane, Birmingham, pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving.  At Birmingham Crown Court on Wednesday, May 25, he was jailed for four years and six months and handed a driving ban. Judge Martin Hurst conceded Mr Burns' devastated family would find it 'incredible' Basharat would be released after half that term despite 'taking a life'. Addressing the defendant he said: "By your deliberate actions, switching off the dynamic stability control, driving aggressively, at speed, in a pedestrian area, you have deprived this family of its principal member. "A beloved grandfather, father and husband. You will be released relatively soon. They will have to live with your selfish actions forever."  The court heard highly emotional impact statements from Mr Burns' family. His widow Emma described him as her 'entire world' and the 'most caring, kind and helpful person you could meet'. She branded Basharat's actions as 'selfish and dangerous' adding the period since her husband's death had been the most 'heartbreaking and excruciating time of my life'. Mr Burns' son Wayne told the court he fell to his knees upon hearing of his father's death over the telephone adding 'mentally that's where I remain to this day'. He vividly described how he was 'consumed by anger and rage' and even left in fear of receiving phone calls. Mr Burns' other son Kenny stated his father was his 'hero' and his death had 'destroyed' his life. Addressing Basharat directly he added: "I will look you in the eye and tell you I will never forgive and will never forget." Prosecutor Timothy Harrington stated the fatal collision occurred on the A4040 Station Road opposite the Shell petrol station around 1.20pm on Sunday, April 18 when Mr Burns had been out for a walk with his friend. He said Basharat was driving his father's white BMW M140 which he described as a 'powerful motorcar' with more than 300 brake horsepower. The prosecutor explained that traction control is designed to stop a car from losing control by preventing wheelspins and causing anti-lock braking systems to take power away from wheels losing traction. He stated it had been the law since 2011 for new cars to have traction control. Basharat initially claimed he had not switched it off but he abandoned the lie after being contradicted by a vehicle expert. Judge Hurst emphasised that while the traction control could be turned off with the press of a button, disabling the dynamic stability control required holding the same button for a number of seconds which then prompted a warning. He added both features reset to the default safe position every time the car was turned off and on again. Judge Hurst said that the defendant 'deliberately made this car more dangerous than it needed to be' and concluded he had 'no doubt' the accident would have been avoided if the features were left on. According to witnesses, Basharat was 'driving aggressively, at speed, as if he was in a hurry and wanted to get past things'. Jennifer Josephs, defending, stated the BMW was far more powerful than his own car adding he had not driven anything of that nature before. She said Basharat left the scene of the collision because he 'panicked' but attended the police station before he was identified as the driver. Ms Josephs said: "He is absolutely devastated he has caused the death of another person. His remorse is utterly genuine. It has had a major impact on him and his health." She told the court Basharat was attacked a few months after the incident, sustaining an injury to his wrist which required a metal plate. But there was an audible reaction of derision when she added her client felt 'it was almost a type of Karma', prompting Judge Hurst to usher her on to her next point of mitigation.