Nicky (played by Kimberly Hart-Simpson) has been having a rough ride since returning to Weatherfield and it appears as though the former sex worker's life is about to spiral further downwards. The former love interest of Daniel (Rob Mallard) was last seen on Coronation Street in 2020 when he paid off her debts so she could make her exit. However, love rival Daisy (Charlotte Jordan) is known for being the jealous type and might see red if Daniel rekindles his relationship with Nicky.  Nicky has been on the straight and narrow since returning to the cobbles and she even secured a job as a teaching assistant at Weatherfield High School thanks to Daniel. However, she lost everything when student Max Turner (Paddy Bever) shared images throughout the school which revealed she was once a sex worker. Daniel initially thought Daisy was the person who shared the photographs, but Max owned up. Daisy broke up with Daniel when he accused her but she has been feeling increasingly insecure about his growing connection with Nicky.  READ MORE: Lorraine warns Emmerdale guest to ‘behave' after appearance remark In upcoming scenes, Daniel feels as though he is not cut out for teaching anymore. Nicky, who has moved in with him while she continues looking for a job so she can provide for herself and her daughter Maisie Wheatley (Lucia Aliu), comforts Daniel when he tells her he does not deserve to be a teacher. Nicky's feelings for Daniel have been becoming more apparent on the ITV soap and she is set to suggest they could have a future together. How will Daniel react when Nicky puts her heart on the line?  Nicky actress Kimberly opened up to Express.co.uk and other media about her character's feelings for Daniel as well as how a green-eyed Daisy might react. She explained: "[Daniel] is the closest thing she had had to [love] in absolute years and years, and of course, she will naturally want to gravitate towards that." Addressing Daisy's jealousy issues, the actress said: "If it wasn’t me, it was going to be another woman because I think she has some underlying issues with jealousy. "I don’t think it is a Nicky problem, it’s a Daisy problem, but the way it’s all come about is still really hard for her to accept Daisy." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Sinead Tinker’s long lost twin arrives  [THEORY]Coronation Street's Jacob star slams cancel culture  [INTERVIEW]Kym Marsh health: Star on her 'horrendous' hernia recovery [HEALTH]  Nicky could find herself in serious trouble if a jealous Daisy gets involved. Daisy knows Nicky is currently out of work and relying on Daniel, so will the barmaid try to turn Daniel against her? When asked how Nicky would cope if he chooses Daisy over her, she explained: "It is not just about losing Daniel, it is about losing the picture-postcard again as well. "It is just the whole scenario, and she is going to be homeless." Kimberly added: "Let’s face the facts she is going to be homeless and Maisie’s life will be interrupted. "It feels good to be next to him so she will lose that feeling and she still has no job.    "The stakes are bigger than love, it’s the picture as well. But of course, she is not just using him for that, that is not the case at all." The actress admitted her character is concerned she would be "back at square one" if Daniel kicked her out and made her homeless before she secured a job.  But Kimberly has hinted Daniel might be worth the risk, adding: "Sometimes you can’t help your feelings and her loyalties don’t lie with Daisy. "So it is going to be difficult, it’s incredibly hard this scenario she is in. "Her life is already based on risk as it is so what is one more for the road?" Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV 