Joining host Bradley Walsh on Tuesday's instalment of ITV's The Chase, all with hopes of staying ahead of the Chaser, were Toby, Becca, Neil and Sophia. With all four making it back to the panel, Bradley dubbed them an "almost super team" however, brainbox Jenny 'The Vixen' Ryan wasn't going down without a fight. As the show progressed, fans were quick to point out the differences in questions that were asked. Toby was first up to get as much money into the cash builder as possible. Avoiding being caught by Jenny, he took his £5,000 back to the team. Becca followed suit, also managing to take £5,000 back. The third contestant was Sophia, who, after a few hairy moments was able to secure her and the team an additional £4,000. Read More: 'Not right!' Meghan and Harry Netflix cameras blasted for being at Jubilee by Ferrari The Chaser pointed out that Neil, who was sitting safely on the other side of the desk, kept encouraging his teammates to take the higher amount. With £14,000 saved ahead of Neil's attempt Jenny jabbed: "I think this is a really strong team already, and I think Neil has pound signs in his eyes, based on his support. "Maybe we have a quizzer on our hands?" Neil, a self-admitted none quizzer, answered six questions correctly, and after teasing his teammates, "They say go big or go home... so I am going to take the £6,000, so I can go back home to the team," he managed to beat The Vixen to return with his pot of money. After Neil's triumphant return, Bradley commented: "£20,000 for four, that's almost a super team." Jenny added: "They are a very good team. I have my work cut out for me. I want a good total to chase." In the final chase, they managed to have a 20 question headstart, but that only ignited a fire in The Vixen. With only one pushback executed, she managed to catch the team with 13 seconds spare and their £20,000 jackpot was depleted. DON’T MISS…Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to former co-star as she lands 1932 role [LATEST]Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show 'Need to go' [LATEST]‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks out on key Claire change [LATEST] The ITV show's viewers were quick to highlight the difficulty of the questions and how maybe it wasn't an even playing field. Kate Gleeson tweeted: "Finding the questions asked to The Vixen on the chase this evening pretty easy! #thechase @thechaseitv." (sic) @FruitnVeggie added: "And that's why I don't watch #TheChase anymore. She had so many p**s easy questions, so boring now" "Them questions were p**s easy #TheChase," (sic) Dunny Van De Beek felt the same.