   Ozzy Osbourne, 73, has broken his silence on his frail appearance in a candid interview. The Black Sabbath singer stated that his “time is going to come” but that he isn’t “planning on going anywhere” just yet.      Fans have grown increasingly concerned over the past few days after pictures of Ozzy looking very frail appeared on social media. In an interview published four days ago, the ageing rocker was asked for his thoughts on mortality. He replied: “At f***ing seventy-three I’ve done pretty well. I don’t plan on going anywhere, but my time’s going to come.” When asked about what advice he would give to his younger self, he replied: “Stay alive.” READ MORE: Rylan Clark urged critics 'lay off' Scott Mills amid BBC replacement     When the interviewer quizzed the musician on whether he was “surprised” about his longevity, Ozzy responded: “Absolutely. So are a lot of people.” Ozzy has come close to dying before, after getting into a terrible quad bike accident in 2003. At 55, taking on the dangerous activity at his Buckinghamshire home left him with severe injuries. He ended up in a London hospital undergoing emergency surgery to correct a broken collarbone, eight fractured ribs that were pinching crucial blood vessels, and a broken neck vertebra.      Reflecting upon whether there has been any lasting damage from the accident, Ozzy, who is also battling Parkinson's disease, gave some insight into what his health is like today. “Yes, there has,” he confirmed. “I’m just waiting on some more surgery on my neck. “I can’t walk properly these days. I have physical therapy every morning. “I am somewhat better, but nowhere near as much as I want to be to go back on the road,” he told Henry Yates in the Louder Sound article. READ MORE... Carol Kirkwood on ‘shocking’ divorce before meeting 'soulmate' [INSIGHT] Jurassic Park's Laura Dern and Sam Neill weigh in on 19-year age gap [NEWS] Carol Kirkwood was unsure about remarrying after split [INSIGHT]      Fans have been expressing their concerns for Ozzy’s health on social media over the past few days. Reacting to an article entitled “Frail Ozzy Osbourne spotted leaving California recording studio”, Tory Jones tweeted: “God, please let the GOAT make it to Atlanta one last time.” (sic) “God bless the Osbourne's,” Jack Walker penned. “Such a shame that they've had so many things to deal with over the last few years. “Saw Sabbath on their farewell tour and Ozzy was in great shape!      “SO hope Ozzy's health improves enough for us fans to pay him the respect he deserves on his NMT2 tour!” (sic) “Love him or hate him, this man is partially responsible for so, so many years of classic rock on the radio. Best of health to you Ozzy,” added Cambrian5150. Worries for the rocker intensified after Ozzy’s wife Sharon Osbourne revealed earlier this month that he had been infected with COVID-19. While the star and his wife were able to beat the illness, Ozzy has since been spotted looking frail and using a walking stick to get around.   