The RIA news agency reported that a total of 12 wildfires across the Minusinsk district in Krasnoyarsk Krai had led to authorities taking action. Blazes are currently raging across an area of 300 hectares, coming perilously close to some settlements. Evacuation efforts are now being considered for residents living in the nearby vicinity. Footage posted on the Russian social media site VK showed flames billowing in the distance near to the village of Lugavskoye. The affected areas are all within the Krasnoyarsk Krai region, which covers half of the Siberian Federal District. In Russia, a Krai is recognised as a federal subject and the Krasnoyarsk Krai is the third-largest in the entire country. The city of Krasnoyarsk acts as the regions administrative centre which governs an area of 2,339,700 square kilometres.  READ MORE: Putin's impossible demands leave 400 Russians dead and injured A DAY Reports began to emerge of wildfires earlier on Tuesday, with one photo on Twitter appearing to show large plumes of smoke near to several towns in the region. Initially, Russia’s Ministry of Emergency Situations said the incident amounted to small grass fires. However, several hours later authorities declared a state of emergency in the Krasnoyarsk Krai. Maps from Dataminr estimate the fires began near to the historical town of Minusinsk, towards the south of the Krasnoyarsk Krai.  The town is estimated to have a population of more than 70,000 people. One video posted on Twitter by @taygainfo showed fierce flames ravaging areas close to local communities. Another uploaded by @mediazzzona showed fires blocking a federal highway on the way to two villages. The news comes just a day after a significant blaze was ignited at a facility for the Russian Defence Ministry.  DON'T MISS: Putin shamed as brutal Chechen warriors execute RUSSIAN troops  [NEWS]How the UK, US and their allies could respond to a nuclear attack [EXPLAINER]Pensioners to boycott Tories over ‘broken promises’ on cost of living [INSIGHT] Vyacheslav Gladkov, Governor for the Belgorod Region, confirmed the news via a post on Telegram. He said: "A fire broke out on the territory of one of the facilities of the Russian Defence Ministry on the border of three municipalities, the Borisovsky and Belgorodsky regions and the Yakovlevsky city district” At present it’s known that one person was injured by the incident but it was “minor, with no threat to life”. Seven homes were also damaged by the fire which took place only 30 kilometres away from Russia’s border with Ukraine. 