If Tottenham are to put an end to their trophy drought, they must be prepared to heavily back manager Antonio Conte. However, another priority will certainly be keeping Harry Kane at the club. Spurs are currently battling it out with North London rivals Arsenal to secure the coveted fourth spot that will see them secure Champions League football for next season. With such a feat, Conte will be able to attract top talent to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentacur have both hit the ground running in the Premier League since being acquired by the Italian manager, and further investment by owner Daniel Levy should mean that Conte can continue his hot streak of transfers. But keeping Kane has always been of major importance for Spurs, and The Times claims that the club are ‘quietly confident’ that the 28-year-old will be their player next season. The striker was heavily linked with a move to Manchester City last summer but Levy wasn’t willing to budge despite an offer of £100million. READ MORE: Pulisic backed for West Ham move as Chelsea ace told he wouldn't play at Arsenal But City’s pursuit of Kane now appears to be over as they have turned their attention to exciting young prospect Erling Haaland of Borussia Dortmund. The Norwegian is set to have the release clause in his contract activated in the summer amid interest from numerous European giants. Real Madrid have also been previously been linked with Kane, but they are set to sign Kylian Mbappe in the summer when his contract with Paris Saint-Germain expires. With Karim Benzema on their books already, signing Kane would simply be a waste of budget rather than a smart investment for Los Blancos. DON'T MISSRonaldo drops Man Utd transfer hint with three-word message to TV camera [REACTION]Arsenal could finally sign Melo as Juventus ‘plan swap deal’ involving Gunners ace [GOSSIP]Man Utd’s asking price for Ronaldo is far too low ahead of Ten Hag arrival [OPINION] Manchester United is the most recent team to have registered their interest in Kane, but Erik ten Hag will have a significant list of transfer targets when he arrives in the summer and is likely to pass up on the chance to use the majority of his budget on just one star. United also are not going to be playing Champions League football next season and could even slip into the Europa Conference League places meaning, arguably, leaving Spurs for the Red Devils is a step backwards in the short term. Kane has scored 13 goals and assisted eight in 33 appearances for Tottenham this season, forming an unstoppable partnership with Heung-min Son and flourishing in Conte’s 3-4-3 system. His contract with Spurs expires in 2024 and it remains to be seen whether he commits his future to the club once more.