Holly Willoughby, 41, took to her Wylde Moon shop’s Instagram account today to share a trick for dog owners. The This Morning presenter sympathised with others who have to deal with their pet’s droppings while on walks. Explaining her new “household hack”, Holly boasted she's a “genius” for coming up with the idea. The ITV favourite revealed she had used her Wylde Moon incense holder as a place to store her dog poo bags. She said: "Now you can just call me genius because I've just come up with something that I am so happy about and if you own a dog, I think you might like it to…" Holly went on: “What would you do with the pot? What would you do? Poo bag holder!" Showing off her repurposed holder, Holly added: "So obviously I've got those poo bag holders that I have attached to the lead but in the house, by the back door. I just had a roll of poo bags that would roll off constantly and I was constantly winding up, and look it's in here.” The video was shared in view of Wylde Moon’s 154,000 followers and showed Holly perched on a chair while her dog wandered around the house in the background. The post was captioned: “Who doesn't love a household hack? “@hollywilloughby comes up with a little stroke of genius as she turns an empty (borrowed from) The Wild diffuser vessel into a dog poo bag dispenser!” It added: “Sustainability is hugely important to us here at WYLDE MOON and we love seeing how you reuse your ceramic candle and diffuser vessels. “Let us know your favourite way to upcycle in the comments. “Thank you, Holly, we'll definitely be giving this a go!” Fans who were left amazed by Holly’s hack took to the comments section to praise the presenter for sharing it. READ MORE...Amber Heard 'slips up' in deposition, Johnny Depp's lawyer claims [INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [UPDATE]Lorraine Kelly warns Kate Garraway’s husband is in for 'a hard road' [LATEST] Pennyinspain2004 said: “Great idea I have an empty one I’ll give it to my daughter for her poo bags there always rolling about !! Wonderful Hollie xxxx” Clara.bxx added: “OMG ….THIS IS AMAZEBALLS … sooooo classy…. Awesome… game changer …. “I cant bear stuff lying around ESP if to do with this sort of thing… v discreet… perfect” (sic) Estfitz commented: “Brilliant idea! @hollywilloughby our poo bags ALWAYS roll off! “Will be trying this first thing tomorrow.” Holly launched her website, Wylde Moon, back in October 2021, in which fans get to experience the TV star’s spiritual side. The lifestyle brand promotes homespun wisdom and alternative therapies as part of the new wellness movement. Earlier this year, Holly saw the launch of Wylde Moon's new perfume, proving the brand has gone from strength to strength. Holly’s personal rebrand also saw her release her self-help manual, Reflections.