Cristiano Ronaldo looks to be facing an uncertain future at Manchester United after the club's lacklustre Premier League campaign reached a new low against Brighton and Hove Albion on Saturday evening. The Red Devils were dismantled over the course of the 90 minutes at the Amex Stadium, with Moises Caicedo, Marc Cucurella, Pascal Gross and Leandro Trossard all getting on the scoresheet to condemn the visitors to yet another heavy defeat. United have already been thrashed by the likes of Liverpool and Watford since the beginning of the campaign but will likely consider Saturday's performance against Brighton as their worst of the entire season. The result could also have significant ramifications for Ronaldo and his future at Old Trafford, with United now mathematically out of the race to qualify for next season's Champions League.The Red Devils currently sit five points adrift of fourth-placed Arsenal with just one Premier League match left to play against Crystal Palace later this month. Their failure to finish in the division's top four could see Ronaldo chase a move away from the club over the coming months, with The Sun having claimed back in January that the five-time Ballon d'Or winner would not be prepared to stay if United fail to qualify for Europe's most prestigious club tournament.Ronaldo will miss out on Champions League football for the first time in 20 years if he remains at Old Trafford next season but still looks to be more than capable of doing the business at that level in spite of his age and United's recent struggles. The 37-year-old has chipped in with 18 league goals since the beginning of the season and recently picked up his side's Player of the Month award for April as a result of his strong individual form. JUST IN: Five things we learned as Man Utd battered by Brighton He was a shadow of his usual self against Brighton, though, and was powerless to stop United from slumping to their latest embarrassing defeat at the hands of an inferior side, or at least on paper. The former Juventus man failed to register a single shot on target over the course of the match and was caught laughing in disbelief when Gross fired home Brighton's third goal of the afternoon shortly before the hour mark.It remains to be seen whether Ronaldo's stance on leaving United in the absence of Champions League football will have changed since the turn of the year or if he will actively seek a new challenge away from Old Trafford over the coming months. Arsenal icon Paul Merson recently urged incoming boss Erik ten Hag to take the initiative and sell Ronaldo, regardless of whether the player wants to leave or not, in order to work towards solving United's many on-pitch problems before the start of next season. "Erik ten Hag must bite the bullet and get rid of Cristiano Ronaldo or he'll waste his first year at Manchester United," wrote Merson in his Daily Star column."If you're bringing in a manager who's going to be there for the next three or four years you can't waste one on a striker who isn't. Ronaldo has had a good season. But everyone else at the club has been atrocious. Why do you think that is?"Some players bring out the best in those around them. Some players make them worse. That's what Ronaldo has done. Look what Karim Benzema is doing for Real Madrid, he's scored 43 goals this season. I don't remember him doing that when Ronaldo was there." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here