Stranger Things season four, volume one is out now after hitting Netflix recently with fans making their way through the new episodes rapidly. The new series of Stranger Things was set in 1986 with the Cold War continuing to impact the plot. However, fans were intrigued after the character of Tammy Thompson (played by Julia Reilly) made an appearance. She was previously mentioned in season three, when the characters of Russian scientist Dr Alexei (Alec Utgoff), Suzie (Gabriella Pizzolo) and Robin (Maya Hawke) were introduced. Over the course of this series and the third outing, Robin and Steve Harrington (Joe Keery) developed a deep friendship as they worked side-by-side and attended school together. Their bond grew stronger as Robin gave Steve romantic advice and vice-versa. As fans will remember, the duo first became friends when they worked together at Scoops Ahoy! at the Starcourt Mall in season three. The pair also delved deep into the Russian spy signals Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) managed to inadvertently intercept on Cerebro, his long-range radio mast. Their journey led them to be interrogated by the Russians about what they knew. Both were fed a powerful truth serum to extract information from them. READ MORE: Is this the last season of Stranger Things? In a touching scene which saw them retching after taking the serum, Robin mentioned Tammy and came out as gay. Steve started to express his feelings for her when she broke the news to him that she preferred women. “Tammy Thompson… I wanted her to look at me, but she couldn’t pull her eyes away from your or your stupid hair,” Robin confessed to Steve. She continued: “I didn’t understand because you would get bagel crumbs all over the floor and you asked dumb questions, and you were a douchebag. “You didn’t even like her and I would go home and just scream into my pillow.” As Steve listened, he could only say: “But…Tammy Thompson’s a girl…?” However, after a quiet moment, Steve realised and simply said “oh”. The pair then sealed their friendship as they belted out Eighties power ballad Total Eclipse of the Heart together. The character of Tammy was finally brought into the show in season four when she arrived to sing the American national anthem before a basketball match. STRANGER THINGS SEASON 3 ENDING EXPLAINED Tammy arrived from Nashville, presumably moving there from Hawkins to help launch her music career. In the show, Robin and Steve joked how she sounded "like a muppet" as she performed. The moment also saw Robin talking to fellow band member Vickie (Amybeth McNulty), whom she had a crush on. From the looks of it, Tammy won't be featuring much in Stranger Things but her appearance nicely dovetailed with Robin's coming out scene in season three. Speaking about the coming out storyline, actress Hawke told Entertainment Weekly previously: “She gets less sarcastic and more vulnerable and more herself, until finally, in the end, she has no choice but to be her complete self. “I think that to have that scene [set] in the ’80s, and to have that scene on TV in general, I feel really honoured [sic] to have got to be a part it, and I’m really grateful that the Duffer Brothers wrote it.” DON'T MISS...Stranger Things: Did the experiments on Eleven happen in real life? [INSIGHT]Is Dr Brenner from Stranger Things based on a real person? [ANALYSIS]How did Billy Hargrove die in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER]  She went on to reveal: “It wasn’t definitive. It was a kind of discussion between myself and the writers’ room and the Duffer Brothers and [executive producer] Shawn [Levy]. “We were trying to find what was right for Robin and right for the journey and right for the show. But that ended up being my favorite [sic] scene to film.” Robin is the first LGBTQ character in Stranger Things and has been hailed by fans for inclusion and representation on screen. She is very much a main character and viewers will be waiting to see how her relationship with Vickie possibly develops. Season four, volume two of Stranger Things will be coming out on July 1 with fans now desperately looking forward to watching the finale to the latest outing. After this, there will be one more season in the form of season five which is the last outing. Stranger Things season 4 is available to watch on Netflix now