Crystal Palace boss Patrick Vieira kicked out at an Everton fan at Goodison Park after being goaded at full-time. The Toffees secured their Premier League safety after a dramatic 3-2 comeback triumph, and the former French international was seemingly in no mood to stand by and take stick from one home fan in particular. It was an emotional night on Merseyside with Everton fighting to avoid an awkward encounter with Arsenal on the final day. It looked to be heading that way, however, when goals from Jean-Philippe Mateta and Jordan Ayew put Palace two to the good by half-time. But Frank Lampard galvanized his team at the interval, and they came out swinging. Goals from Michael Keane, Richarlison and Dominic Calvert-Lewin completed an outrageous comeback that saw Everton fans invade the pitch after the winning goal went in, and at full time. JUST IN: Matteo Guendouzi trying to thwart ex-club Arsenal as William Saliba told to ditch Gunners Vieira was amongst the chaos when thousands of Toffees ran on after the final whistle, and one fan appeared to goad him at close quarters. The former tough-tackling midfielder then retaliated by striking out, getting himself into a confrontation with multiple Everton fans before being led away by others. Vieira appeared to kick and grapple with the fan as the incident was captured on film. The incident is sure to provoke a mixed response, and former Premier League marksman Dion Dublin sympathised with the Palace boss. "People would say don't react, but I disagree," he told Sky Sports. "If someone is in your face, what do you do? "Having fans on the pitch is not the way forward, we have to stop letting fans on the pitch. You can't have players in fear of their lives if players are on the pitch. For any players or member of staff on the pitch, it's a scary place to be." DON'T MISS: Arsenal 'ask Dybala's agent about his demands' as Jesus alternative (TRANSFERS)Arsenal icon David Seaman joins Gary Neville to slam Granit Xhaka (INSIGHT)Arsenal star Gabriel Martinelli shirt number change linked to transfer (NEWS)  Palace missed the chance to go 10th in the table with a win on Merseyside, instead sliding down to 13th in a cluster of mid-table sides separated by just four points. The former Arsenal captain has drawn praise for his debut campaign at Selhurst Park, making the final shortlist for Manager of the Year, but it remains to be seen if he will be punished for his post-match actions. After the game, Vieira refused to go into too much detail about the pitch invasion, telling reporters that he 'had nothing to say on the matter'. Instead, he spoke about his disappointment in Palace's capitulation, which will undoubtedly be lost in amongst the evening's more dramatic storylines - of which there were plenty.  "Disappointed," he told Sky Sports. "Disappointed because I think in the first half we played some really good football, we managed to control the tempo of the game and we managed to control the game tactically. "We came back in the second half with a lot of confidence but we did not respect the game as well as we did in the first half and I think slowly and slowly they started to get in the game and when they scored the first goal they woke up the crowd and then it became really difficult for us. The game went into a fight and we couldn't cope with it."