American actor and comedian Michael Rapaport stepped in to host the US chat show The Wendy Williams Show this week. On the show, Mr Rapaport brutally mocked Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's latest ventures and his antics left the audience in stitches as he claims the couple need to "get a life". On the show, Mr Rapaport said: "Prince Harry, Harry ballgame, and Meghan Markle are getting a reality TV show according to Page Six. "They let the cameras into their home for a juicy project, insiders say it may possibly be about their breakdown with the Royal Family". He pointed out that he could hear the audience "moaning and groaning", adding "I feel the exact same way". Mr Rapaport commented that he suspected the show would be like "a human sleeping pill", a comment that left the audience laughing. He continued: "These two, you [Meghan and Harry] need to get a life", adding "you left the Royal Family to do a reality show". READ MORE: Why Pippa Middleton didn't make Kate her bridesmaid — ‘tricky situation’ The actor and comedian called the couple "Meghan and Harry Markle", and not Sussex, as the couple wanted "to do things their own way", adding that "she is driving the ship". He added: "I just don't understand it, they were doing philanthropy and now they are doing a reality show." He stated that Harry went "from being a real prince" to being "an actual real housewife". READ MORE: Harry and Meghan warned docuseries must include Archie and Lilibet 'Netflix expect it' He continued: "You guys said you didn't want attention, you didn't want to be in the limelight but then you are starting a reality TV show. "This is how you really become royalty in America, start your own reality TV show. He went on to say that he doesn't know "what they want" or "what's their end game". DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] The reported docuseries is just one project pending in their $100 million Netflix deal. The Duchess was previously expected to produce an animated series titled Pearl but the streaming platform earlier this month announced the project had been axed as part of a new money-saving strategy. Prince Harry is still working on the documentary Heart of Invictus, documenting his work with the Invictus Games. Speaking previously on GB News, presenter Patrick Christys stated that the Netflix series is going to be coming out "in conjunction" with Harry's "tell-all" memoir, which is due to be released later this year.