Loose Women panellist Ruth Langsford set the record straight about a "row" with Eamonn Holmes on the ITV talk show. She told viewers her husband, who presents GB News, "should be worried" after he told his social media followers about a tiff they had over where their eggcups are kept. Looking into the camera and addressing her husband directly, Ruth said: "Eamonn Holmes, darling, you should be worried now." She continued: "Right I have a big bone to pick with my husband because I did not know this had gone on. I just saw a headline which popped up on Google." The headline, which was shown to Loose Women viewers, said Eamonn was in Ruth's "bad books" after an "innocent question sparked a row". As Ruth was explaining the story she added: "I was like, 'What? Where has he said that?'"  READ MORE: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah  She went onto his Twitter and found a post which read: "Little could I have imagined that a simple question asked out loud like 'Where do we keep the eggcups?' Would have got the day off to such a fractious start. "Sorry I asked," Eamonn added alongside an array of confused face emojis. The Northern Irish broadcaster's remarks sparked an online debate, with many people siding with Ruth. Explaining herself to the Loose Women panel, Ruth fumed: "Yes, that did happen because he never knows where anything is."   Her co-star Brenda Edwards teased her Eamonn was "egging her on" and Ruth took the joke on the chin. Eamonn's post was shared at the weekend and ahead of discussing it on Loose Women, Ruth said: "Eamonn, you have been warned." Swarms of Eamonn's followers commented on his Tweet, with Rory MacKay remarking: "Oh dear Eamonn. Hope you're not in the bad books now." Janette Galbraith added: "We too had an egg cup conversation/argument recently when I was accused of losing it! After toing and froing for ages, we realised that my husband had probably binned it when he threw the remaining eggshell away, in one of his senior moments. Tell Ruth she's a saint!"  DON'T MISS...Loose Women's Denise Welch says 'stop talking' about Harry and Meghan [LATEST]Stacey Solomon sparks frenzy sharing stunning snaps before BAFTAs [UPDATE]Stacey Solomon 'shuddering' before BAFTAs with Joe amid mishap fears [INSIGHT] Christine Quinney said: "It’s funny Eamonn, my husband knows which cupboard to get things from, funny though... After he’s emptied the dishwasher he never knows where they go back! After 41 years, I’ve given up!" Anna commented: "Oh dear. Bless you, Eamonn and I know you know this, but we (ladies) were born with an inbuilt finding instinct which our husbands don’t have. "It isn’t our fault that we get irritated by the fact you don’t have it (or listen when we tell you things)." @Sizefive1 said: "Sounds like my husband and sons. My husband didn't even know what colour our curtains were and we'd had them up for three years. Men and women are totally wired differently but all good."  June Fardey joked: "It is deliberate you know … they play thick to avoid being asked to do anything again!" The panel continued to make egg jokes during the episode, but they also spoke about the BAFTA 2022 Television Awards which were held on Sunday. Panellist Judi Love admitted the hair and make-up team had done wonders for her after feeling a little tired after a long night of celebrations at the awards. Loose Women continues on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 