Lorraine Kelly, 62, opened up about a difficult conversation she had with her daughter when she returned from travelling abroad. Mother-of-one Lorraine spoke about the “heartbreaking” moment when she appeared as a guest on a new podcast episode. The 62-year-old revealed she had spoken to her daughter about staying safe in public spaces after her daughter Rosie returned from Singapore before the first lockdown. She said: “I had to have the conversation with her that I found quite heartbreaking actually, which was, this is not Singapore, you cannot walk home on your own.” She continued: “You know, you can't leave your drink in the bar. You can't do all these things. “And of course, she's in London, but equally if she was in Glasgow, Aberdeen, Birmingham, Manchester, Newcastle and Belfast, I would have had the same conversation. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care “And that's terribly sad, you know, talking to her, telling young women that that's how it is. “And that's really, and it's only when you're in that position that you know, and we've obviously had the high profile, dreadful tragedies of young women getting murdered, getting attacked, and all of this and it's just really, really sad.” Lorraine insisted changes are needed for things to improve. She told the Be Honest podcast hosts: “There has to be a real, a real sea change.” Also on the podcast episode, Lorraine spoke about Boris Johnson not knowing who she was during his interview with Susanna Reid, the guests she has banned from her daytime show and also how Leigh Francis’ depiction of her on his show Bo’ Selecta! had offended her. On Tuesday, the Scottish presenter broke down in tears during a pre-recorded clip on her TV morning show after recalling the time in 2012 when the 62-year-old fell from a horse. She was rushed to hospital after it trampled on her, which left her traumatised and reluctant to go horse riding again. Lorraine recently overcame her fear of horse riding after the "traumatic" accident. DON'T MISS:Bill Turnbull reacts to Deborah James' fight amid his cancer battle [UPDATE]Britt Ekland: Peter Sellers 'had everything' before 'he destroyed it' [LATEST]Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain [NEWS] Lorraine admitted: “I still haven't been able to go near a horse… ever since I've not really had any experience with horses.” Fourteen-time Paralympic Gold medalist Sir Lee Pearson helped Lorraine overcome her fears last month. He said: "That unfortunate, terrible accident is enough to put anyone off horses. “It was very traumatic, it was totally understandable…" He continued: “I do understand that fear. I probably have a degree of fear every day I ride, because they are three-quarters of a ton of horse, and I still think everyday that it's amazing that they allow me to sit on their backs.” Lorraine replied: “I obviously trust you implicitly, but I have to get over that [fear]. You can't have that fear, you have to confront it sometimes and get over it…”