The donated womb will come either from a dead donor or from someone that had their womb removed when transitioning to become a man. A successful surgery would mean that the person could get pregnant through IVF. But the operation on a trans woman has never been performed successfully. It has been attempted, with a woman dying from complications months after the operation. But Dr Narendra Kaushik, based in New Delhi, is not phased and said he is "very, very optimistic" that he can make it work. He will be performing the operation from his busy Olmec Clinic. Dr Kaushik told The Mirror: "Every transgender woman wants to be as female as possible and that includes being a mother. "The way towards this with a uterine transplant, the same as a kidney or any other transplant. "This is the future. We cannot predict exactly when this will happen but it will happen very soon. We have our plans and we are very very optimistic about this. "And that includes being a mother. The way towards this is with a uterine transplant, the same as a kidney or any other transplant. "This is the future. We cannot predict exactly when this will happen but it will happen very soon. "We have our plans and we are very very optimistic about this." Womb transplants are a costly procedure, with patients having to fork out about £50,000 if they want one. READ MORE: Royal Navy's new £30bn nuke subs can launch 12 separate missiles IVF costs over £5,000 per cycle of treatment. Dr Kaushik said: "Many of our patients tell us that their sexual partners don't even notice that they weren't born with female sex organs."That's our aim, to make it so that they live as normal a life as possible as a woman. We aim for an aesthetic ideal." This industry is reportedly flying in India, with the country recently overtakingThailand as the go-to spot for this area of surgery. Dr Kaushik said around a fifth of his customers fly in from around the world, with large swathes arriving from the UK. This is despite gender reassignment being free on the NHS. DON'T MISS Solar storm warning: Earth set for 'glancing blow' in HOURS [REPORT] Putin could drop tactical nuke on Ukraine TOMORROW [REVEAL] Chemical weapon horror: Briton's windpipe 'constricted' after exposure [INSIGHT] In 2019, Christopher Inglefield, founder of the London Transgender Clinic , said successful womb transplants for trans-females is certainly possible. He said: "This pioneering birth is extremely important for any trans female who would like to carry her own child. "Because once the medical community accept this as a treatment for cis-women with uterine infertility, such as congenital absence of a womb, then it would be illegal to deny a trans-female who has completed her transition." "There are clearly anatomical boundaries when it comes to trans women but these are problems that I believe can be surmounted and the transplant into a trans-female is essentially identical to that of a cis-female." In the UK, there are no regulations that would stop a trans woman who has received a uterus transplant from having IVF treatment, The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (HFEA) confirmed.