Dan Walker, 45, took to social media to respond to fans who were left disappointed after meeting him in Sheffield. The Strictly star posted on Instagram to apologise to disappointed fans he met at a Strictly Come Dancing: The Professionals show. In view of his 274,000 followers, Dan publicly apologised to his fans for not wearing his famous lobster costume. He joked that his Strictly dance partner Nadiya Bychkova had advised him against it. The 45-year-old said it wouldn’t have been “appropriate”. The apology came after Dan met with fans after a show and one of them posted the selfie they had taken together, while commenting: “So lovely to see you @mrdanwalker - thanks for chatting.”  READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady She added: “Still think you should have worn your lobster costume.” Dan responded: “Sorry about the lack of lobster… “@nadiyabychkova told me it wouldn’t be appropriate.” BBC Breakfast presenter Dan took part in Strictly Come Dancing 2021 and quickly became a fan favourite, even winning over Strictly judge Craig Revel Horwood.  Speaking to the Daily Mail in 2021, Craig said he “rather fell in love” with his co-star but admitted he “didn’t expect to”. Last Tuesday, Dan tweeted to confirm when the date of his last day presenting BBC Breakfast will be. He announced that his last day on BBC Breakfast, when he will be saying goodbye to the red sofa, will be in just over a week - May 17. Dan, who has been presenting BBC Breakfast for six years, described his news as “surreal”. DON'T MISS: Gary Lineker addresses James Corden Match of The Day replacement claim [LATEST]Johnny and Amber pictured on the night she claimed he broke her nose [NEWS] Piers Morgan's behind scenes behaviour exposed by Rob Rinder [UPDATE]   Last month, he confirmed that he will be starting his new role with Channel 5. Some fans said they will follow him to his new channel. Scarysarah1 said: “We will miss you Dan, will be tuning in to 5 news though.” Derwenfawr wrote: “You’ll be greatly missed." “Good luck for the future and thank you for so many memorable @BBCBreakfast stories.” BBC has yet to announce his replacement. Currently favourite, according to bookmakers, is BBC Morning Live presenter Gethin Jones. Gethin Jones is a Welsh TV presenter who has presented Blue Peter and a host of quiz shows. 