David Lammy was repeatedly asked about his party's plans for National Insurance should the Labour Party win over the Conservatives. But The frontbencher insisted the party would not be discussing plans for the general election but focus on the concerns of the electorate at the moment, focussing his answers on the cost of living. Mr Lammy told BBC Sunday Morning host Sophie Raworth: "There should be an emergency budget because we believe that was so serious for people. "At this time, there hasn't been one and that's why people are really feeling the pinch as they go into these local elections on Thursday." Ms Raworth said: "Absolutely, but it is a simple question. "A future Labour Government, if you're talking about the cost of living, the pressure on people's budgets, the National Insurance rise has come into force. "It is costing people a lot more, working people. Would you get rid of it? You don't want to answer, it's a simple question." JUST IN: 'F*****g cowards' Russian officer shoots OWN troops as army morale on brink of collapse The Shadow Foreign Secretary however laughed off the question: "We said we wouldn't do it. "Sophie, repeating the same question over and over again is not going to get a different answer. "I've been clear to you about our plans as of today, going into these local elections. "It is not for me to set up our plans for the next general election. What people care about is what would Labour do for them now." READ MORE: ‘We must be non-nuclear’ Sturgeon says Scotland should have no nukes DESPITE Putin threats But the people of Twitter did not seem completely won over by Mr Lammy's response. User @BarryStill2 questioned Mr Lammy's performance as he shared a graphic from the Labour Party openly suggesting it would indeed seek to scrap the rise. He wrote: "Oh dear poor @DavidLammy must being kept out of the loop, as I don't think he is up on @UKLabour comms this week. "Maybe @Keir_Starmer is not advising him as it is their policy apparently.. maybe @GuidoFawkes should update him." @alanlyons33 added: "I continued to be befuddled by the no-policy strategy. I understand the logic of keeping your powder dry. "But it results in you having to make a fool of yourself like this when questioned." User @JohnCotton commented: "Which likely means keeping this tax, plus adding more. "The country can't afford a Labour government." And @Dazmondo wrote: "He can’t commit to repealing it, he isn’t the leader of the Labour Party so this is a non story."