Coronation Street stalwart, Peter Barlow (played by Chris Gascoyne) had been starting to get his life back on track ever since he had an operation to save his life. However, in recent weeks on the ITV soap, things took a turn when Peter realised his doctor, Mr Thorne rushed through his surgery for a bet. Peter discovered what had happened when Aggie Bailey (Lorna Laidlaw) discussed Mr Thorne’s unethical behaviour at the hospital. However, things could end up getting worse for Peter, when he fails to forget what Mr Thorne did. In previous weeks, Peter ended up confronting the surgeon for rushing through his surgery. However, the confrontation ended up getting heated, and Mr Thorne couldn't resist winding Peter up. This led the former alcoholic to punch the doctor, and in doing so he was arrested on suspicion of assault. During Wednesday's double-bill, Carla (Alison King) tried to defuse the situation by paying a visit to Mr Thorne. READ MORE: GB News guest savages Prince Harry’s acting debut She pleaded with the surgeon to drop the charges, and unexpectedly he agreed, but on the condition she went out to dinner with him. Despite shutting down his advances, later on, Mr Thorne decided to ask Peter whether they could come to a compromise. He suggested that if Peter dropped the complaint about the surgery claims, he would drop the assault charges against him. Mr Thorne also reassured Peter that he would be "retiring with immediate effect". Reluctantly, Peter agreed and when he told Carla about it, she insisted they celebrate the news. The couple decided to go to the Bistro to enjoy a meal and an alcohol-free cocktail. Although, much to their horror, Mr Thorne was at the restaurant celebrating his retirement. However, things took an unexpected turn when Mr Thorne revealed to his pals that he might be leaving the NHS, but he was flying out to America to take on a new role. Peter launched another attack on the surgeon and told Carla he was going to kill him. "I know my announcement to leave must have come as a shock," the doctor began. "But I think you'll agree that an opportunity like this comes around once in a lifetime." DON'T MISS...Eurovision 2022 'fix' row as Netherlands 'rob' Latvia of final place [REACTION]Brenda Blethyn sets record straight on Vera stunt double  [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ imitation [VIDEO] As Peter got out of his seat to leave, he overheard Mr Thorne talking about his new job role. "Sorry, what new position?" Peter quizzed. "What are you talking about?" "I've been appointed professor of hepatology at the University Hospital in Philadelphia," Mr Thorne replied. Peter went on to ask: "You expect me to believe that you landed a job the very same morning began that in your notice?" The surgeon proceeded to explain he'd been offered the job a few months ago. "You know what it's fine," Peter said. "First thing tomorrow I'll just go back down to the hospital and put the complaint back in." The surgeon brushed off Peter's comment and decided to taunt him further by asking Carla out for dinner again. Carla was forced to step in as Peter went to attack Mr Thorne and as she pulled him away, he said: "You know, this time I really do want to kill him." "He's leaving the country, that's enough, isn't it?" Carla asked as Peter replied: "No, that is nowhere near enough." "If people like him think they can get away with murder, well they're not the only ones," Peter threatened. "It means I'm going to make him pay properly." Peter was clearly angry about Mr Thorne's admission and he made it clear to Carla that he would do anything to seek revenge. Could Peter end up killing the surgeon in a bid to seek revenge, or will he get someone else to do it for him? Either way, secrets have a habit of coming out in Weatherfield, so Peter could end up getting arrested and leaving altogether. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV at 7.30pm.