Lawn care is one of the most important gardening jobs to stay on top of all year round, and it will quickly show if you fall behind. Brown or bare patches are just some of the common problems faced by gardeners in the warmer months, but is there a quick way to fix them? These are the best remedies to correct stunted or dry growth on your garden grass. Discoloured blades of grass can make your lawn look lacklustre and untidy, and there are several possible causes. Stunted growth can occur from simple wear and tear, but it could also be a sign of turf disease, soil compaction, or even insect damage. Luckily, there are plenty of ways to correct brown or bare patches, and they are guaranteed to have your lawn looking flawless by the time summer arrives. READ MORE: Toxic caterpillar terror: Insecticide sales rocket 1,000 percent A lush, green lawn is the goal for many gardeners, and the best way to achieve it is by getting to the root of any visible damage plaguing your garden grass. For this reason, one of the best ways to revive dull areas is to start with some simple aeration. Aerate your lawn to refresh the roots The process of aeration will increase airflow to the roots, encouraging oxygen for root health. When the roots of each blade are made stronger, there is no reason why your lawn won’t look better in the long run. What’s more, aerating will even make your grass more resistant to future patching by reducing soil compaction. Mow your lawn more regularly It may sound odd to mow a dead, patchy-looking lawn, but a good routine is crucial if you want to improve grass growth. Establishing a regular mowing schedule will stimulate fresh growth while keeping the healthy parts of your lawn healthy. Try to cut the grass at least once a week from late spring through to the end of summer when growth is rapid. You should reduce this to between two and three times a month in winter. DON'T MISS:How to identify Japanese knotweed: 3 signs to look for in summer [INSIGHT]How to clean rubber seals on windows - 3 ways to banish dirt and mould [REVEAL]Japanese knotweed: Top 10 UK hotspots mapped [ANALYSIS] Sow fresh grass seed If you haven’t yet laid fresh grass seed, it is important to get it done now, so it has time to germinate before summer. This is the most impactful way to correct empty-looking spots and will give your lawn a more seamless finish. Before sowing, cut and lift the affected square of turf to loosen the soil. Replace this section with a mixture of topsoil and compost, then scatter the seeds generously over the bare soil. Once you have done this, cover the seed with a little more topsoil and compost so that you're not just providing birds with a lovely snack, and water carefully. If birds are problematic in your garden, peg a section of polythene over the seeded patch to protect the area while the seed germinates. Will brown or bare patches grow green again? As long as the grass isn’t diseased, you should be able to stimulate fresh green blades in place of the damaged growth. This will take a few weeks to happen, and only if the temperature is right. In hot spells, keep the lawn watered and well-fed to prevent it from drying out. Bare or brown patches caused by animal urine can be easily fixed by encouraging your pets to go elsewhere in the garden, or by diluting the strong liquid with water.