Mary Killen got very emotional during Friday's episode of Gogglebox while watching The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Celebration on ITV. She started welling up when she was explaining how much she appreciated the 96-year-old British monarch. Her husband Giles warned her to get out her handkerchief before the programme aired as he thought she might sob.  There was lots of talk about the Queen's historic 70-year-reign on the Channel 4 show. The Gogglebox cast tuned in to watch The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Celebration on ITV, but Mary found the programme very emotional. Mary, who is affectionately nicknamed Nutty by her husband, is occasionally filmed bursting into tears when she is triggered by moving programmes. Giles warned Mary ahead of the jubilee programme starting: "Get your hanky ready." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Jacob Hay involved in Underworld takeover  Mary got tearful when the Queen appeared to greet the crowds and luckily, she had her handkerchief to hand. She said: "The thing about [the Queen] is, in all the years she has been our Queen she hasn't done anything wrong at all." Mary started blubbing and Giles said: "Mary, steady Nutty." "She's just served us," Mary added while wiping her eyes.  Later on, Giles commented on the "lovely" outfit the monarch was wearing and Mary agreed with him. "She can't enjoy the Royal Variety Performance, but she can enjoy this," Mary added. Mary started sobbing again during another part of the jubilee show, and tearfully said: "Doesn't it make you proud to be British?" Viewers took to Twitter to comment on Mary's reaction to seeing the Queen, with Aar Jae Wills remarking: "Why does just seeing the Queen make you cry I don’t get it? I really don’t get why Mary is brought to tears #Gogglebox" DON'T MISS...Gogglebox's Lee Riley reacts after being confronted by Bucks Fizz star [LATEST]Gogglebox fans furious as episode from ‘cancelled’ series shown [REACTION]Gogglebox's Ellie Warner's boyfriend makes surprise cameo after crash [UPDATE]  @Idontknowher added: "I'm obsessed with Mary crying over the Queen #Gogglebox" Rachel said: "Mary! #Gogglebox, stop it with the tears about the jubilee." (sic) Alexander Velky joked: "Mary crying when she sees/ talks about /thinks about the Queen = drink #gogglebox" (sic) Stephen Fisher asked: "Why does that Mary always cry when she sees the Queen?"   Chris commented: "I knew Mary was going to get emotional talking about The Queen. #Gogglebox" Mary was not the only cast member to break down in tears during the episode. Many other families got emotional while watching The Repair Shop when a guest wanted a Jewish prayer book signed by Holocaust survivors mended. Sophie Sandiford said the episode of the BBC restoration show "broke her heart" and Shirley Griffiths commented on how it was the "saddest" episode she'd ever seen. Gogglebox continues next Friday at 9pm on Channel 4. 