The Apprentice star Karren Brady, 52, is currently offering mentoring sessions to help fellow entrepreneurs in business in aid of International Women's Day. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Karren revealed what she believes is the "main issue" that causes Meghan Markle to receive such heavy criticism. Karren has served as Lord Alan Sugar's assistant on The Apprentice since the show’s sixth series in 2009, having replaced Margaret Mountford. She is also famous for her role as vice-chairman of West Ham United, alongside David Gold and David Sullivan, while she is also a regular writer for the Woman & Home magazine and The Sun. Meanwhile, the Duchess of Sussex is heavily involved in charity work focused primarily on women's issues and social justice. She retired from acting when she married Prince Harry in 2018 and became known as the Duchess of Sussex. READ MORE: Amber Heard's low-cut charity event dress she says sparked fury shown In 2020, the pair stepped back as senior members of the royal family and later settled in Meghan's native California. Since their departure from the Royal Family, the couple have received heavy criticism due to their "contradictory" claims against the firm. Express.co.uk asked Karren what she believes to be the main reason as to why Meghan receives so much heavy criticism. Karren said: "I think it’s probably because there’s a lot of contradictory things in what she says and what she does. "I think lots of people don’t like to say one thing and do something else. I think that’s probably the main issue." In recent news, the Duchess of Sussex suffered a career blow as her proposed Netflix children's series was cancelled, months after Meghan had expressed her excitement over her latest venture. The project, which some fans claimed she named after herself, was given the working title, Pearl. Just last month, the platform is said to have revealed a loss in subscribers which negatively affected its market value. DON'T MISS... Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo [PICS] Jane Fonda, 84, reflects on 'final act' in career in new interview [HOLLYWOOD] TV star Adrian Chiles has started 'getting feelings' for his spoons [COMMENT] Now, according to the BBC, Netflix has reportedly cancelled the development of Pearl as part of a cost-saving measure. The animated series was set to follow a 12-year-old girl called Pearl as she’s inspired by exceptional and influential women in her own special journey to discover who she truly is. However, this was only one of several projects Netflix is understood to have been working on with the Sussexes. It's further claimed that Netflix will continue with a number of them, including Heart of Invictus, a documentary series that will cast a light on a group of remarkable competitors from around the world as they prepared for the recent Invictus Games. Karren is currently working with Simply Business during their Empowering Women in Business Initiative, offering mentoring sessions to help females fight gender and bias in the workplace. About her partnership, she said: "I’m working with Simply Business and they are a real champion and voice for small business owners, freelancers and self employed. "They conducted research to coincide with International Women's Day which is really a day to celebrate achievements of women in the past to create awareness for women in the future. "A staggering 91% of female entrepreneurs say gender bias and equality is prevalent in business. "So working together for mentoring and doing webinars to bring women together to talk about issues helps flush them out and work out ways in which we can erase some of the issues women in business are facing." Baroness Karren Brady CBE is an ambassador for Simply Business' Empowering Women In Business initiative, offering one female entrepreneur an exclusive one-on-one mentoring session to improve their skills and confidence in business. Click here for more information.