Formula 1 CEO Stefano Domenicali had his glasses broken by former driver Daniil Kvyat after the pair were involved in a charity football match. Domencali featured in the exhibition match in Monaco ahead of this week’s Grand Prix, and was in goal for one of the two teams. The Italian was not the only F1 star to feature in the match, as ex-Red Bull driver Kvyat featured on the opposition team to the racing boss. 13 minutes into the game Kvyat had the chance to get his name on the scoresheet as he raced through on goal following a through ball. The one man in his way though was Domenicali, as the CEO flew off his line to take out the former Red Bull man in a crunching one-on-one challenge. Despite preventing a goal it wasn’t all good news for the Italian, who lay flat out on the floor following the challenge. Domenicali eventually got back to his feet, but was without his all-important glasses. Brushing himself down, he enjoyed a light-hearted laugh with Kvyat, before being handed his glasses back by another one of his opponents. JUST IN: F1 bosses and Monaco in talks as iconic Grand Prix at real risk of being axed  The hilarious collision was uploaded to social media, and a number of Formula 1 fans unsurprisingly saw the funny side, comparing the tackle to a crash on the race track. One Twitter user - @@f1patrick_33 - joked: “Race control: incident between Domenicali and Kvyat under investigation.” Whilst @james_m2603 added: “10 second penalty for Domenicalli for causing a collision.” Domenicali is in Monaco for this week’s Grand Prix, with the famed street race one of the most recognisable on the F1 schedule. There are fears though that the historic meet could be no more in the future, with the Italian previously warning that the historic fixtures could well lose their race weekends. DON'T MISSJuan Pablo Montoya noticed 'weird' radio message from Lewis HamiltonHorner fears F1 teams will miss races cutting field for VerstappenF1 bosses 'looking to pull away from FIA' amid ongoing Hamilton row  According to the I, F1 owners Liberty Media are 'keen to extend the deal' with Monaco, but F1 bosses are keen on revamping the circuit and infrastructure around the famous race. One man who is hoping the Monaco GP does remain on the calendar is seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton. Earlier this month he said: “It’s one of the crown jewels of our sport. “So I’m not really sure it would be great to lose it. There are good bits… I guess that the difficult part is that the racing itself is not that spectacular. Everyone that goes enjoys it. It is a prime location. Adjusting the track is not easy because it’s the second smallest country in the world so we don’t have a lot of space there. Many of us live in Monaco. But it is just that iconic status it has, the history that it has, that is so appealing to drivers but also to those that are watching.” 