Amanda Owen, who is the star of Our Yorkshire Farm, often shares updates of life on Ravenseat Farm but it was her latest post that caught the attention of her followers. The mum-of-nine took the opportunity to share a candid snap of her rarely-seen daughter Raven. The Yorkshire Shepherdess and star of the hit TV show met her husband Clive Owen on the farm in 1996. The pair have worked and lived there ever since, raising their nine-strong brood - Raven, 20, Reuben, 17, Miles, 15, Edith, 12, Violet, ten, Sidney, nine, Annas, seven, Clemmie, five and Nancy, four - on the farm. Raven now spends the majority of her time away from home, studying at York University but when she returns, she's needed to help shift the work on the farm. Amanda's fans all said the same thing about her eldest child after they were left somewhat puzzled after the shepherdess posted a series of snaps of her lookalike daughter. READ MORE: Piers Morgan talks reconciling with Meghan - 'Ripped Prince away' In the first snap, Raven could be seen cuddling an adorable foal while wearing a blue mini dress with a pretty print. Another shot saw her glancing behind as the animal's mother appeared in the rear of the shot. In view of her 511,000 followers, Amanda captioned the post: "Raven meets Maple." She added the hashtags: "#yorkshire #shepherdess #foal #horse #mare #clydesdale #heavyhorse #draughthorse."  Fans flocked to the comment section, as people admitted they thought it was Amanda at first glance. Liz Illingsworth remarked: "Beautiful photos. I actually thought Raven was you!!! Wow like mother like daughter there." Nicki Vaughan agreed: "I had to look twice too lol. Such natural photos."(sic) Tracy Hewitt gushed: "Omg... I thought the first photo was you. Then realised it was Raven." DON'T MISS... Coleen Rooney is 'different mother and wife' after her famous tweet[LATEST]Madonna puts on busty display in corset weeks after split from ex[PICTURES]Kay Mellor dead: Writer of Fat Friends and The Syndicate dies aged 71[TRIBUTES] "Beautiful photo. Raven is a beaut just like her Mum, I had to look twice," shared Sally Pope. Kate Danni commented: "I thought that was you." Leslie Harris added: "Raven takes after her mum. Beautiful." The nation has become obsessed with the Owen family as Amanda, her husband Clive and their nine children share the ins and outs of life on their Yorkshire Farm. The hugely popular Channel 5 series has been off our screens since 2021 when series five came to an end last November. During the final episode of the hit show's latest series - series five - we saw the Owen family continue running things as usual on the Ravenseat farm while the children enjoyed the late summer heatwave. An official return date of Our Yorkshire Farm has not been announced by the channel as of yet. All episodes of Our Yorkshire Farm are available to watch on My5.