Becker - described by Annabel Croft as "a huge personality with a great sense of humour and a twinkle in his eye" - was sentenced to two and-a-half years at Southwark Crown Court on Friday. The three-times Wimbledon singles champion was declared bankrupt in 2017, but then found to have hidden £2.5million worth of assets and loans to avoid paying his debts. But his daughter, Anna Ermakova, has said she will stand by her dad. "I will support him and I will visit him whenever I can," said the 22-year-old London-based model. "I hope that will help him a little to get through the time." Fellow tennis pro and commentator Annabel said Becker would have been under immense pressure since the day he won his first Wimbledon title as an unseeded 17-year-old in 1985. But she said if anyone could cope with the adversity, Becker could. "My initial feeling for him is 'how sad'," she said. "We all remember the picture of 17-year-old Boris with his classic dive, rolling around Centre Court. He captured everyone's hearts and imagination." "He was incredibly tough mentally. He actually embraced pressure and headed into the fire." Annabel, 55, added: "If any sports personality is equipped for coping with adversity he is. "I have been thinking about him going into a jail and the cell door closing behind him on Friday night. "It will be the most pressure he has ever faced. I want to tell him to write down all his thoughts. "I hope he does this and gets back on the straight and narrow." Fellow Wimbledon champion Pat Cash said Becker is "a very nice guy" and "the best I've ever played" - but is "not a businessman". Australian Pat, 56, who took the men's singles title in 1987, said: "He had good people around him in the early part of his career and towards his retirement. "But when he retired no one told him 'no, you don't do that'. Who was advising him? He's a very nice guy. "He's very smart and has good general knowledge but he's a tennis player, he's not a businessman. He got some bad advice."