The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee will be celebrated over a four-day weekend next month, as the country marks the monarch’s 70-year reign. The royal extravaganza will see street parties, a Platinum Jubilee Pageant and a live concert at Buckingham Palace. A host of famous faces will come together to recognise the impact of the Queen over her historic reign. The vibrant and colourful finale, which will take place on Sunday June 5, will bring to life iconic moments from Her Majesty’s reign, as well as showcasing our changing society over the past seven decades. Ed Sheeran will lead the musical tribute at the Queen's star-studded Jubilee pageant, and the event will also feature several celebrities deemed “national treasures”, such as Sir Cliff Richard, Alan Titchmarsh and Gary Lineker. Despite holding celeb-status themselves, even some of the nation’s celebrity treasures become star struck upon meeting Her Majesty the Queen. Dawn French, writer and star of French and Saunders, has previously opened up on the novelty of meeting Queen Elizabeth. Appearing on the Graham Norton Show in 2008, she said: “As she comes to where you are — the group where you are — for a start you have to tussle with that whole idea of: ‘Will you curtsy, won’t you curtsy?’ “And then immediately you do! Immediately, you curtsy far too much and too low.” She went on to say that when the Queen asked the group if they were “enjoying the evening”, their responses were accompanied with over-exaggerated laughter. She revealed: “Everyone does that! I think people are just nervous, eager to please or they don’t want to be beheaded or something. “So the Queen, I’m sure, must think that she’s a great comedian or something because that’s all she sees is people falling and laughing at everything she says. “I was doing it! Why was I doing it?” It turns out that this is not the only royal blunder the comedian has made, as speaking on the Graham Norton Show in March, French revealed the cheeky comment she made to Prince Charles when she met the royal at a film premiere. She explained: "I was in the line-up to meet Prince Charles at the premiere of Narnia in which I played Mrs Beaver and when he asked me what I did in the film, I said: 'Tonight Your Royal Highness you will see my beaver.' “I sort of smiled at him, he sort of twinkled at me and then moved on very quickly!" Years earlier, French and her co-star, Jennifer Saunders, had turned down an OBE from the Queen after saying it “didn't feel right”. Saunders told The Guardian in 2011: “We felt that we were being paid very well to have a lot of fun. “It didn't seem right somehow. We didn't deserve a pat on the back. “'It felt a bit fake to stand alongside people who devoted their lives to truly worthy causes.” Saunders later said that after her own father Robert received a CBE for his work as a Royal Air Force pilot, she felt accepting the monarch’s offer “made a mockery” of being given such a prestigious honour. French and Saunders are not the only celebrities to refuse or return honours from the royals, the list includes musicians John Lennon and David Bowie; the actors Jim Broadbent and Michael Sheen and the celebrity chef Nigella Lawson.