Manchester City are reportedly interested in signing Paul Pogba on a free transfer this summer, and Graeme Souness has offered up a typically dismissive response. Souness has gained a reputation in recent years for his attitude towards Manchester United's record signing. Pogba is nearing the end of his time at Old Trafford, with his contract expiring at the end of the season. The Frenchman is expected to have no shortage of offers once he becomes a free agent. A number of the biggest clubs in the world have been credited with interest in the central midfielder, including Juventus, Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid. But now, it seems Pogba may stay in the Premier League and join United's arch rivals. Reports suggest City are interested in making a move for the World Cup winner, and that Pogba is open to the idea of making the move. But Souness believes that City should look elsewhere instead of moving for Pogba, as he wrote in his column for The Times. "You can imagine my reaction when I read yesterday that Pogba was being linked with a summer move to Manchester City. Astounded covers it," he wrote. "I won’t say it defies football logic because that commodity is in rare supply these days but such a signing would run counter to the way Pep Guardiola likes to run a football team. "For a start he wants his players ready to put in the hard yards - and the hard yards in the big games when City are up against it. He wants them to have the discipline and selflessness to appreciate their role in the City gameplan and execute accordingly." City are likely to prioritise signing a central midfielder in the upcoming transfer window, with Frenkie de Jong a reported target. Pep Guardiola is expected to look for a long-term replacement for Fernandinho, and Souness doubts that Pogba will be the right fit. "Pogba probably has as much talent if not more than Bernardo Silva or Kevin de Bruyne but which two of this trio would you rely on most to carry out the manager’s instructions for the full 90?" He asked. "In which of Manchester United’s big games this season has Pogba shown up? "Take the two League fixtures against Liverpool —and they don’t get much bigger than that if you are a United player. At Old Trafford, he was sent off 15 minutes after coming off the bench. "At Anfield, he was off injured after 10 minutes and has not kicked a ball in anger since." Pogba is currently out of action through injury and isn't expected to play for United again before leaving at the end of the season.