The additional cases were all detected in England, which marks the nation’s biggest case count since May. Wales and Northern Ireland yesterday declared their first cases, with Scotland confirming three to date. Epidemiologists have warned the spread may slow, but could prevail in "some places". Symptoms most likely to emerge first include fever, intense headache, back pain, muscle aches and an acute lack of energy, according to experts. Abbas Kanani, a superintendent pharmacist at Chemist Clinic, said the most distinctive feature of the disease is lymphadenopathy. He commented: “Lymphadenopathy, swelling of the lymph nodes, is a distinctive feature of monkeypox compared to other diseases that may initially appear similar such as chickenpox, measles, smallpox. “This occurs when your immune system is fighting an infection or illness and the small lumps tend to be soft, tender and often painful.” Another commonly reported sign is a rash that typically starts on the face or the soles of the hands and feet. READ MORE: Monkeypox latest: Serious symptoms to spot as UK records more than 100 cases  According to the NHS, the breakout typically occurs within one to five days of contracting the virus. “It starts as raised spots, which turn into small blisters filled with fluid,” adds the health body. After a week or two, the rash will eventually scab over and fall off. Once that happens, a person is no longer contagious. Several European countries are reportedly piling up on the smallpox vaccine in a bid to contain the spread of monkeypox. DON'T MISS: Fatty liver: The sweetener known to cause scarring of the liver [INFORMER] Dementia: If you ‘crave’ three foods you may have dementia [INSIGHT] High blood pressure: The smell 'frequently' reported among patients [INSIGHT] Monkeypox is caused by a virus that is relative to smallpox, which is treated with a vaccine called Jynneos. People who were inoculated against smallpox as infants should therefore have some protection against monkeypox. Routine vaccination against smallpox ended in the UK in 1971, and in 1972 in the US. Fortunately, monkeypox is mild and most people recover within a few weeks without treatment. If symptoms persist, however, the antiviral drug tecovirimat is also approved for monkeypox in Europe. Fortunately, monkeypox is mild and most people recover within a few weeks without treatment. Doctor David Philips, a sexual health consultant in south London, said clinics are “open for business”. He added that some appointments are being held by phone to reduce the risk of transmission. Monkeypox spreads through close contact with scabs on the skin, or through inhalation of large droplets through coughs and sneezes. According to the UKHSA, however, the majority of people infected so far have been gay, bisexual, or men who have sex with men. The health body has asked these groups, in particular, to be aware of symptoms. The World Organisation said the outbreak is “containable”, and is issuing advice to countries on how to reduce further spread.