Recent Russian nuclear posturing and an incendiary graphic shown on Russian TV of the British Isles being destroyed by nuclear explosions, have reminded us all of the risks posed by these weapons of mass destruction. Although nuclear weapons did not disappear with the end of the Cold War, the risks posed by the “ultimate weapon” were largely forgotten about as attention shifted to the potentially existential threats posed by terrorism, climate change, and most recently of course, infectious disease. But the war in Ukraine, the first major conflict in Europe since the 1990s, has put nuclear risks firmly back in the spotlight. There is no question that we should be worried about the conspicuous return of nuclear weapons to global politics, and as a major threat to UK security. And we should take the recent spate of nuclear threats and rhetoric from Russia seriously – even in the darkest days of the Cold War it is difficult to remember NATO or Warsaw Pact leaders speaking so openly about using nuclear weapons against each other. While total global nuclear stockpiles have reduced markedly since the 70,000 or so that existed in the 1980s, almost all of the 13,000 nuclear weapons in the world today are more powerful than the two bombs that killed approximately 200,000 Japanese citizens in Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945, and nearly half of them are in the possession of Russia. However, three things are worth keeping in mind as we wrestle with this worrying challenge: First, let’s not forget that the UK has its own nuclear weapons – Trident missiles armed with multiple independently targetable nuclear warheads, housed in stealthy nuclear-powered submarines. Britain also is a member of the NATO nuclear alliance, which includes the nuclear-armed United States. UK and NATO nuclear weapons are – at least in theory - threatened as a response to any Russian attack against the UK. Yes the UK has a much smaller stockpile of nuclear weapons than Russia, but even without the US and NATO, the UK could credibly threaten “unacceptable death and destruction” in response to a nuclear attack. Second, in terms of military capability, the massive “Sarmat” Intercontinental Ballistic Missile that was tested a few weeks ago, and the development of other exotic weapons such as the “Status-6” underwater torpedo, “Avangard” hypersonic warhead and the “Burevestnik” nuclear-powered cruise missile, have little tangible impact on UK security or the balance of power between UK/NATO and Russia. The reality is that both the UK and Russia have been able to cause massive nuclear damage to each other since the 1950s had they chosen to do so. Third, while the UK doesn’t have the ability to shoot-down incoming Russian nuclear-armed missiles, the same is also true for Russian defence against UK or US/NATO nuclear-armed ballistic missiles aimed at Russian cities. Russia deploys a rudimentary missile defence system around Moscow, but this would not be able to intercept all incoming nuclear-armed warheads, if any. All states are vulnerable to a nuclear attack – this is the basis of “mutual assured destruction” and nuclear deterrence, and some would suggest this is the reason why nuclear weapons haven’t been used since 1945.   This is not to say that we should be complacent. If, as seems likely, Russia continues to be bogged down in Ukraine and casualties mount, an increasingly desperate President Putin may seek to escalate the conflict or demonstrate resolve, possibly even carrying out a nuclear detonation as a warning, or in a worse-case scenario, using a “tactical” nuclear device against Ukraine or a NATO state. There is also the ever-present possibility of an incident or accident that draws NATO and Russia closer to direct confrontation – something NATO states have been very conscious to avoid so far. For all the worrying hype and bluster coming from the Kremlin and associated media outlets, a Russian nuclear attack against the UK – or any other NATO member – would essentially be suicidal. While this is certainly not a guarantee of nuclear non-use, the hope is that the terrible reality of what would ensue if a leader were to take the decision for the first time in over 75 years to use the most destructive weapons ever built, must make all of those responsible for the management of nuclear weapons, in any country, as careful and as risk-averse as possible. 