Chelsea's potential new owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe has promised to put the club on a pedestal with Real Madrid and Bayern Munich if he completes a takeover - and has also vowed to carry out other improvements at the club such as a stadium expansion.  The club has been on the market since mid-March, following the government sanctions taken against current owner Roman Abramovich. That opened the door for consortiums to bid for the club, with Ratcliffe and Todd Boehly competing against one another, and even Lewis Hamilton getting involved with a reported £10million planned investment into the club. But new talks have been held between Ratcliffe and fan groups of the Blues, with the 69-year-old keen to impress those most involved with the club. And in a bid to wow the fans, he has reportedly told them what he wishes to do with his money to improve the side in the long-run. The BBC states that Ratcliffe has told supporters' groups that he wishes to increase the capacity of Stamford Bridge from 41,000 to 60,000 upon his arrival. Furthermore, he would like the club to achieve the same goals as Bayern Munich and Real Madrid - arguably the two most successful European clubs outside of England in recent years. Talks went well with those attending, with Ratcliffe reiterating that he would treat the project long-term. And the Chelsea Supporters' Trust further confirmed they have held discussions with Ratcliffe and his team, although no further meeting is scheduled. “While the Chelsea Supporters' Club has had initial talks with Sir Jim Ratcliffe and his team, no further meeting is yet in the diary,” they said. The move could spell the beginning of the end of a 19-year spell for Abramovich. The Russian was found by a government report to have close ties to Vladimir Putin, and with the Russia-Ukraine conflict raging on, steps were made to ensure that the oligarch was frozen out of the club. However, his two Champions League titles, five Premier League titles and eight domestic cups will be remembered fondly by fans of the west Londoners. The Blues currently sit third in the Premier League, and have not won the coveted top-flight title for five seasons now. Ratcliffe could look to change that if he invests wisely into the project in the capital city. But with Manchester City and Liverpool excelling on all fronts this season, he knows that could be a hard feat to achieve immediately.