Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel would have been sacked in any normal season under the ownership of Roman Abramovich, claims Gabriel Agbonlahor. The former Aston Villa captain says Tuchel is lucky to still be in his job, with the Blues just a point above Arsenal in the Premier League table. Chelsea are third with three games of the season remaining. But Saturday's 2-2 draw at home to Wolves, where Tuchel's side let slip a two-goal lead, has created what now could be a nervy end to the season. Chelsea were tipped by many to be competing for the title this season. However, they have fallen away dramatically after a positive start to the campaign. Arsenal's win over Leeds on Sunday means they now have a realistic chance of finishing above Chelsea if they have a strong end to the season. Agbonlahor believes that shows how much Tuchel and his players have underperformed and reckons the German would have been sacked if the club's owner Abramovich was not forced to sell. READ MORE: Darwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'  Agbonlahor told talkSPORT: “I think that Chelsea have underachieved this season. In any other season under Abramovich, Thomas Tuchel would have been sacked for this season’s performance. “When you look at the quality players that they’ve got and the squad of players that they’ve got; [Hakim] Ziyech, [Kai] Havertz, [Romelu] Lukaku, [Christian] Pulisic; they’ve got so many top, top players and Arsenal' win against Leeds, they’re just one point above Arsenal. “Look at the squads of both Arsenal and Chelsea. Tuchel has been disappointing this season and he’s lucky to still be in the job, for me.” Chelsea could even drop out of the top four if their form does not pick up in the final three games of the season. Relegation-threatened Leeds are next up on Wednesday and Tuchel has told his players to bounce back. DON'T MISSTen Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away [TRANSFERS]Arsenal legends' view on Mikel Arteta after Spaniard warned them not to 'spread poison' [QUOTES]Man Utd and Ten Hag set for huge boost as Xavi plans to 'clone' Guardiola tactic [REPORT]  "It’s nervier than it needed to be, of course," he said. "We have made things more and more difficult for ourselves, and it’s quite a lot to overcome to be ready for Leeds. "It’s not the first time we have conceded such a late goal, especially in home matches, but we have to deal with it. We have to digest it. We have to overcome it, even if that feels very difficult at the moment. "We gave everything [against Wolves], but the decisions we took, when to take risks, how to read a game, how to be disciplined, we are struggling in that, and I don’t know why. We are struggling to execute the match plan from the first to the last minute, and on top of it we are getting punished."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here