Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong is ‘upset’ and thinks the club have made him available for transfer, it has been claimed. Manchester United are pushing to land the Netherlands international this summer. And, with Erik ten Hag in charge, it’s possible the duo will come together again at Old Trafford. Manchester United want to sign a midfielder this summer to offset the imminent departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. And reports in the past 48 hours have suggested they’re eyeing De Jong, with Ten Hag previously managing the Netherlands international at Ajax. There have been conflicting claims about De Jong’s stance on a move to Old Trafford as the summer transfer window creeps closer. And now, to add to the saga, Spanish journalist Helena Condos Edo has stated on Twitter that De Jong is ‘upset’ with Barcelona and suspects they’ve made him available for sale. On Twitter, she said: “De Jong does NOT want to leave. “He has just released a house with complete reform in BCN. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “He insists on wanting to succeed at Barca and feels Xavi's confidence. “He suspects that the club has moved him on the market and is upset with everything that appears about his future.” Barcelona need to make a big sale by June to balance their finances. And De Jong, along with goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen, are two players they can sell for huge sums in order to raise funds. De Jong has been at Barcelona since arriving from Ajax in 2019, having turned down Paris Saint-Germain in favour of moving to the Nou Camp. Yet managers Ernesto Valverde, Quique Setien, Ronald Koeman and Xavi have all failed to get the best from the 25-year-old. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag With that being the case, United are now hoping to capitalise and bring the Netherlands international to Old Trafford this summer. With Ten Hag on board, it’s possible De Jong will be enticed by the prospect of playing under the 52-year-old again in the Premier League. Yet his priority, it seems, is to stay at Barcelona. If United are able to lure De Jong away from the Nou Camp this summer, he’ll become the ninth player to represent both sides. Mark Hughes, Laurent Blanc, Jordi Cruyff, Henrik Larsson and Gerard Pique experienced life at both teams when Sir Alex Ferguson was manager of the Red Devils. And Victor Valdes, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Alexis Sanchez are also part of that group. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United don’t have Champions League football to offer De Jong, having endured a horrendous season under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But history suggests they may still be able to strike a deal. In 2014, after missing out on the top four, the Red Devils were still able to bring in Galacticos such as Angel Di Maria and Radamel Falcao. Two years later, the Red Devils recruited heavyweights such as Pogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic. And, in 2019, United were still able to spend big on Harry Maguire, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Daniel James. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Regarding De Jong, Koeman recently expressed a belief Barcelona would keep hold of their midfielder. "I don't think Barca want to sell Frenkie," he said. "I think Xavi has said that he is the future. "Frenkie is a great player, a great midfielder. He goes through some games where he has not been at his level but there is no doubt about Frenkie. "I have no doubts, for me he is a permanent fixture in the national team and I hope he comes back [to form] as he has played many games.”