Former Brexit Party MEP Ben Habib told GB News that it would be a catastrophe for Britain if Sinn Fein won in Northern Ireland. He claimed that we would “lose the United Kingdom” and “that matters a lot” to the people that have grown up under the Union Jack.    Mr Habib said: “If Sinn Fein win, it’s a catastrophe, I think, for unionism and we will be facing a call for a border poll. “And it is high time that Westminster and the Government, in particular, got behind the union of the United Kingdom. “Let’s not forget that it only exists because of Great Britain and Northern Ireland being in union. “If we lose Northern Ireland, we lose the United Kingdom, we become Great Britain, and we lose the saltire of St Patrick in the Union Jack. “For those of us who were brought up under the Union Jack, that matters a lot. So, it’s high time this Government took notice of what’s going on in Northern Ireland.”    He went on to add the UK Government should “never have allowed” the possibility of a border poll to be discussed in Northern Ireland. He added: “The control of that was in our Government. It had to get behind unionism before these elections. “They’ve sat on their hands. Lord Frost sat on his hands. Having concluded that article 16 [of the Northern Ireland protocol] needed to be invoked he actually did absolutely nothing about it. “Liz Truss has done exactly the same thing. And Brandon Lewis, the night before the election, scotched any hope that legislation would come forward in the new Parliament, neutering aspects of the protocol.” READ MORE: How the Stormont elections could undermine Boris's Brexit plan [INSIGHT]  There are 90 seats up for grabs in the Northern Ireland elections, with Sinn Fein predicted to become the largest party. Results will continue to drip through into Saturday, but early signs that the polls were correct have emerged. Of the 28 seats declared at the time of writing, Sinn Fein have won 16 of them, with the Democratic Unionist Party taking only three. Sinn Fein have gained more than a quarter of a million first preference votes while the DUP have won only 184,000. DON'T MISS: Northern Ireland Election: Brexit at risk as Sinn Fein set to win [REVEAL]Sinn Féin extend their polling dominance ahead of Stormont vote [REPORT]If Sinn Fein win on Thursday, division will return - COMMENT [OPINION]   DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said on Friday he would refuse to join a power-sharing government led by a Sinn Fein First Minister. He said: “Until we get that progress, I made clear I will not be nominating ministers to the executive." So long as the British government and European Union have not secured a breakthrough in post-Brexit trade talks regarding the Northern Ireland protocol, Sir Jeffrey said he will remain firm. Turnout so far in the NI local elections is at 63 percent, down by a touch over a percent on the 2017 elections.   