The royal made a rare appearance with her daughter Princess Gabriella for Monaco Fashion Week. She told Monaco Matin that she has remained “fragile” since her return to Monaco in March.  Charlene also told the publication that she was still struggling with a long road to recovery ahead. However she shut down any speculation of a rift between her and her husband, Monegasque monarch Prince Albert. She said: “When I returned to the Principality, I focused all my energy on my children, my husband and my health because they are my priority. “My state of health is still fragile and I don't want to go too fast.  “The road has been long, difficult and so painful. Today I feel calmer. “I still find it regrettable that certain media peddle such rumours about my life, my relationship. “Like everyone else, we are human beings and like all human beings we have emotions, weaknesses, only our family is exposed to the media and the slightest weakness is relayed.” Charlene also told the newspaper that Albert has been “very supportive” and does everything he can to protect her and their two children from rumours. READ MORE: Meghan blasted for 'degrading' public' gesture  The princess became ill while on a 10-day visit to her home country of South Africa in May 2021. Complications from an ear, nose and throat (ENT) procedure delayed her expected return for six months. Charlene eventually flew back to Monaco in November 2021. Following this she voluntarily checked into a professional clinic in Switzerland where she remained for four months, before she permanently returned to Monaco in March 2022. DON'T MISS:  Kate, William, Sophie and Edward step in for Queen in appearance TODAY [REVEAL] Plan to 'sing Sweet Caroline at street parties' faces fan backlash [INSIGHT] Prince Albert takes twins on 'fabulous' trip to Disneyland Paris [SPOTLIGHT]    Since her return the royal couple have been plagued by divorce rumours. This echoed rumours about their wedding a decade earlier that Charlene had attempted to flee rather than go through with her marriage to Albert. Prince Albert also attempted to shut down the rumours by issuing a denial about the reason for his wife's absence in South Africa. Charlene's visit to the Fashion Week was only her third royal engagement since she returned to royal duties last month. She is expected to attend Monaco's Grand Prix this weekend to celebrate the princesses return to royal life. 