Sadio Mane leaving Liverpool could knock the club sideways, according to former Reds striker Dean Saunders. Mane is heavily linked with a move away from Anfield but Saunders believes the club's owners Fenway Sports Group must do all they can to keep him. The Senegal forward has been non-committal on his future when speaking to the media in the last week. He insisted he will announce his plans after Saturday's Champions League final but is yet to do so. Bayern Munich are huge favourites to sign the 30-year-old, whose Liverpool contract expires at the end of next season. Mane ended the campaign as the club's second-leading scorer in all competitions with 23 goals to his name. Saunders says Mane is among the best three players in the world on current form. And he is worried of the effect his exit will have on his old club. READ MORE: Man Utd look set to sign another Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and Nani  Saunders told talkSPORT: "I think he's irreplaceable. I would argue the fact that he's probably in the top three players in the world right now. "In the world. [Mohamed] Salah, Mane, [Kevin] De Bruyne. As a striker, the way he plays, I watched him at the Champions League final. "He finds little pockets, he drifts from the wing, he drifts inside. His legs are like concrete, strong, he's quick as lightning, he scores goals. DON'T MISSArsenal have four players Bayern Munich may accept in audacious Serge Gnabry swap deal [COMMENT]Ole Gunnar Solskjaer regrets Man Utd signing Cristiano Ronaldo [REPORT]Raphinha may favour Man Utd move over Barcelona due to admiration of 'older brother' idol [GOSSIP]  "Diaz is a good replacement but they've just got to give him what he wants. I'm sorry to say, I know it sounds bad, but just give him what he wants. "Liverpool are doing really well at the moment and losing someone like him could knock them sideways." Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has also been coy on Mane's future. Ahead of Saturday's final in Paris, Klopp said he had no concerns regarding rumours of a move away for his player. He said: “This is the wrong time to talk about that. Wherever Sadio will play next season he will be a big player, definitely.  “Sadio is in the shape of his life, for sure. (He is in) Brilliant shape, it is a joy to watch him. “We ask of him a lot this season, football asks of him a lot — lot of finals. I couldn’t care less in the moment. We’re all fully focused on the game, Sadio is fully focused on the game. “No concerns, it’s completely normal. It’s not the first time in my career that before a game rumours about Bayern Munich come up, but no problem at all.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here