EastEnders star Frankie Lewis (played by Rose Ayling-Ellis) has been feeling unnerved in recent weeks after old University friend Clara (Emily Eaton Plowright) showed up out of the blue. The pair began to reminisce and catch up on their life away from University, but Frankie realised that Clara was leading a life with a good career. Frankie ended up lying about her job and was soon told off by step-mum Linda Carter (Kellie Bright). Despite the warning, Frankie has continued to lie, but official spoilers reveal that she may be in over her head as Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) overhears and asks for her services. In upcoming scenes, Frankie arranges to meet Clara again despite Linda advising that building a friendship on lies never ends well. However, Frankie goes ahead with the meeting but begins to get nervous, so Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) offers to join her. In the café, Frankie continues to lie to Clara about her photography career, but the latter soon asks where she can view her work. Continuing the lie, Frankie reveals that she doesn't have a website at the moment as she is focusing on influencer gigs. READ MORE: Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew Kim overhears their conversation and is excited about the news. After Kim leaves, Clara invites them both to her exhibition in the community centre, but will Frankie be able to keep up false pretences? With Kim excited about the information, will Frankie be able to provide, or will she fold under the pressure of her lies, pushing Clara away? Elsewhere in the Carter family, Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) is called away by Linda, who has had a call from Ollie Carter's (Harry Farr) school, leaving Janine Butcher (Charlie Brookes) feeling dejected. Janine struggled with her jealousy until Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy) pointed out that Mick's priority will always be his children. However, Janine soon overhears Jada Lennox (Kelsey Calladine-Smith) sharing her concerns with Zack Hudson (James Farrar) about Linda being drunk around the children, and she can't help but interfere. Things haven't been easy for the Carter family over the last couple of months as Linda has been struggling with her alcoholism and Mick and Janine's affair. Frankie recently found herself on the receiving end of Linda's anger following a showdown with Mick and Janine at Tina Carter's (Luisa Bradshaw-White) wake. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Jean Slater becomes killer in hospital plot [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Beloved couple torn apart after baby betrayal [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Callum Highway and Ben Mitchell split over secret [WATCH] Their dispute led to Janine and Mick becoming closer, having the opposite effect to the one intended. Frankie later discovered that Janine and Mick had come close to a kiss, with the latter lying to her about what happened as he struggled to come to terms with his feelings. Mick and Linda came to blows once again when she made a bee-line for Frankie and expressed some harsh words, leaving Mick to defend his daughter. Janine dropped a huge bombshell on Mick when she revealed that she wanted to move to Australia as soon as she got full custody of her daughter Scarlett (Tabitha Byron). The pair have been facing cracks in their relationship after Mick continued to avoid being intimate with her and taking their relationship to the next level. Mick has a huge decision to make as to whether he wants to pursue his relationship with Janine or stay in Walford with his children and an alcoholic ex. At the beginning of the year, Danny Dyer revealed he would be leaving Walford, so moving to Australia could be Mick's way out. EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday from 7:30pm on BBC One.