Downton Abbey’s Dame Penelope Wilton, 75, has weighed in on her role as Lady Merton in the hit ITV drama. The actress has compared her character to that of Dame Maggie Smith, 87, the Dowager Countess of Grantham, who Lady Merton often bickers with. Reflecting on both character’s personalities, Penelope said her on-screen counterpart often wins the arguments. She also claimed that the series' creator Julian Fellowes never lets her character win a bickering match. The TV star said: “Maggie gets all the best lines! “With Maggie, you need to be on your game to hit the ball back at her. “I said to Julian: ‘Can I at least win one of the arguments?’ and he said: ‘No,'" she said to the Daily Mail. Fans of the period drama were left in tears with the much-anticipated sequel film, Downton Abbey 2: A New Era. Some took to Twitter to share their review of the film, as they recounted feeling a mix of emotions. MerviRyynanen said: “We just watched Downton Abbey A New Era and felt like being back with old friends. “As we expected - absolutely loved it! “Such a feel-good film (a few tears too!). “Felt like the closing chapter of a beloved story. Bloody Marvellous!” DaniellaLaverty added: “Just wow! There was laughter and there was tears. “A new era indeed @DowntonAbbey #DowntonAbbeyANewEra” DON'T MISS...Britney Spears, 40, sparks frenzy as she goes completely NAKED [LATEST]Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers undergoes chemotherapy amid illness [HEALTH]Alex Jones dismayed as son, 3, taken to hospital for operation [INSTAGRAM] Sineadekennedy tweeted: “Saw it this evening in Ireland. Loved it! “Such great escapism as always - we went to visit @HighclereCastle a few years back - well worth a visit if you get the chance and are a fan!” DoddsRosalind wrote: “Every thing about it is Spectacular. I must see.” Viewers had the opportunity of watching Behind the Lens, an official YouTube miniseries looking behind-the-scenes at the making of Downton Abbey: A New Era ahead of its release last month. One of the instalments looks specifically at the two houses that feature in the film in Highclere Castle and the French Riviera villa that The Dowager inherits. Lady Edith star Laura Carmichael said of Highclere, which mocks Downton Abbey: “It’s so weird how such a fancy building feels like it’s your house and it’s really, really not!” Producer Liz Trubridge added: “The house is a character. When you turn around on that drive in it’s just stunning.” And Branson actor Allen Leech quipped: “The architect did this as a dummy run for the Houses of Parliament. Yeah, not bad. And it’s all paper-mâché! Crazy.”