Steven Gerrard has told Liverpool they must sign a goalscoring midfielder if they want to improve. The Reds missed out on European glory on Saturday night as they lost to Real Madrid in the Champions League final. Gerrard was at the Stade de France as a pundit for BT Sport to witness an agonising night for his former club as they failed to find a route to goal, despite creating a whole host of chances against Real. The Spanish giants ultimately ended the Reds’ hopes of European silverware just before the hour mark as Vinicius Junior swept home Federico Valverde’s cross. Liverpool dominated much of the game as attackers Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Luis Diaz tried to wreak havoc in the Madrid defence. Salah saw a string of efforts kept out by Real goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois, while Mane was denied in the early stages of the match as his drilled attempt was tipped onto the post. And Gerrard believes Jurgen Klopp needs to alleviate the pressure on his frontmen. “Jordan [Henderson] and James Milner are not getting any younger,” the Aston Villa manager explained after the match. “They’re still top players at this level, of course, and they’ll want to go on and do more. READ MORE: Gary Neville fires shots at BT Sport over handling of Champions League fiasco  “But for Liverpool, if you think about the next five, six, seven years, they’re going to need a midfielder - an eight who can get goals, who can get double figures. They are heavily reliant on the front three - or the front five if you include Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino. But you always need one of those midfielders that’s going to get in the box and get you goals.” Gerrard appears to be describing a player who can contribute in front of goal as much as he did during his playing days. The 41-year-old hit double figures in the Premier League during five of his seasons at Anfield and had found the back of the net a staggering 185 times by the time he left the Merseyside club in 2015. DON'T MISS Four worst Liverpool players in Champions League defeat against Madrid Liverpool demand probe into chaotic Champions League final scenes Madrid will be 'going bananas' as Ferdinand and Owen react to VAR call     Salah, Mane and Jota have all been key men for Liverpool over the last 10 months, with the trio banging in an incredible 75 goals between them in all competitions. Fabinho was the Reds’ highest-scoring midfielder with eight strikes, while Naby Keita, Henderson and Thiago could only manage nine strikes between them. And Klopp could well take Gerrard up on his advice. Despite being regarded as one of the best teams English football has ever seen, Liverpool missed out on the Premier League title to Manchester City and had to contend with only the FA Cup and Carabao Cup to show for their efforts throughout the 2021/22 campaign.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here