On the episode of Homes Under the Hammer, presenter Dion Dublin said the property felt like it was a doctor or dentist surgery and needed completely renovating from top to bottom. With a guide price of £165,000 to £170,000, the Grade II listed property ended up selling for £166,000 to a mum and son duo who were just starting their renovation journey together. Entering the property, Dion said: “There’s wood chip everywhere, on the walls, on the ceiling. “It is night and bright, though. I’ll give you that…but it’s wood chip heaven everywhere.” There was also period features dotted all over the home, including traditional fireplaces. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘quick’ cleaning tip to get ‘streak-free’ windows The garden was good in size but needed lots of weeding. Presenter Martel Maxwell said: “The office doors and the bland colour makes this feel a little cold, and a little unwelcoming. “It is also a little unloved.” One local estate agent said: “The property is a lovely period house. You could have two effective maisonettes, which would give a decent-sized floor area and also a maximum value. DON'T MISS:Houseplants: How to keep your plants at the correct temperature [COMMENT]Artificial lawn warning after Katherine Ryan’s balcony caught fire [WARNING]Grand Designs viewers 'love' £170k ranch-style home in Glasgow [INSIGHT] “Each maisonette would make around £150,000. If you were to have just the basement converted, that’d be around about £90,000 to £100,000. “As one complete unit, to a decent standard, you’d be looking at around £275,000.” Mary and James, the mum and son duo who purchased the property, had plans to split the home into different maisonettes. However, they encountered problems when it came to planning permission so decided to turn the home into a gorgeous five bedroom property. There was now a shower room on the ground floor, a huge bathroom on the first floor, and five bright and airy bedrooms. The kitchen was in the basement. Mary and James decided to leave the floor bare so that when they sold the home, the new owners could put their own stamp on the property. Martel said this was a great way to save money in the budget. Mary said: “We spent around £20,000, I sourced a lot of goods online. The fireplace, the kitchen, the bathrooms.” Spending just half their budget, Mary also purchased original doors for £10 each. What did local estate agents now value the property at? One estate agent said: “I think they’ve done a good job. They’ve kept it simple. It’s likely to be aimed at a family, a large family, so the bedrooms need to be above the kitchen, rather than below. They’ve made sure that they kept the period features, which they have to anyway. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “I would market this property at a guide of £260,000.” Another expert said: “If this property was to be put on the open market, I would anticipate the property to be marketed between £250,000 and £260,000.” If they can achieve the higher valuation of £260,000, Mary and James could make a pre-tax profit of £74,000.” The mum and son duo plan on selling the home.