Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti had an emotional message to his players after their final training session for Saturday night's Champions League final. Los Blancos are going for their 14th European crown in Paris, to go with the La Liga title they won last month. Ancelotti was overheard telling his players that they need to forget everything they've done this season in order to beat Liverpool in Paris on Saturday night. The Spanish giants won La Liga at a canter, but head coach Ancelotti believes they need to forget that in order to win their 14th Champions League. The Italian gave his players an emotional speech on the pitch at the Parc des Princes after their final training session ahead of the game. His speech was intended to be private, but was overheard by Spanish outlet El Chiringuito. Ancelotti was heard saying: "What we’ve done, the truth is it doesn’t matter now. Tomorrow you have to get used to it.  "Here you all are, to enjoy it, which is the most important thing in football. It will be beautiful but difficult. Tomorrow is the party of the final and after the final, we will be happy. And that’s all." Madrid's path to the final has been dramatic at every turn, with Los Blancos coming from behind to win on three occasions. Karim Benzema has been their hero at every stage, and the French striker will be looking to add to his tally of 44 goals so far this campaign. The Spanish giants have had a month to prepare for the game, having wrapped up the La Liga title on April 30, whereas Liverpool's bid to win the Premier League title went right down to the wire just a week ago. The Reds went into the final game of the campaign with a slim chance of pipping Manchester City to the title - though they were unable to better Pep Guardiola's side's result.  Despite the additional preparation time, Ancelotti believes Liverpool will still pose a stern test. He said: "It really depends on so many other factors. I’m sure it’s not going to have a big impact on Liverpool, the way they are going to play and the way they are going to go about the game. "If the Liverpool players play, they don't have an injury. They might not have been at their best in training, but that won't affect their performance. It's a final, they'll give everything and it won't affect the outcome."