Richard Osman presented Pointless on BBC One for almost 13 years. The 51-year-old announced he was stepping down from his hosting duties last month to focus on writing. Despite presenting Pointless since its inception, Richard has admitted he "never wanted to be in front of the camera" to present the show. Richard, who began his career as an executive producer on British game shows, is the first person to confess he became an accidental television star. Reflecting on his stint on Pointless, the presenter told Radio Times: “I was initially uncomfortable with co-hosting Pointless. "I’m not an extrovert in any way and I never wanted to be in front of the camera. "But when they asked, I was nearly 40 and I said ‘Yes’, thinking it wouldn’t last. Nor did I think it’d be so popular. READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat "It doesn’t work in any other country in the world – they’ve tried and everyone is baffled – but here even the Queen loves it.” The father-of-two announced it was time for someone else to host alongside Alexander Armstrong last month. Guest presenters are due to replace him, but he will still appear on the celebrity version. Richard recently opened up on his decision to quit Pointless during an appearance on This Morning.  He told hosts Phillip Schofield and Rochelle Humes the role "takes a lot out of you". Richard explained: "My thing has been people only play Pointless once or twice, and I want to give them a good time and have it be exciting for everyone. “So, I’ve always given 100 percent to Pointless, and I was getting to the stage where I don’t have time to give 100 percent to everything. “I had done 12 years of it, so if one thing could go, because I still love House of Games, and I love doing the writing. DON'T MISS...Richard Osman shares real reason he quit Pointless role after 12 years [LATEST]Richard Osman gushes over 'happiness' with partner on red carpet [IN PICTURES]'Never mess with Susie' Rachel Riley warns amid Anne's Countdown exit [INSIGHT] “It was just the one thing where I was like, you know what let someone else have a go at this.” Richard also said he was looking forward to watching Pointless as a viewer in the future. His decision to focus more on writing comes as no surprise as his first novel, The Thursday Murder Club, released in 2020, is the third best-selling hardback of all time in the UK. Its follow-up, The Man Who died Twice,) is the sixth-best selling. 