Meghan Markle is expected to launch her podcast Archetypes for the music-sharing platform Spotify sometime this summer. The Duchess of Sussex will be chatting with women and experts from various backgrounds to discuss the stereotypes and labels holding women back in society. But Prince Harry's biographer Angela Levin branded the idea behind the podcast as "passé" as she questioned the success of the project. Speaking to TalkTV, Ms Levin said: "Spotify is waiting for the summer for her to do another thing which is about women who are stereotyped. "Where does it come from? She's going to speak to historians and women who feel stereotyped. "But hang on, what's going on with it? Nothing yet so it's very similar to Netflix. "It's all about her, being a proud woman but actually, it's sort of passé." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG She added: "We've all moved on, most women are ok, the thing now is gender rather than actually being a woman." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex struck an estimated £25 million deal with the streaming platform in December 2020, less than a year after stepping down from the Royal Family. They recorded a brief holiday message to share "a special collection of inspiration, reflection, and perspective from guests around the world." Meghan and Harry however have not shared any further episodes in over a year and the Duchess's podcast will be the first full-length project released on Spotify. READ MORE: Prince Charles vows to protect historic trees to mark mother's Jubilee The comments come after Netflix confirmed the Duchess of Sussex's project Pearl had been axed amid cutbacks. Meghan was announced as the producer of the animated series alongside Elton John's producer husband, David Furnish, last year. The project was expected to focus on a young girl named Pearl learning from women of the past. The streaming service announced a sharp fall in subscribers, with $50bn being wiped off the company's market value. DON'T MISS Beatrice and Eugenie shut out of roles despite brokering Harry visit [INSIGHT] Prince William erupted at photographer during outing with children [REPORT] Prince William target of Prince Harry's controversial protection swipe [REVEAL] While Meghan's project was cancelled, Netflix confirmed they would continue to work with the Sussexes' production company, Archewell Productions, on a number of projects. Last month, a crew from the service is believed to have travelled to The Netherlands with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to film footage from their documentary series Heart of Invictus. The couple created their production company to "produce programming that informs, elevates and inspires." The Archewell website also states the company will "utilise the power of storytelling to embrace our shared humanity and duty to truth through a compassionate lens." 