The US born singer shot to fame with Don’t Make Me Over, and continued to succeed with singles like I Say A Little Prayer and Anyone Who Had a Heart. More recently the star appeared in a documentary about her life and career, and even released a single with Chance The Rapper back in 2021. Around this time, Warwick also revealed more about her life off-stage and her own “anti-ageing tricks” that have kept her in good health for so long. With basically a wrinkle-free complexion and slender figure, it was surprising to all that the singer revealed that she does not consider herself a “healthy eater”, and is “too lazy” to go to the gym or exercise. Talking back in 2020, Warwick said: “I’m not what you consider a healthy eater. “I love McDonald’s, I eat fried chicken... I loved everything my mother put in my mouth during my growing years, so I still imbibe those things.” Continuing to talk about exercise and her fitness she added: “I am too lazy to exercise, I really am,” – insisting instead that running through airports and performing have been enough to keep her in shape. As well as diet and exercise, at the time of the interview, the star still smoked, emphasising that she was “on the way to quitting”, but still hadn’t managed to cut out the habit altogether.  READ MORE: Cancer: Milk thistle shown to have ‘strong preventive and therapeutic efficacy’ to help  Her passion for performing is incredibly strong, so much so that the star doesn’t even get the recommended amount of sleep every night. Instead of a solid eight hours, the musician admitted that she only takes a “compulsory four hours of sleep every day”. Despite these surprising revelations, the star must be doing something extremely right, as her health and career have remained strong for far longer than many others. In a 2022 interview, Warwick spoke about the toll of the COVID-19 pandemic, which she said she used as “needed rest,” before addressing her unconventional eating habits, suggesting it was keeping a “positive attitude” that has worked for her. She said: “I don’t have things I call healthy habits. I go to the doctor when she calls. I eat what I want to eat. I haven’t changed my diet, and while I don’t ‘exercise,’ I suppose I get a workout on stage every night. Most of all, I keep a positive attitude and don’t allow stress into my life—it works for me.  “I get my sense of humour from my family. We’re a bunch of crazy folks who love laughter. It really is the best medicine in the world. We take one day at a time like you’re supposed to, and it seems to work.” In 2020, the National Institute for Health and Welfare published research that stated that life expectancy is influenced not only by “traditional lifestyle-related risk factors but also by factors related to a person's quality of life, such as heavy stress.” The research found that one of the “biggest causes” of shortened life for 30-year-old men were smoking and diabetes, but heavy stress could shave up to 2.8 years off their lives too. On the other hand, things such as the consumption of plenty of fruits and vegetables could increase life expectancy. Specifically, eating fruit by 1.4 years and eating vegetables by 0.9 years.  For younger age groups, stress could increase life expectancy, but only if the person felt that the amount of stress they had was approximately the same as what other people were experiencing. Those living with huge amounts of stress can cause mental health conditions such as anxiety, causing everyday setbacks and physical symptoms on the body. Furthermore, continued stress that's left unchecked can contribute to many health problems, such as high blood pressure, heart disease, obesity and diabetes. The Mayo Clinic provides a list of common physical and behavioural symptoms that stress can cause on the body, which includes: Due to these discoveries about stress and health, individuals need to be able to manage stress levels. Effective strategies for this include exercising regularly, getting an adequate amount of sleep every night and maintaining a healthy support network in both work and home. 