Holly Willoughby, 41, is the face of morning ITV with companion Phillip Schofield on This Morning and is envied by many for her life and elegant clothing style. The presenter has previously given a rare insight into her married life with Dan Baldwin, 45, as she recalled the moment her hubby proposed 15 years ago. Dan proposed to Holly with a gorgeous solitaire diamond, and the pair married in 2007. Holly was just 24 years old when she met TV producer Dan on the childrens TV show Ministry of Mayhem. The bubbly presenter was hosting the show, while Dan was formerly a producer. on the show. Recalling the moment Dan proposed two years after they met, Holly said: "I know a lot of people almost have to force their boyfriend to propose but with Dan it was such a shock. READ MORE: Britney Spears, 40, sparks frenzy as she goes completely NAKED "I knew I'd be with him for the rest of my life, if he'd have me, but nothing can ever prepare you for what it's like when someone asks you. "I can't think of any other big decision you make in your life that quickly", she told The Mirror. Dan proposed to Holly while she was in the bath and on the very first night they had moved into their London home. Holly now wears a set of three rings on her left hand, as she rocks a round cut diamond on a platinum band between what is assumed to be her wedding ring and eternity band. The Dancing on Ice host also previously spoke to Keith Lemon about her first impressions of her future husband, and they were not what you would expect. She first met Dan backstage at a Travis concert where he was hanging with his friends and was very drunk, much to her disgust. Two years later, when Holly found out Dan was going to join the Ministry of Mayhem as a producer, Holly was equally as displeased. She told Keith: "Dan was there as a new producer and I thought, 'oh my God, I'm gonna hate this guy.' DON'T MISS... Britney Spears bares all in tiny thong after celebrating freedom [PICS] Piers Morgan savages Meghan and Harry for attending Queen's Jubilee [OPINION] Nicole Scherzinger, 43, shows off toned physique in thong [INSTAGRAM] "He'd come from MTV and he was very cool for school. He looked at me like I was this wally of a person. "I thought, 'Oh my God he hates me, he just thinks he's really cool.'" Shortly after the pair became "best friends" and went for a couple of drinks together, leading to sparks to form between the pair. She continued: "We cheers-ed in regards to champagne and I looked at him and it was like, 'Oh my God, I fancy him'. "In that second I just knew, it was like a little sparkle." The happy couple will be celebrating their 15th wedding anniversary later in the summer on August 4. They live together in London with their three children, Belle, Harry and Chester. The family welcomed a new member, golden retriever Bailey, after they noticed her children were spending too much time looking at screens. You can watch Holly Willoughby on This Morning from 10am weekdays.