The nation is preparing to celebrate the Queen’s 70 years on the throne this week with several official and community events taking place. The occasion has been marked with a special four-day bank holiday weekend from June 2 to 5. Across the four days, public and community events are planned to celebrate Britain’s longest-reigning monarch. On Sunday, June 5, Britons have been encouraged to take part in the Big Lunch event by hosting garden and street parties for their families, friends and neighbours. More than 85,000 people have signed up to host Big Jubilee Lunches, the official community celebration for the Platinum Jubilee. Organisers say events range from world-record attempts for the longest street party, to back garden barbecues and “everything in between”. Over 600 Big Jubilee Lunches are also being planned throughout the Commonwealth and beyond with events expected to take place in nations including Canada, New Zealand, Japan and South Africa. Prince Charles and Camilla will join 70 volunteers at The Oval cricket ground in south London. Prince Edward and Sophie, The Earl and Countess of Wessex, will join Berkshire residents for their special lunch on the Long Walk in Windsor. More than 16,000 street parties are expected to be held over the bank holiday weekend. Councils across England have received a “huge number” of applications with residents keen to mark the Platinum Jubilee, according to the Local Government Association (LGA). The LGA said many councils have waived administration fees for road closures this time around. In 2012 for the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee there were 9,500 road closures for street parties.  CAN'T SEE THE ABOVE POLL? CLICK HERE A poll of a dozen councils conducted by the LGA shows more than 1,000 street parties have been approved which once extrapolated nationally could mean more than 16,000 will take place. LGA chairman James Jamieson, said: “Councils are pulling out all the stops to help their communities celebrate a historic day for our country. “Whether it be approving thousands of local road closures for free or putting on big community events, councils are doing what they do best and bringing people together in innovative ways to mark this important milestone. “After two tough years at the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, we hope that this time will allow people to raise a toast and celebrate with their loved ones and neighbours.” The soundtrack to the nation’s street parties was chosen as Neil Diamond’s Sweet Caroline, as voted by listeners of BBC Radio 2’s Breakfast Show hosted by Zoe Ball. Ms Ball hopes up to ten million people will join in the nationwide singalong at their street parties, as she declared the choice as “a song of togetherness”. She said: “We’re also hoping that loads of grassroots music groups and choirs and school bands and brass bands will learn the song and perform it too. “We really want to encourage the country to all come together.” So how about YOU? Are you having a Jubilee party? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.