The sixth book in Diana Gabaldon’s hit Outlander saga formed the basis of the popular historical drama’s latest outing, but there are still a number of loose ends to tie up at the beginning of season seven. Unfortunately, executive producer Maril Davis, isn’t sure when exactly Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) and her husband Jamie (Sam Heughan) will be returning to Starz. There could be yet another lengthy Droughtlander in store following the dramatic cliffhanger at the end of season six. With Claire under trial for the murder of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds), it’s up to Jamie, Young Ian (John Bell) and Chief Bird (Glen Gould) to come to her aid. Filming for season seven officially got underway last month so, thankfully, it seems the days of two-year waits between seasons have come to an end. However, producer Maril and Starz execs have yet to set a likely window for when the hotly anticipated next episodes will actually surface. READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money “Even though I wish we could have done 12 [episodes], in some ways it's really worked out,” the producer explained. “I love the end of the season. It is a cliffhanger and it makes you really want to come back for season seven. “I don't know when that's coming back; hopefully, it's not too long a Droughtlander. But the season has such a pace to it.” Outlander has become infamous over the years for making fans wait upwards of a year for new seasons. Viewers have dubbed the lengthy hiatuses Droughtlander, with the latest break proving even more painful thanks to the delaying effects of the Covid pandemic. Thankfully, the turnaround for the next season has been much quicker, so the next season could be expected to premiere as soon as early 2023. Maril was also aware how much fans would be desperate for the next episodes as Covid restrictions meant season six had to be cut down to just eight chapters. “This season will definitely end on a cliffhanger,” she admitted to Entertainment Weekly ahead of the season premiere in March. DON'T MISS:Eamonn Holmes defends France for betrayal of Falklands vets [COMMENT]Law and Order: SVU set for upheaval after showrunner exits [LATEST]NCIS LA season 13: Callen and Anna romance dealt huge blow [SPOILERS] “We never see Claire and Jamie in a happy place for very long. I so often joke that I want to send Claire and Jamie on a vacation to Hawaii. It's just turmoil and trauma.” The end of season six concluded with Claire and Jamie separated and away from Fraser’s Ridge for the first time since the end of season four. Claire will have to rely on a little help from Thomas Christie (Mark Lewis Jones) to prove her innocence, but it’s still up in the air whether or not the seventh outing will bring the Fraser clan home to North Carolina again. Maril continued: “This season, because it's shortened — where we were going to end it was no less fraught necessarily — but for some reason, it seems more traumatic.” “This season we don't get a chance to breathe. It's trauma upon trauma or issues upon issues. And I'm just so excited about where it ends.” After one of the biggest cliffhangers in Outlander history, it won’t be long until fans of the hit fantasy series start pleading for updates regarding the next season. In the meantime, series lead Sam can be seen in an upcoming crime drama, Suspect, on Channel 4, while Caitriona is still riding high from her Golden Globe and BAFTA-nominated performance in Kenneth Branagh’s film, Belfast. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.