He’s best known as troubled youth Jacob Hay in Coronation Street but speaking on Tuesday’s Lorraine, actor Jack opened up about the importance of young mean checking for cancer symptoms. The actor was diagnosed at 19 and explained he thought testicular cancer was only found in “old men”. Talking to Lorraine Kelly, he explained: “I didn’t even know it was a thing that would happen to young men. “I thought it was an old man cancer. When I found out it was really common in young men, I thought, ‘Wow, why didn’t I know about this? Why didn’t we know about this?’ “I mean, getting to tell that story on something like Coronation Street with Jacob would be amazing for me. “It was a crazy time but I’ve come through the other side. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle “It's been a really positive experience so I want to be able to tell that story.” “That’s a really amazing way of thinking about it Jack, as a positive thing because you caught it early enough,” Lorraine replied. “You noticed changes I guess? Because you should check your bits. “Men are so silly for that. Mind you, they do check their bits regularly I suppose,” she laughed. “But you should look and see and get it sorted for goodness sake.” Jack later opened up on his recovery, detailing: “I had surgery to get one of my testicles removed, I had a replacement put in there and then had a bit of chemo afterwards. “But as I say, because I caught it so early on I was super lucky with the treatment.” “That’s brilliant! That’s absolutely fantastic and shows again, with any cancer, that the quicker…” Lorraine began. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans work out Phill's sinister link to Pat Phelan [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Phill Whittaker's link to John Stape  [EXCLUSIVE]Coronation Street theory: Orla Crawshaw's sister exposed as resident [SPOILER] “It’s all about knowing your body and knowing any changes. Did you feel sort of a bit tired and things weren’t quite right?” Jack explained: “I didn’t have any symptoms and then I found the lump and instantly I was like, ‘Oh okay this is serious.’ “But like you say, there’s such a stigma with something like testicular cancer so making that first trip to the hospital was nerve-wracking and embarrassing but it was necessary. “Because I went and did it so quick, it meant the treatment was great.” “Now I’m living my dream - I’m getting to go on the cobbles every day!” Jack exclaimed. The actor admitted he is hoping his character Jacob’s parents will show up on the cobbles soon and he has one actor in mind to play his father. Jack wants Stephen Graham to play Jacob’s estranged father. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV from 9am while Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV at 8pm.