The streaming giant has told employees they should leave the company if they take issue with its programming in an internal memo. On Monday's Piers Morgan Uncensored, the broadcaster praised Netflix and called on more corporate bosses to follow suit. Piers began: "In all culture wars there's a tipping point. "A moment where those timidly bowing to the howling mob wake up, smell the latte and grow a pair. "That moment appears to have just arrived for Netflix. "The once mightly streaming platform has seen its stock price collapse after losing thousands of subscribers on the content battlefield." Read more: Piers Morgan horrified as 'abusive' guest brands him a c-word "Boring virtue-signalling programming has seen it cede key territory to belligerents like Disney, Apple and Amazon," he continued. "But this weekend Netflix bosses finally realised that if you go too woke, you may go broke especially if you wave the white flag to woke warrior staff. "Well, many of those Netflix snowflakes rose up in rage against their firm for streaming comedy shows by Dave Chapelle who makes jokes about trans people as he does about everybody else." Defending the comedian, he said: "Chapelle is not a bigot he's a comedy genius who likes to poke fun at everyone and anyone which should frankly be the hallmark of any good fearless comedian." Piers hit out at Netflix employees who criticised the streaming giant for giving Chapelle a platform. "Fortunately, Netflix has finally done what I've been urging them to do for weeks and tell this intolerant, wet, cancel culture vultures to develop a backbone or leave," he said. Netflix's internal memo said: "Depending on your role, you may need to work on titles you perceive to be harmful. "If you'd find it hard to support our content breadth, Netflix may not be the best place for you." DON'T MISSJohnny Rotten brands 'privacy shy' Meghan and Harry ‘parasites’ [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan fumes over Jacob Rees-Mogg's interview with BBC's Naga [INTERVIEW]John Lydon warns ‘end of monarchy’ as he savages future king Charles [VIDEO] Piers commented: "Finally the message to the Netflix woke brigade is simple, if you don't like the company you don't have to work there and the message to Netflix customers is simply too." "If you don't like the content it streams and there are currently 38,000 hours to choose from you can watch something else or cancel your subscription that's how democracy works. “We need more of this rare outbreak of woke-defying gumption from corporate bosses.” "Just tell them to like free speech or lump it," he added. Netflix's stance comes months after the streaming giant received a backlash for airing Dave Chapelle's controversial stand-up special The Closer. Employees walked out in protest and accused the comedian of being transphobic. At the time Netflix co-CEO Ted Sarandos defended Chappelle, saying: “We don’t allow Netflix titles that are designed to incite hate or violence, and we don’t believe The Closer crosses that line.” Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on Talk TV, Fox Nation and Sky News Australia on weeknights at 8pm.