Bling Empire has returned to Netflix for a second outing and the reality TV series delivered plenty of drama. Chèrie Chan disappeared from the show at the end of the third episode, with her exit remaining a mystery throughout the new season. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why the star dropped out. Fans were shocked to see Chèrie and her now-husband, Jessey Lee, in the second season in the first place. The couple announced last year they would not be returning to the show, however, they were at the centre of the drama for the first few episodes. Over the course of the series, it transpired Jaime Xie's friend, Leah, claimed Jessey had a second family. The group found out he had an ex-wife and after this, Chèrie appeared to pull out of the show. READ MORE: Bling Empire season 2: Why was Paula Abdul in Netflix's Bling Empire? Christine Chiu opened up about her co-star's exit from the series. She told Entertainment Tonight: "When they left the show, I was really disappointed because I really was wanting them to tell their story and to complete their story. "I mean, they signed up for this project and trust me, there were a lot of times and a lot of moments where I wish I could have just quit and walked away, but I had to pull up my big girl panties and continue with the commitment that I had made. "Having said that, I also understand from a mother's perspective, from someone who has a family, that your natural instinct is to protect your family. "So I have to respect her decision, which I am assuming was in the best interest of her family." In February 2021, Chèrie said she was in two minds about returning to the series. “Right now we’re really focused on Religion Tequila and Bresatech. "Our family is in furniture and textiles. We’re very focused on building a legacy for our children. We don’t want to rely on our families,” she told The Sun. She said she found the show “tough” as a mum, adding: “I’m really worried about the kids. “It’s great, but it comes with a lot of mum wanting to protect her child.” DON'T MISS... Bling Empire episode 6 tribute: Who is Cindy Chan? [INSIGHT] Kim Lee net worth: How much is Bling Empire star Kim Lee worth? [EXPLAINER] Anna Shay husband: Who is Bling Empire star Anna Shay married to? [INSIGHT] In a separate interview, Jessey said the couple wanted to focus on each other and their children. He told E's Daily Pop: "We just thought it was time for us to move on and focus on our family, our businesses." The pair filmed a couple of scenes for the new season but were uncertain whether they would make the final cut. They finally got married during a low-key ceremony in February 2022 at the Château de Saran castle in Champagne, France. They only had a handful of guests in attendance due to coronavirus restrictions. However, they hope to have a bigger wedding later this year, so both families can be a part of the celebration. Just days ahead of the season two premiere, Chérie paid tribute to her husband and their love story. On Instagram, she said: “It’s ok to marry, fall in love, have kids, divorce, marry again, we should always celebrate love and be there for one another." She also issued a warning to her followers not to be “friends with people who try to hurt your family, kids, and close friends".  Bling Empire season 2 is on Netflix now.