Prince Charles has homes in England, Scotland, and Wales. Clarence House is his and Camilla Parker Bowles' official London residence, whereas Highgrove House near Tetbury, Gloucestershire is their family home. Meanwhile, Birkhall is the couple's private residence on the Royal Family's Balmoral estate in Scotland, and Llwynywermod, near Llanymddyfri in Carmarthenshire is their Welsh home. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall usually spend their summer break in Birkhall each year, allowing them to go fishing and walking in the Scottish countryside. As for Llwynywermod, this is where the couple stay when they visit Wales for their annual tour of the country. However, Charles spent more time there last year to grieve his father in peace, according to reports. Bought in 2007 by the Duchy of Cornwall, Llwynywermod is an old farmhouse which was refurbished using local materials and the skills of Welsh craftsmen and women. READ MORE: Garden pests: How to ‘effectively’ get rid of ants ‘within a week’ After the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral in April 2021, Charles left for Llanymddyfri because he "wanted to reflect alone", according to a Daily Mail source. They said there was "no better place for Charles to come to terms with his grief and start to think about his future". The farmhouse is known not only for its peace and quiet, but also for its environmental aspect. The three-bedroom residence is fully sustainable and even has its own 192-acre organic farm. DON'T MISS: ‘Excellent method’ for killing specific weeds with kitchen staple [EXPERT]Energy bills: How to avoid energy saving hacks that ‘cost you more’ [TIPS]Laundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [COMMENT] The farmhouse has been a country retreat for the couple since March 2007, but it was renovated in 2008 to create a pared back and relaxing getaway. There is thought to be no TV or DVD player at the residence, motivating Charles and Camilla to go for walks and read when they stay there. The couple has reportedly lined the house's shelves with an array of books on local folklore and guided walks. In a past interview, Prince Charles said it took "a long search lasting some 40 years" to find the estate. He added: “Several houses and sites were explored until, finally, we came across Llwynywermod in an exceptionally beautiful part of Carmarthenshire, on the edge of the Brecon Beacons and within reasonable reach of Cardiff.” In April 2021, another source claimed that Prince Charles needed time to “contemplate the future of the Royal Family”. “Charles wants to attend to the thousands of letters sent to him in condolence of his father's death," they told the Daily Mail. “He is acutely aware that this is a hugely significant moment in his life and he feels like he has the weight of the world on his shoulders. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “All his life he has been heir to throne, but Prince Philip was the patriarch of the family. Overnight that's changed, and it's impacted him both professionally and personally. “He needs time to think and contemplate the future of the Royal Family after what was a very difficult week.” In an interview with Simon Armitage, Charles added that he enjoys using his Welsh property for hiking, saying: It is wonderful coming down here. “And I love coming in the winter when I can at a weekend. “And I stump about in the Brecon Beacons and explore, which is magic, and fight my way through large numbers of sheep all over the place. It is very special because it’s more of a cottage.”