A collision on the M23 has shut down two lanes of traffic near Gatwick Airport. These are closed between Junction 9 to Gatwick Airport, and Junction 8 to the M25. National Highways England reports the lanes are in the process of being cleared. Delays of up to 20 minutes are expected as six miles of congestion stretches down the motorway. Traffic is moving very slowly along the road, right next to London's second busiest airport. The lanes are not anticipated to be cleared for another 45 minutes. The problem is exacerbated by a broken down car further along the same stretch of motorway. The incident was first reported at 12.13pm by traffic news agency Inrix. Friday's rush hour is rapidly approaching, causing concern that the incident may lead to even worse congestion. The AA reported: "Severe delays of 21 minutes and delays increasing on M23 Northbound between J9 (Gatwick Airport) and J8 M25 J7. Average speed 10 mph." The collision creates even more woe for holidaymakers, already beset by incidents at other airports this week. Airport chaos was reported at Heathrow Airport on Wednesday, with passengers complaining of long queues and delays to board their flights. Frustrated holidaymakers took to Twitter to report the "chaos" and share pictures of long queues at the major London airport. One holidaymaker claimed there was no sign of airport staff or border officials. Mark Hill posted: "Chaos and huge queues in terminal 3. No sign of airport staff or border officials. @HeathrowAirport. READ MORE: Queen’s Jubilee ‘HAVOC for drivers’ warning over street parties [REVEAL]  "The delay is with UK passport holders who cannot even get into the arrivals hall. 'All other passports' is flowing freely … #Brexitbonus." He told Express.co.uk it was a "complete fiasco".  Holidays were "ruined" for travellers using Bristol and Manchester airports on Tuesday Traveller Michael Hough described the "absolute chaos" writing: "#manchesterairport daughter, niece and nephew all flying out this morning. Three and a quarter hour queue. And still had to be pulled out of the line, to get the flight. "Absolute chaos. Get your act together. Ruining holidays!" Neil Lancaster posted: "I dislike queuing. Anxious these days when lots of people are congregating."