Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp disagrees with Pep Guardiola that everyone in the country wants the Reds to be successful. Guardiola said at the weekend that the media are more biased towards the Anfield club and would prefer them to succeed over City. Guardiola also took a dig at Liverpool in the fact they have only won one top-flight title in over 30 years. But Klopp has now issued his response to the Spaniard. He laughed when the question was brought up at his press conference ahead of Tuesday's match against Aston Villa. The German pointed out that not even everyone in the city of Liverpool, where Everton are also based, wants them to win. Klopp said: "I live in Liverpool. Here a lot of people want us to win the league, that's true. But even here, probably only 50 per cent! The other people are involved in another fight, at least until yesterday." READ MORE: Darwin Nunez sends Liverpool fans wild with social media activity - 'In the bag'  Klopp criticised Tottenham's style of play following Liverpool's 1-1 draw at Anfield on Saturday. He admits he wouldn't make those comments again and says Guardiola's controversial claim is another example of managers speaking emotionally after a match. Klopp added: "As manager, I've had this experience recently, after a game we're obviously influenced by the game, by the situation, stuff like this. I said after the game Spurs play like they play and they're still only fifth. Would I say it again? No. DON'T MISSMan Utd told to replace 15 players as Erik ten Hag 'won't want any of them' [QUOTES]Erling Haaland to Man City transfer now a 'done deal' with confirmation set for this week [GOSSIP]Ten Hag may copy controversial Van Gaal transfer call at Man Utd straight away [TRANSFERS]  "It felt good in that moment but anyway it was wrong. It was just my feeling in that moment. "I couldn't respect Antonio [Conte] and what he's doing and my God how he organises teams. I don't know exactly in which situation Pep was when he said that, after getting knocked out of the Champions League it's difficult to take but then of course Liverpool made it to the final. "Then you have these kind of things, 'They played Villarreal and we played Real!' Then you say what you say. He's right. "I was right with Tottenham being fifth and he was right we won the Premier League only once. I've no idea if the whole country is supporting us, I don't know that.  "It's not the feeling I get actually when we go to other places and play there, it's actually the opposite, but maybe he knows more about that than me." Klopp was responding to comments Guardiola made to the media after City's 5-0 win over Newcastle on Sunday. Guardiola said: "Everyone in this country supports Liverpool, the media and everyone. "Because Liverpool have an incredible history in European competitions. Not in Premier Leagues, because they have won one in 30 years. But I don't care. People want Liverpool to win more than us. They have more supporters around the world and in England more support Liverpool than us." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 