Carers are some of the worst hit by the cost of living crisis because they are often unable to work full time. However, many are missing out on Carer's Allowance paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Approximately one in seven people care for someone in the UK, yet many of them are struggling to survive financially. The latest survey of carers in Britain conducted on behalf of Carers UK revealed some shocking results. Nearly two thirds (64 percent) of carers are cutting back on heating and a third (33 percent) have already fallen into arrears. What’s more, over half (55 percent) are worried that increasing energy bills will mean they have to cut back on food. READ MORE: Universal Credit to PIP: 11 DWP benefits to claim if you're struggling Helen Walker, chief executive of Carers UK said: “Many are dipping into savings, using credit cards, being pushed into debt and cutting back on essentials to keep the person they care for warm and healthy. “They are extremely anxious about how they are going to continue to manage.” At the same time, figures from the DWP show that half a million people aren’t claiming Carer’s Allowance which is worth up to £278 every four weeks. Typically, people need to care for someone for at least 35 hours a week to qualify for this help. DON'T MISSNew state pension warning - get forecast now or risk shortfall [WARNING]Warning issued to Britons who use cash in supermarkets [ALERT]State pension update as top up rules relaxed - but for a limited time [UPDATE] People could be entitled to Carer’s Allowance if they are working, as long as they don’t earn more than £128 a week. However, the individual they are caring for needs to be claiming state benefits for the carer to qualify. These include: Helen Walker, the chief executive of Carers UK, said the pandemic and cost of living crisis is making matters much worse for carers. She said: “As the cost of living crisis piles on the stress and pressure to household finances across the UK, the below inflation increases to Carer’s Allowance and Universal Credit are yet another blow for hard pressed carers. “Many carers have a reduced capacity to work because of their caring responsibilities or have had to give up work altogether. “Despite the majority of carers having taken on more care during the pandemic, which has protected our health and care systems, they face a real terms cut in the level of financial support they receive. "Carers do not deserve more hardship when they have done so much.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, people who don’t qualify for Carer’s Allowance might be able to claim Carer’s Credit instead. This is a National Insurance credit to fill up the gaps in one’s record which may impact their state pension. Carers must be between the ages of 16 and state pension age to qualify. They must also spend at least 20 hours per week caring for someone. To find out whether they could be eligible for Carer’s Allowance, Britons can go to Gov.uk.