Jasmine Harman, 46, has taken to Instagram this evening to share an update with some of her fellow A Place in the Sun presenters as they meet up at a Channel 4 get together. Also in attendance was Homes Under the Hammer's Lucy Alexander, 52, with Jasmine taking to her Instagram story to share a "sabotaging" story. Jasmine shared the update in view of her 105,000 followers, along with Lucy in the selfie video. Lucy exclaimed: "Are we on video?" To which Jasmine replied: "We are on video, yes!" Lucy then continued as she showed the pair's height difference: "I come up to her boobs look! Anyway, go on..." READ MORE: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes Jasmine then took her phone to tell the story: "So, Lucy just tried to sabotage A Place in the Sun photo. "You know what she did? Tell them what you did." Lucy then explained what happened as she laughed: "So, I spilled my whole glass of bubbles down Jasmine's beautiful cleavage. "Yeah, just before the photograph! Sorry babes." The pair hugged as Jasmine ended the video with: "What are you like?" Lucy is friends with the A Place in the Sun presenters, and she even recently went on holiday with Laura Hamilton. Laura, 40, took to her Instagram stories to document the first stages of her luxury cruise from Barcelona around the Spanish coast. As well as being joined by Lucy, Blue singer Duncan James was also seen on the trip. DON'T MISS... Coleen Rooney is 'different mother and wife' after her famous tweet [INSIGHT] Sir Ian McKellen brands Jake Daniels a ‘hero’ after coming out [COMMENT] Drew Barrymore flaunts smooth face on red carpet as she avoids surgery [PICS] Taking to her Instagram story Laura posted a picture of the pair with the caption: "Barcelona bound. "We are staying in Barcelona for the night with Virgin Voyages." She concluded with a selfie, sipping on a cocktail, as she found a spot by one of the top-deck pools ahead of the ship's departure. This comes as Laura recently revealed her latest career move away from properties. Laura admitted that she has been training to be a pilot, changing her Instagram bio to admit she had taken up the new hobby. Earlier this year, the star revealed she had split from her husband Alex Goward after 13 years together. Announcing the news, Laura said: "This isn’t something I ever thought I’d be saying but, after 13 years of being together Alex and I have separated. "Our children are and always will be our number one priority and we would respect privacy for our family at this time."