The five officers were seen dancing to Run-DMC's 1983 song It's Like That at a youth engagement community event in the north London suburb of Edmonton last Saturday. The minute-long routine - which gained some applause from the audience - was performed by four PCs and a Sargeant. Speaking about the video, Mick Neville, a retired senior Scotland Yard detective, told The Sun: "It's a total disgrace. People don't want to see police dancing in the street. Edmonton is a high crime area. These officers should be on patrol, not dad dancing." The dancing also led to a social media frenzy as critics slammed the police for "making fools of themselves" while failing to tackle the high crime rate in the area. One Twitter user said: "That's why they didn't have enough time to properly investigate when my van got broken into and I lost all my tools."  Another said: "And with them dance moves, there was never any more stabbings in London." According to police statistics, there were 387 crimes reported in Edmonton in March alone. These included 142 reports of anti-social behaviour, 63 violence and sexual offences, 35 drug-related crimes, and 147 classed as 'other'. Actor Laurence Fox also criticised the force, posting online: "The Metpoliceuk gather to celebrate the eradication of all crime in London. Well done chaps and chapesses." READ MORE: Sadiq savaged for 'intervening in police matters' after new Boris pics One person who claims to be an ex-officer wrote: "I'm so glad I have retired, policing is a joke now." Another simply said: "Just get on with policing the streets." However, some praised the officers for their attempt at engaging with the community. One person tweeted: "What is wrong with the police participating in a pre-arranged event designed to engage with young people in a deprived area of London?" DON'T MISS: 'Police is a safe haven for thugs' Mina Smallman calls for change [INSIGHT]Met Police dog dies in line of duty [COMMENT]Manchester horror as man stabbed to death in ‘serious’ knife attack... [ANALYSIS] Edmonton Green Police wrote on Twitter: "Thank you for your support. The idea behind the event was a rap battle, dance-off, and sing off involving the community. "As part of that we were asked [to] do a dance (and sing)... so as a neighbourhood team, we did... to be part of the community." The Metropolitan Police force has experienced a great deal of scrutiny in recent times. This includes criticism over the force's investigation into lockdown breaking parties held at Number 10 after only fining Boris Johnson once despite Sue Gray's report revealing several instances of partying in Downing Street.