Ms Levin sat down with TV presenter Mike Graham to discuss Ms Markle's animation series 'Pearl' being cancelled. Ms Markle and her husband Prince Harry have been facing criticism for their million-pound business deals. The royal author explained that the focus should be on the Queen currently as her Jubilee is approaching fast and she may not be able to get on the balcony. Ms Levin also claimed that the Duchess of Sussex had thrown away her skills and had become so full of grandeur. Ms Levin told Talk TV: "I hate people who manipulate like that. "Forever manipulating, forever putting themselves out in the front and it's all about me. "What about the Queen for goodness sake, we now know she might not even be able to get onto the balcony. "But it's very very sad that they've turned like that, it's a great disappointment. "Meghan had some skills but she's actually thrown them away because she's so full of grandeur." JUST IN: Helen Skelton missing from Countryfile as husband 'jets abroad with new love interest'  There has been much speculation by royal experts have been wondering if the Queen will make an appearance on the balcony at her Jubilee this summer, due to her fragile state. When Ms Markle first announced the project, Meghan said of the show: “Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life’s daily challenges. The royal couple has such a busy schedule as they are now working for themselves, that many are wondering if they will show up at the Jubilee as they have already made a surprise visit to Windsor Castle last month to see the Queen. Political commentator Calvin Robinson slammed the royal couple claiming they are more focused on their Hollywood life than on their previous royal one. Mr Robinson told Sky News: “He's willing to align himself with virtue signallers and celebrity culture but he cannot go home to mourn the loss of a loved national figure. “It really is sad because you would just think he would be there for the Queen at the very least.” "He's ruthless, he's off the lead as it were, and nothing will stop him to get what he wants." 