Some 400 to 600 mines were thrown into Ukraine's sea zone by Russia, Sergey Bratchuk, a spokesperson for the Odesa Regional Military Administration, said on Telegram. Stormy weather brought some of these to the surface, with NATO mine-hunting warships discovering the deadly traps as far away as the territorial waters of Turkey, Bulgaria, and Romania, the official added. Mr Bratchuk's claims follow a similar statement earlier this month, when he said: "Russia planted mines in the Black Sea in early March, they admitted. "I saw the number of 420 such explosive devices. "Some experts even give 600. "I understand that the relevant measures were taken by our defence forces." Sea mines pose a serious challenge to Odesa's six-kilometre beach waterfront, where tourists usually flock in the summer season, which officially starts on June 1. Mr Bratchuk said the sea and land mines deployed by Moscow pose a threat to visitors, who would normally spend the warm months in the region's cafés, hotels and restaurants, for whom travellers are an essential part of business. He told the News24 television channel: "We will need to de-mine our beaches and waters, before that (opening beaches to tourists without limits). "We've already had incidents when the current has brought sea mines to our beaches… the Russians threw the mines into the Black Sea." He added: "The moment we can, we will do it (clear Odesa's beaches). "But the resort season right now, to put it mildly, is under threat. "It won't take place in the normal way like we're used to. "We have to make sure our citizens are safe as the first priority." DON'T MISSPutin religion: Does Russia’s President believe in God? [ANALYSIS]Video shows economic struggle in Russia 'People more cautious' [INSIGHT]Russia’s ‘five hands’ that could spark nuclear armageddon [EXPLAINER] Odesa is also in the spotlight because of halted trade at its port. On May 24, the UK's Ministry of Defence (MoD) said: "There has been no significant merchant shipping activity in or out of Odessa since the start of the war." "Russia's subsequent naval blockade of key Black Sea ports has deterred the commercial shipping industry from operating in the area. "Ukraine's overland export mechanisms are highly unlikely to substitute for this shortfall in shipping capacity caused by the Russian blockade. "As a result, significant supplies of Ukrainian grain remain in storage unable to be exported." Prior to the conflict, Ukraine was seen as the world's breadbasket – with 4.5 million tonnes of agricultural produce exiting its ports each month. The MoD's assessment echoed warnings by Ukrainian and Western officials that the pressure on prices triggered by disrupted grain supplies is forcing people in poorer nations, particularly in the Middle East and North Africa, into a tricky position. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned some countries could face long-term starvation if Ukraine's exports are not restored to pre-war levels. He said: "There is enough food in our world now if we act together. But unless we solve this problem today, we face the spectre of global food shortage in the coming months." Globally, food prices are now nearly 30 percent higher than at the same time last year, according to the UN. The ministry's report added: "Fighting has already placed indirect pressure on global grain prices. "While the threat of Russia's naval blockade continues to deter access by commercial shipping to Ukrainian ports, the resulting supply shortfalls will further increase the price of many staple products."