Meghan Markle's estranged father Thomas Markle was admitted to hospital last week, following a stroke. Speaking to Dan Wootton on GB News, Meghan's half-brother Thomas Markle Jr discussed how the Duchess attending the scene of the fatal Texas school shooting, but not choosing to visit her father, is the "most insensitive thing" he has seen in his life. In the interview, Thomas Markle Jr said: "I honestly don't know what Meghan's agenda is, I'm just telling you from my standpoint of view. "It's totally wrong what she's done". Speaking of the Duchess' trip to the fatal Texas school shooting scene, Mr Markle said: "It's the most insensitive, inconsiderate thing I've ever seen in my life. "She went there [to the fatal Texas scene] three days prior, or whatever, I mean she's had every opportunity [to visit her dad]". READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'dreading return' to UK but Archie and Lilibet will help as 'distraction' He then went on to say that Meghan's visit to Texas was "most likely" a PR stunt "judging by the cameras" and "the little walk she did like she was on a stage". He added: "It just didn't make any sense". Thomas Markle Jr claims that Meghan has had "every opportunity" to reach out to their father and that "she could if she wanted to". He continued: "As far as a PR stunt goes, maybe this, her saying that she tried tor reach out is trying to make herself look better. READ MORE: Prince Harry to run back to UK 'with tail between legs' as Duke not 'totally happy' in US "I mean, she's got to pay her PR team ridiculous amounts of money to do this so she's got to give them content". Recently speaking on Good Morning Britain, Meghan's half-sister Samantha claimed that the Duchess is "causing her father pain". She also confirmed that Meghan had not been in touch since their father's hospital admission. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS] In the interview, Samantha said: "They [Meghan and her father] were texting for a while, but all of that ceased". Meghan was previously very close to her father. Prior to his health scare, Meghan's father had been planning to visit the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. It has been confirmed that Meghan, Harry and their children will be present at the celebrations in the UK later this week.