WhatsApp could be about to fix one of the biggest nightmares with those endless Group Chats we're part of. The upgrade, which is currently being tested, will make it much easier to leave a group without everyone knowing about it. Right now, if you exit a Group Chat the entire list of contacts - that are part of the conversation - will get a notification revealing that you've had enough and are heading out of the door. The Meta-owned firm clearly realises this could cause some issues and it appears they are now working on a feature that will allow WhatsApp users to leave groups a little more quietly. As spotted by the ever-reliable team at WAbetainfo, a new upgrade is currently being trialled that will allow users to only notify the group admins that they are leaving the chat. To show how this will work a screenshot has been posted online which reveals a user leaving a chat and seeing the option to, "Exit this group? Only you and group admins will be notified that you left the group." This silent way of leaving could come at a perfect time with WhatsApp recently pushing out an upgrade that now lets over 500 people join Group Chats. The previous limit was 256 so this is a significant jump in numbers. READ MORE: WhatsApp just released biggest upgrade in years! Check your phone for these new features It's currently unclear when WhatsApp will roll out the option to leave silently but if it's in a beta test it shouldn't be too long until we see it arriving on phones across the globe. This Group Chat upgrade isn't the only thing changing in WhatsApp with the service also now allowing users to send bigger files across its plaform. That will please anyone who loves sending pin-sharp high-resolution photos or 4K videos of themselves to friends with WhatsApp upping the file size from a pretty measly 100MB to a whopping 2GB. That's a massive increase and should end the nightmare of having to compress things before sending them across the web. One final change that's been confirmed is the addition of reactions. This is similar to what Apple offers via its iMessage platform with WhatsApp users now able to quickly overlay emojis on each chat bubble. That means you can add quick thumbs up or love heart to a message rather than typing a reply. "We’re excited to share that emoji reactions are now available on the latest version of the app," the firm recently revealed in a post on its blog. "Reactions are fun, fast, and they reduce overload in groups too. We’ll continue improving them by adding an even broader range of expressions in the future. "We hope people enjoy these updates and look forward to sharing more throughout the year."