Season nine finale, Marvin Gerard: Conclusion, Part 2, brought The Blacklist’s latest mission to a cataclysmic conclusion. Marvin (played by Fisher Stevens) went out on his own terms, though not before delivering another impossible task for Raymond Reddington (James Spader) and his team to handle next season. Unfortunately, the task force will be down two key members when the NBC drama returns after record-low ratings last Thursday. The latest episode of The Blacklist drew just 2.7 million total viewers on Friday night, the lowest of the season so far. NBC’s hit crime drama has remained a strong performer for the network, but recent episodes have taken a dip compared to previous instalments. Episode 22 was the fourth episode to receive a 0.2 rating in the last five weeks. The latest numbers show a significant drop compared to earlier seasons, which would regularly pull in seven-eight million viewers per episode. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? Meanwhile, the episode itself featured the departures of two mainstays for The Blacklist; Agents Aram Mojtabai (Amir Arison) and Alina Park (Laura Sohn). Aram made the announcement when the task force gathered around the burial place of Red’s daughter, Liz Keen (Megan Boone). He told his colleagues: “After a lot of careful reflection, I have decided to take some time away.” His departure coincides with long-running star Amir’s new Broadway role in The Kite Runner, adapted from the book by Khaled Hosseini. Amir has been a crucial member of the main cast since the first season, so long-time fans were naturally distraught to see the agent take his leave. In a statement to Deadline, Amir said: “I have been so honoured to play Aram Mojtabai for nine years on The Blacklist. “It is not lost on me how lucky I am to have been able to work and evolve with a role for nine years with this extraordinary cast, crew, writers and producers. “I could not pass up the opportunity, however, to fulfil a childhood dream of being on Broadway playing ‘Amir’ in The Kite Runner with a stage adaptation that is both breathtaking and timely. DON'T MISS:Ross Kemp hits out as he heralds Jubilee weekend [OPINION]Fear the Walking Dead cast pay tribute after co-star exit [COMMENT]The Boys’ Jensen Ackles explains changes to Soldier Boy [INTERVIEW] “The producers, studio and network have been so supportive of my decision, and Aram remains ‘alive’ with the potential for a possible return at some point. “Story-wise, it feels so organic with the events of this past season to take this step, and I couldn’t have asked for a better outcome.” Elsewhere, Aram’s colleague Alina also said her goodbyes after revealing she was pregnant. Supporting star Laura joined the series in season seven before being upped to series regular for season eight. Both characters did make it out of the new season alive, and Amir has already confirmed there could be a chance to return for special guest appearances down the line. They may also be replaced by new agents in Red’s roster, though any further shake-ups have yet to be announced. However, it seems a number of former fans missed out on the latest changes to the cast according to the new figures. Another blow for The Blacklist could throw the series into dangerous territory when the series returns for its already confirmed 10th season. The Blacklist is available to watch on NBC in America and Amazon Prime Video in the UK.