Good Morning Britain showed a clip of an empty chair with the Westminster backdrop after Downing Street Chief of Staff Stephen Barclay "cancelled" his appearance on the programme. Host Kate Garraway took a swipe at the MP, telling ITV viewers he was "too busy this morning, we don't know why". They were due to discuss Sue Gray's Partygate report which was released on Wednesday. Kate, 55, told viewers: "Coming up, we're going to be joined by Labour's Lisa Nandy. "We would love to speak to Stephen Barclay, Downing Street Chief of Staff. "He is the man - the government minister - we normally speak to them around 8.30. "He's too busy this morning, we don't know why." READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon The MP's cancelled appearance comes a day after the long-awaited report into the Partygate scandal was finally made public. The Prime Minister claimed he had been "vindicated" by the report when he took to the House of Commons as he told Parliament it was time to "move on" from the scandal. Kate added: "The chair is there for you Mr Barclay if you want to go and sit in it, we'd love to talk to you and hear all your points." Ben chimed in: "We'll squeeze you in because of course, undoubtedly, our viewers and everyone at home will want to hear your points, especially today of all days."  Good Morning Britain viewers took to Twitter to comment on the MP's absence from the news programme. Danny Denay remarked: "Minister refuses to appear on #GMB so they (quite rightly) empty-chair them and remind them of their 8.30am slot live on air. Fantastic." Jean Dann added: "Steve Barclay looks like he is not going to face #GMB this morning. Presenters have just shown an empty chair!" Rachel commented: "I see Stephen Barclay ducked out of a “grilling “ on #GMB." DON'T MISS... 'I smelt really bad' Kate Garraway details meeting Prince Charles [VIDEO]'Move on!' GMB fans 'switch off' over Eustice partygate probe [REACTION] Richard Madeley shuts down George Eustice in GMB Partygate row [DEBATE] @Kevinsm17554523 asked: "So Barclay bottling out of talking to GMB? Why is that? What’s he scared of?" (sic) Boris Johnson made a statement on Wednesday where he defended staff who have been working "extremely long hours". He said they are "doing their best" to help the country as it recovers from the coronavirus pandemic. The leader also issued an apology to Parliament, saying: "I also want to say above all that I take full responsibility for everything that took place on my watch.  "Sue Gray's report has emphasised that it is up to the political leadership in Number 10 to take ultimate responsibility and, of course, I do." His apology was for attending an illegal party during lockdown and was fined for breaking coronavirus rules. However, Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer lambasted the Prime Minister's apology, saying: "They set the bar for his conduct lower than a snake's belly and now they expect us to congratulate him as he stumbles over it." Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV. 