Some of the animals were found crammed in cages and infested with worms. Owners John Lowther, 45, and Marina Lowther, 43, yesterday admitted four charges of causing unnecessary suffering to animals under the Animal Welfare Act 2006. John Lowther has been banned from having animals for the rest of his life, reports Leeds Live but both he and Marina Lowther have been spared jail. Speaking after sentencing, RSPCA Inspector Will Lamping said: "It was an upsetting scene that we were confronted with as the puppies were in a really sorry state riddled with worms and parasites. "Unfortunately, we have seen a huge increase in people breeding puppies to sell and unscrupulous dealers breed them in poor condition with no thought for their health and wellbeing. "While we’d always encourage people to rescue a dog we know that lots of families want to take on a puppy and to help them ensure they find a responsible breeder who prioritises the health and welfare of the dogs we believe it is incredibly important that they use a Puppy Contract from the RSPCA website."  The RSPCA found the neglected animals when they followed up on a report that the dogs were in a trailer parked in Appleby-in-Westmorland, Cumbria, during a travellers fair on August 13, 2021. The pair were prosecuted for neglecting 10 of the 14 animals which the RSPCA has now taken in. They had been living in unhygienic conditions in five cages and three pups had a lice infection One German Shepherd puppy was in such poor health that, sadly, a vet decided she needed to be put to sleep to end her suffering but the rest have been rehomed. RSPCA Inspector Keith Hogben, who found the animals, said: "There were many dogs contained in cages. "There was very little natural light in the trailer and a strong smell of ammonia and faeces. As the dogs were being removed from the cattle trailer, the situation became heated as John Lowther and a young boy tried to stop the dogs being removed and loaded into the transport that had arrived."  Vet Helen Gould said in her report: "It is my opinion that this pup (the German Shepherd) died due to a high worm burden with subsequent intestinal damage and secondary bacterial infection." She said the other puppies, who were around six weeks old, all had "a massive worm burden and lice". Their mother also needed treatment for lice and worms. RSPCA vet Roxane Kirton concluded the dogs were housed in accommodation that failed to meet their needs. John Lowther, of Hunsley, Leeds, had suffered from poor mental health which became impacted after the death of a relative, Bradford Crown Court heard. He was handed a 12-week prison sentence suspended for two years. As the dogs did not live with Marina Lowther, the magistrates accepted she only had care of them for a short period of time. Marina was given a 12-month community sentence, including abiding by a six-week curfew, and she will have to pay combined costs and a victim surcharge of £160. 