Vladimir Putin claimed that intervention in Ukraine had been necessary as “the West was preparing for the invasion of [Russia], including Crimea” during his Victory Day parade speech. Former British Ambassador to Russia Sir Tony Brenton commented on the consequences of the possible use of nuclear weapons against Ukraine and urged the West to look for “a dignified way out for Russia” as alternatives would be “too dangerous” to handle. And General Lord Dannatt warned “Ukraine might have to accept a new status quo” as well as end up making some concessions to Russia as a voluntary withdrawal from Russia remains improbable. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Brenton commented: “Even if [Russia] use nuclear weapons in Ukraine alone and make it very clear that they don’t want to get into a confrontation with NATO at a nuclear level, that it the breach of a 70-year-old avoidance by everybody on the use of nuclear weapons. “People like the Iranians, the Egyptians, the Saudis would suddenly also want nuclear weapons. “And we would all be suddenly living in a much more dangerous world. “So we need to find a way to pull away from the threat. “John F. Kennedy, at the moment of the Cuban Missile Crisis, said ‘when you are confronted with a nuclear armed adversary, you do not back them into a total corner’. “You always find a way out.” He concluded: “I think it is rather important that we in the west, and not all Western politicians are acknowledging this, only leave uncovered, but actually look for ways of a dignified way out for Russia. “The alternatives are really too dangerous to contemplate.” READ MORE: Putin's own mouthpiece admits riots could erupt 'tomorrow' Following the claims, Lord Dannatt pointed out: “I think that’s right. “And not only a dignified way out for Russia, but also for Ukraine. “Very interesting that President Zelensky the other day, as far as I am aware, didn’t make any reference about returning Crimea to Ukraine. “When this war stabilises, and the Russians have efficiently shot their balls and used up their remaining combat power, and they have got control that land corridor through the Donbass and the Donbass itself. DON'T MISS: Cummings sets sights on Starmer's exit in call for 'regime change' [WATCH]Keir Starmer ‘cowers’ as he cancels appearance at event [LISTEN]POLL: Is a united Ireland inevitable? [INSIGHT] “That is probably where this thing will go into the deep freeze. “The Russians are not going to withdraw voluntarily. “We might put all the economic sanctions in the world that we’d like on them, but that is going to create enough pressure for the Russians to withdraw from the land they’ve captured. “Ukrainians are probably going to accept a new status quo”. While addressing the nation during the Victory Day parade, Putin also claimed: "Defending the Motherland when its fate is being decided has always been sacred. "Today you are fighting for our people in Donbas, for the security of Russia, our homeland".