Liverpool hero Danny Murphy does not believe his old club has a goalscoring problem. However, former Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan disagrees and says the lack of goals in major matches is a cause for concern for Jurgen Klopp. Liverpool failed to score in all three of their appearances in finals this season. They beat Chelsea in both the Carabao Cup and FA Cup finals via penalty shootouts after goalless draws at Wembley. On Saturday, they went down 1-0 to Real Madrid in the Champions League final despite creating the majority of the game's best chances. Murphy and Jordan had a debate about the situation on talkSPORT on Monday morning. Murphy initially said: "Liverpool scoring goals isn't a problem. You're talking about tight matches. They won both those games against Chelsea." READ MORE: Liverpool told to hijack Man Utd summer signing for Sadio Mane replacement  Jordan responded by asking Murphy about Liverpool's lack of goals against the top sides. He said: "What do you make to the argument, and it's a fair argument, you're not scoring goals in open play against difficult sides that are competing against you, i.e. Chelsea and Real Madrid? But Murphy once again pointed to the fact that Liverpool won two of the three finals they appeared in. He thinks one goal would have been enough on Saturday to secure a seventh Champions League trophy. Murphy replied: "It's not a cause for concern when you win the games. It's not a cause for concern. When you get to the final of big competitions you play against high quality opposition. DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next season [COMMENT]Arsenal face battle to sign the 'new Philipp Lahm' with West Ham and Newcastle keen [TRANSFERS]Transfer News LIVE: Man Utd 'close to agreement', Liverpool blow, Raphinha latest [BLOG]  "Chelsea were Champions of Europe last season from being very good defensively. They lost [on Saturday] and they didn't score, hence the fact they lost the game. "They also scored two in Seville when they lost the game, they scored one against Real Madrid in the last Champions League final and lost. They scored and lost. "Let's talk about the game in isolation, they had nine shots on target. You could argue three of them were world class saves.  "On another day one goes in and you get the job done, and we're not talking about it. Did they freeze? No, they didn't freeze, they played well." However, Jordan reckons Real would have still won at the weekend even if Liverpool had gone ahead. He said: "But there's no guarantee of that. "Here's a pushback on that - Liverpool go behind, they don't come back. Madrid go behind and they do come back.  "So in this instance perhaps if Liverpool went ahead, you said job done, I would wager you Madrid might have come back because they've proven it in every single incarnation." Murphy did not want to dismiss Real's achievement of winning the competition for a 14th time. And he again said how the result is the most important outcome, not the number of goals a team scores. Murphy concluded: "They're all ifs and buts. "I'm not taking anything away from Real Madrid. If you win finals it doesn't matter if you score or don't score. You win or lose, you're judged on whether you win or lose."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here