Long-standing Channel 4 series Location, Location, Location has been airing for 22 years. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, 52-year-old Phil Spencer detailed the secret behind the show's success, explaining that the relatable emotions that come with buying a property are why audiences continue to tune in, as well as the "genuine" nature of the show. "I like to think it's because it is very genuine," Phil replied when asked about the show's long stint. "I guess as a format we are all interested in where we live. "We're not all into gardening or cooking or driving cars or something but we are all interested in where we live. "So as a topic, property has potential. In terms of a TV format, buying a house, deciding whether to sell it or do it up, those are situations that everybody either has been through or would like to go through or knows somebody that's going through it. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge explains 'ridiculous' buy "So it is never straightforward. It's always stressful. It's always emotional. It's always expensive. So there's quite a lot." He added: "There's quite a lot to go at in terms of making a television programme because there are lots of twists and turns and it's very genuine. "Sometimes we get it right, sometimes we don't. But what happens, happens - and it's real. It's very genuine. "And people see it. I think people watch it on the telly because it is very genuine and real." Speaking about the difficulty in getting onto the property market in the current climate and whether he thinks there will be a shit soon, Phil talked about how the world has become fast-paced. "We live in a world nowadays that's quite instant," he commented. "And we like things now and if we can't have it now we don't want it - we don't wait in line or in queues or sit on hold. "If you want something, you go on the internet right now. DON'T MISS... The Repair Shop’s Jay lived among rats after father left with money [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by Rolex value - but missed out on £6K [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts loses everything in scam [THEORY] "And that is the way society is at the moment. And I worry if it becomes too hard, too complicated to either save for a deposit or buy a house, that people will go, 'You know what, I'm just going to rent, I'm going to commit to being a lifetime tenant'. "And there's absolutely nothing wrong with being a tenant, that's not what I'm saying at all. "But when people buy their own homes and they can dig it and they put roots down and they become part of that community for the long-term rather than a perhaps a more transient way of life, where people move around and duck and dive and change jobs and move up and down north and south." He continued: "I think that would change society." On the future of the show, Phil indicated there were no plans to move away from it in the near future. "We are very happy," he commented. "We're trying to develop new programmes, new ideas. "We make 10 Locations a year and we make eight Love It or List Its, and then there's repeats and revisits. "And Kirstie's [Allsopp] got her Christmas show and the craft shows. "I'm developing a programme I'm hoping to be working on in September or October so that there's plenty going on. "We genuinely feel very lucky to have had the amount of work and to be enjoying the work that we do. "And also to be helping people through these big decisions." Location, Location, Location is available to watch on All4.