In a video released by the Ukrainian Armed forces, the artillery units of the 25th separate airborne Sicheslav brigade are seen obliterating three Russian tanks. The three armoured vehicles manoeuvre to the right of a field before being destroyed by the short-range artillery. The Russian forces attempt to flee in their tanks but each vehicle is hit within seconds of each other, causing plumes of white smoke to billow from the immobilised tanks.    The division responsible for the attack, the Sicheslav brigade, is responsible for at least two more attacks on Russian tanks. Footage emerged on May 15, three weeks after Ukraine was invaded, depicting a Russian tank being destroyed by the brigade. Three days later, the brigade released further photos of a Russian T-72 tank being targeted. It is the only Ukrainian Air Assault Force that can be dropped into a location with its armoured vehicles.    More than a quarter of Russia’s battalion tactical groups have been left “combat ineffective” since they invaded on February 24, according to the UK Ministry of Defence. They are believed to have deployed roughly 65 percent of its entire ground combat strength in Ukraine, equating to around 120 groups. The Defence Intelligence update said on Monday: “At the start of the conflict, Russia committed over 120 battalion tactical groups, approximately 65 percent of its entire ground combat strength. “It is likely that more than a quarter of these units have now been rendered combat ineffective.” READ MORE: Russia scrambles as debt deadline looms [INSIGHT]  It added: “Some of Russia's most elite units, including VDV Airborne Forces, have suffered the highest levels of attrition. It will probably take years for Russia to reconstitute these forces.” And their update today said Russia had suffered “failures in both strategic planning and operational execution”. It said: “The modernisation of its physical equipment has not enabled Russia to dominate Ukraine. “Failures both in strategic planning and operational execution have left it unable to translate numerical strength into decisive advantage. DON'T MISS: Putin's 'Doomsday' plane seen near Moscow [REVEAL] Putin could 'tip' France into war with Russia, security analyst warns [REVEAL] Russia bombs Azovstal steel plant where hundreds sheltering [REPORT]   “Russia’s military is now significantly weaker, both materially and conceptually, as a result of its invasion of Ukraine. Recovery from this will be exacerbated by sanctions. “This will have a lasting impact on Russia’s ability to deploy conventional military force.” Russia’s reported failure has led to President Putin allegedly taking charge himself of the Ukrainian invasion. Putin has assumed “day-to-day control” over the conflict, according to a senior EU source, and handed the running of the country to Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin.   