Most dentists provide both public and private care but around 3,000 across England are believed to have ditched NHS work entirely since the start of the pandemic. A survey of high street practitioners found almost half had reduced their NHS commitment since the start of the Covid crisis, and threequarters were likely to make cuts within the next 12 months. Some 45 percent said they were likely to go fully private and 47 percent were considering a career change or early retirement. The British Dental Association, which carried out the survey of 2,200 dentists, blamed workload pressures and a flawed contract system that it says does not fairly reward the specialists' expertise. Shawn Charlwood, chair of the BDA's general dental practice committee, said: "Overstretched and underfunded, thousands of dentists have already left the NHS, but many more have begun severing their ties. "This is how NHS dentistry will die, a lingering decline that, unchecked, will leave millions of patients with no options." Nine in 10 dentists said they had suffered stress, burnout or other mental health problems in the past 12 months, and 86 percent said colleagues had received verbal or physical abuse from patients. Two-thirds said their practices had unfilled vacancies and the top reason was dentists reluctant to work under the current NHS contract. Dental leaders have long warned that the deal, negotiated in 2006, does not fairly reward staff for their work. The system is based on practices agreeing to provide a certain number of units of dental activity (UDAs), with different treatments worth different amounts. But dentists who run through their units ahead of schedule are then unable to be paid for treating any more public patients. Those who fail to hit their targets see part of their budget returned to the Treasury. Dentists also receive the same reward for a patient who needs one filling as a patient who needs 10. This means the targets do not ll f h i allow for the extra time required by high-needs patients. Mr Charlwood said: "This Government has ensured many dentists cannot see a future in this service. Without urgent reform and adequate funding there is little hope that we can halt this exodus."  The Association of Dental Groups (ADG) has warned of "dental deserts" forming, where patients are left without access to care. There is a higher risk of mouth cancers and type two diabetes forming without routine check-ups. Neil Carmichael, chairman of the ADG, said: "Dental deserts are emerging at an alarming rate, including in many 'red wall' constituencies the Government wishes to level up.We're now experiencing an urgent staffing crisis. "The number of NHS dentists working in England [is] at the lowest level for a decade. Bold action needs to be accelerated and we are calling on the Government to bring forward dental contract reform and recruitment of overseas dentists."  Louise Ansari, of Healthwatch England, said access to NHS dentistry was one of the main concerns reported in the last two years. She said the rising cost of living was making it harder for vulnerable patients to afford NHS charges and some are living in pain while others resort to "DIY" procedures. She said: "There is now a deepening crisis, leaving people struggling to get treatment or regular check-ups on the NHS." Minister for Patient Safety and Primary Care Maria Caulfield said: "We are working closely with the NHS to reform the dental system and we are currently negotiating improvements to the contract with the British Dental Association to ensure that working in the NHS remains attractive to dentists. "We have given the NHS £50million to fund up to 350,000 extra appointments and we are growing the workforce so people can get the oral care they need." 