Finding a slimy slug trail in your garden doesn’t quite compare to the horror of finding an army of slugs navigating their way across your kitchen floor. However, slugs can and do make their way into UK homes throughout the year. One of the reasons slugs may venture into your house is because they are drawn to cool, dark or moist areas. As a result of this, older homes can be much more susceptible to slugs taking up residency. Another reason slugs might come indoors is in search of pet food. These critters have a particularly good sense of smell, so can sniff out pet food with ease, especially if it's a rainy night. READ MORE: 3 ‘natural scents’ to deter rats from your garden According to Country Living: "The Yellow Cellar slug mostly eats mould and algae but can also be found eating leftovers, pet food and compost. "It is attracted to dark damp refuges such as vents and drains. "It is strictly nocturnal, which is why often only the mucous trails are seen in unexpected indoor places, the slug having already retreated by the morning." DON'T MISSHomes Under the Hammer couple spend eye-watering £200k on project [INSIGHT]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [COMMENT]House prices MAPPED: Average house sold prices in the UK [MAPPED] The most obvious way to stop slugs from getting into your home is to identify their entry point and block it up. Most often, these posts tend to be external back doors, gaps and cracks, or old vents. However, blocking up an entry point is not always an option, but there are some other natural methods of getting rid of slugs without introducing chemicals into your property. Salt will definitely kill slugs on impact, and a band across entry points will deter them. However, stepping over a line of salt every time you want to access your backdoor, for example, is not practical. You also need to be careful not to tread salt into your outdoor spaces as it can kill off plants. Copper tape is often recommended to deter slugs from invading plant pots. However, it can also be used in areas you commonly find them in your home. The texture of copper tape emits a small charge when the slugs touch it. Though this does not harm them, it can work to keep them at bay. Slug traps use sugar liquids, such as soft drinks or even beer, to lure the slugs inside. Ready-made slug traps can lure slugs in without killing them. Once in, the slugs find it hard to find their way back out. Country Living said: “This can be a humane way to get rid of slugs in the house but make sure you empty the trap far enough away for your house so they won't come back in.” You can also make your own beer trap by filling a container half full with beer and leaving it near a problem area. The issue with homemade traps, however, is that they are not always humane.