Her initial aim was to make the benefits of nature available to all. We now know, especially after Covid, how vital a healthy environment is to wellbeing. What Octavia may not have known is how important nature would be to our very survival as a species and how preserving and restoring nature would play a central role in preventing our planet from overheating. Today the charity finds itself at the heart of tackling the climate crisis and, like everyone else recovering from the pandemic, it has transformed our relationship with the physical and cultural landscape. We collectively stand on the precipice of huge change. This bears enormous responsibility but also an opportunity to ensure we do something important and protect some of the most special places in England, Northern Ireland and Wales for future generations, accessible to all cross-sections of society. The National Trust is one of the UK’s great institutions and we want everyone to feel they have a stake in it and the places we care for. That is why 95 per cent of the land we look after is free to access, but I want to go further by ensuring that barriers to the countryside are removed and we can start levelling up access to green space. This includes creating green corridors which allow unfettered access from urban areas to the countryside, welcoming walking groups from all backgrounds to our places and “turning grey green” by planting blossom circles in cities including Coventry, Newcastle, Nottingham and Plymouth. The Trust’s motto is “For everyone, for ever” and this means hearing the opinions not just of engaged volunteers and members but of the wider public we serve. High on my agenda will be finding ways to get more people involved. The pandemic has been incredibly challenging but in some ways beneficial. Many, in lockdown, found a digital doorway to the past, through the virtual museum, mansion house and gallery tours and through historic collections curated online. This is to be celebrated. My love of historic buildings, collections and gardens is one that will make being chair a joy as well as a job. Our collections give a perspective on thousands of years of history and it is this that gets us into the skins of those who have lived before. An appreciation of history and heritage can connect us not just to those who have passed but to those who live around us now. And to think carefully about generations to come. History and heritage encourage us to want to pass on all that we love, all that we have been given, to those who will come after. So, what of the next generation and the future of properties, collections, gardens and landscapes? Two words ring loudest in my ears: climate change. It may not have been in the sights of the Trust’s 19th-century founders but it is fundamentally a conservation challenge and we must adapt to safeguard the places we were set up to look after. Another passion of mine is to work beyond our boundaries to benefit the nation. Whether this means working with community groups to bring blossom to Birmingham, with charities to tackle the climate crisis or with musicians to bring live music back to The Beatles’ houses, we will continue to pursue the mission our founders set out. Historic Interest and Natural Beauty is how they put it and that’s what we’re all about. We are successful because the mission is enduring and inspiring, each generation comes to a love of the places in our care. We are on course to welcome our six millionth member this year. Our world has changed greatly since the National Trust was set up in 1895. What started as a small collection of isolated properties has become one of the most valuable and unique resources in the world. Back to Octavia’s original vision, how wonderful it would be if everyone, regardless of where they lived, could one day take a short walk from their home to a vibrant green space to relax, think, exercise, meet friends, or contemplate nature. This is within our reach – and something I like to think would make Octavia proud.