Ms Tominey discussed the up and coming Platinum Jubilee, which is just weeks away. The British journalist discussed the possibility of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex attending the Jubilee ceremony at Buckingham Palace. Ms Tominey explained that Harry and Meghan would benefit from keeping up their Royal titles if they came in attendance, as well as it being helpful for them to stay in contact with the Queen. She then went on to discuss how The Queen has always maintained the stance that they will always be much-loved members of the Royal Family. Ms Tominey told the Telegraph: "Well what to Harry and Meghan derive from not coming? "Not much because they have to keep up their Royal ties because it's obviously helpful for them to be in contact with The Queen. "And for the public to know that not just in the UK but also in America, we don't know for instance what role Netflix had in filming them making that visit to Windsor Castle some weeks ago. "If they didn't come however it would really represent that kind of total separation of powers. JUST IN: Have Your Say: Should Charles apologise to Canada? 'It’s not enough'  "And they don't really want that, neither side does because The Queen has always insisted that they remain much-loved members of the family. "Regardless of what may have been said and done on Oprah or elsewhere. "So they want to be part of the celebrations, they're also going to have favourable publicity on the back of the fact that they're bringing their children, Archie and Lilibet who the Queen hasn't even met to see her on this momentous weekend. READ MORE: Russian soldier accused of war crimes pleads guilty to killing civilian in landmark trial    Ms Markle has an up and coming podcast which is set to be released on Spotify later on this year. Along with her and Harry's Netflix deal, some other Royal experts have been claiming that they're milking the use of their Royal titles, despite stepping away from the Royal Institution. Other Royal experts have claimed that Harry and Meghan would be happy to come back and join the fold. Kinsey Schofield, the founder of royals site ToDiForDaily.com, told The Express.co.uk that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would be “eager” to return to the UK and play a part-time role in the Royal Family. Ms Schofield said: “I think they would be willing to come back and live there for six months. "We see that Prince Harry is not willing to give up Frogmore Cottage. His life is there, his friends are there and his blood is there. “I do think that Harry and Meghan would be eager to go back and to explore that option.”    Both Buckingham Palace and Harry and Meghan have issued comments about the up and coming Jubilee. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." Buckingham Palace released its own statement which read:  “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided that this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2, will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen.”