Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media after she started to share unusual cleaning tricks online. The cleaning guru has more than four million followers and now shares more about her day-to-day family life instead. Her fans now share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to clean oven glass. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Cheryl McNeill wrote: “Does anyone have any tips for cleaning inside the oven? Especially the glass tips.” After cooking in the oven, splattered bits of food can build up on the oven window. If not cleaned regularly, this can end up clouding the glass, making it extremely hard to remove. Luckily, Mrs Hinch fans shared their top tips online, including using a dishwasher tablet. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘magic’ product to remove mould in 'seconds' Jackie Llic said: “Use dishwasher tablets, oven will be sparkling.” Roch Jess wrote: “I second that. I spent an hour trying to scrub it with various different products. “Used a dishwasher tablet and the grime slid off. Just rinse under warm water and scrub with the tablet. Lidl’s tablets are the best.” Lidl sells a pack of 40 dishwasher tablets for just £3.19, working out at around seven pence per tablet. DON'T MISS:Aloe vera: ‘Best tip’ when repotting houseplant [EXPLAINER]Upcycling hacks to ‘instantly breathe new life’ into your garden [INSIGHT]Effective methods to ‘eliminate’ lawn weeds including dandelions [COMMENT] Claire Howard said: “Dishwasher tablets all the way, lifesaver.” Dishwasher tablets are made of concentrated dishwasher detergent which help to cut through grease and grime. This makes them ideal for using on food grease and stains too. Others recommended using The Pink Stuff Miracle Cleaning Paste by Stardrops. The company behind the pink paste claims the list of surfaces it can be used on is “endless”. They said: “The Pink Stuff Miracle Cleaning Paste is perfect for cleaning dirt, grime, and stains on saucepans, cooker tops, sinks, uPVC, barbecues, ceramic tiles, glass, showers, garden furniture, paintwork, boats, brass and rust…the list is endless. “Its natural formulation has been developed to provide high performance without the need for harsh chemicals.” Some Mrs Hinch fans suggested the Oven Pride Cleaning System, a single usage all-in-one deep cleaning method. It involves placing the oven shelves in a bag with a cleaning solution. It can also be used to tackle the inside of the oven too. Edie Benjamin said: “I won’t use anything other than Oven Pride.” Rebecca James wrote: “Oven Pride cleaning system, more expensive than other techniques but needs cleaning less often.”