Gogglebox's Marcus and Mica got the fright of their lives while watching the 2009 film, Drag Me To Hell, on the most recent episode of the Channel 4 show. With tension building in the scene, a scary moment was bound to happen - however, the comical Gogglebox veterans were shocked when a spooky mishap took place a bit too close for comfort.  As the supernatural horror unfolded, Marcus and Mica sat at home as the film got to the scene where Mrs Ganush (played by Lorna Raver) asked loan officer Christine Brown (Alison Lohman) for a loan. Denying the elderly Mrs Ganush a loan turned out to have bigger repercussions than expected, and just before exiting the bank, the customer lashed out at the clerk. Jumping forward at the young Christine as she tried to apologise, many of the Gogglebox cast members jumped up in their armchairs. Mica let out a shocked: "What the f**k!" Read More: Sam Heughan: Can Outlander star really speak Gaelic? As her long-term partner Marcus bolted upright, firmly saying: "No!" In his speedy reaction, Marcus jumped up and swung the cushion over his head, possibly to shield his eyes or just in surprise. The shock didn't end there, and with his heart still racing, the cushion ricocheted off of the artwork behind him and caused it to come crashing down. Mica's scream soon turned to laughter as her partner was battered with the colourful painting.  Taking a second to realise that it was just the artwork and nothing more sinister, Marcus' concerned look soon turned to a smirk as the pair burst into laughter. The comical accident also softened the startlement for viewers at home. Viewer Michelle Pryde said: "I am absolutely SCREAMING at everyone watching Drag Me to Hell. The picture falling off the wall has ended me @MicaAndTheGang #Gogglebox." Lynn Parnell had been on a rollercoaster of emotions during Friday's episode and commented: "Our light hearted end of week watch is @C4Gogglebox, normally with lots of laughter. DON’T MISS…'Bit of a surprise' Vera's Mark Edwards star speaks out on show return [LATEST]Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue from final scene [LATEST]A Discovery of Witches star hints at series return 'There's plenty more stories'[LATEST] "Tonight the laughter turned to blubbing at The Repair Shop & hiding behind a cushion watching K's facial expressions for the film Drag Me To Hell. Now looking for other TV to wind down." (sic) Chloe Stothers had the same reaction as the cast and tweeted: "Omg I just had to hide behind a cushion when watching that clip of Drag Me To Hell on #Gogglebox I just s**t myself that is too scary man @C4Gogglebox." (sic) "Oh my god They are watching Drag Me To Hell. It's brilliant #Gogglebox," Jay Baker joked. Daniel Angelini wanted the cameras to keep rolling and stated: "Would've been fun to see the #Gogglebox reactions to Drag Me to Hell's ending."  The last instalment of the show took viewers on a journey. Brother and sister duo Pete and Sophie Sandiford also broke down in tears as an emotional clip of The Repair Show was aired. Repairing a Jewish prayer book that had survived a concentration camp for a grandson had the pair welling up, but when The Repair Shop expert Chris Shaw, while holding back tears, said: "It is the most important book I will ever repair," they lost it. Sophie commented: "God, he is breaking my heart." You can watch Gogglebox at 9pm Fridays on Channel 4 