Posting on the official Twitter page of the two royals, Prince William and Kate wished the youngster a happy birthday alongside a photo of Harry and Meghan and other members of the firm. The photo shared includes Kate and William, Harry and Meghan, Meghan's mum Doria Ragland, Prince Charles and Camilla, as well as two of the late Princess Diana's sisters. The royal couple wrote: "Wishing Archie a very happy 3rd Birthday today." It is the same photo used in the Cambridge's birthday post to Archie when he turned two last year. It's believed that none of Archie's royal relatives have seen the birthday boy since his parents quit as senior working royals to start a new life in California two years ago.    The Cambridge's public post comes amid speculation about their relationship with the Sussexes. Rumours of the rift between the two couples first circulated in 2019 after Prince Harry said in an ITV documentary that he and his older brother were "on different paths". Since then, it's been reported that the two brothers have been caught up in a feud for several years which is said to have stemmed from William's concerns over Harry's fast-developing relationship with Meghan. The Sussexes' tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey last year is understood to have further exacerbated the rift between the two couples as Harry claimed his older brother was "trapped" within the firm. READ MORE: Queen gives up garden parties, leaving tradition to younger royals During the bombshell discussion, Meghan also claimed that Kate made her cry a few days before her wedding to Prince Harry, over issues related to the flower girl's dresses - adding to the rumours of the couple's alleged feud. However, the birthday tribute to the couple's oldest child shows that the tension may be subsiding. As well as the post from Kate and William, other members of the Royal Family also marked the occasion by sharing a selection of sweet throwback photos with Archie on social media. The Queen shared a photo of her smiling at the youngster, while Meghan holds him in her arms, taken shortly after his birth. DON'T MISS: Kate amazes royal fans with subtle message hidden in outfit [INSIGHT]Nurse fined after pulling into bus lane to let ambulance pass [COMMENT]Royal LIVE: Sussexes have 'nothing to show' as Firm 'needs them back' [ANALYSIS]  The youngster is believed to be celebrating his special day with parents Meghan and Harry at their home in California. It will also be the first birthday Archie has celebrated with his little sister Lilibet who was born in June 2021. For their son's birthday last year, Meghan and Harry asked for charity donations to be made to mark the occasion, calling to aid the distribution of Covid vaccinations around the world. For his first birthday, the parents released a video of Meghan reading Archie the popular children's tale Duck! Rabbit!  