The housing market across Britain is continuing to represent strong value for money for sellers, many of whom are able to close a deal within a matter of weeks. Despite the effects of the Covid pandemic, house prices have continued to rise sharply in the past year, adding tens of thousands to the value of many people’s homes. According to the latest House Price Index, the average English property grew in value by 9.9 percent in the year to March 2022. But compared with February 2022, this figure was down somewhat from 11 percent. A typical home is now estimated to be worth £297,524, which represents the greatest figure out of all four nations that make up the British Isles. So, taking a closer look at the results, which areas in England demonstrated the highest house price growth between March 2021 and 2022?  READ MORE: Father-of-two runs off with Ukrainian refugee after ten days In first place is the North West district of Hyndburn where house prices grew a whopping 22.6 percent year-on-year. The average property is now valued in the Lancashire area at £129,055, compared with £105,284 a year previously. Taking second spot is the Oxfordshire district, Cherwell, where house prices swelled by 22.1 percent. A typical home in the area is now valued at £377,847, indicating a rise of nearly £70,000.  Torridge, in North Devon, won third place with annual house price growth of 20.8 percent. Meanwhile, Kensington and Chelsea (20.3 percent) and North Devon (19 percent) came in at fourth and fifth place respectively. The remaining areas that finished in the top 10 are as follows: Fenland - 19.2 percentSouth Holland - 18.9 percentEast Cambridgeshire - 18.8 percentTest Valley - 17.9 percentWorthing - 17.8 percent  DON'T MISS: Property: How to avoid ‘biggest mistake’ when painting house exterior [EXPLAINER]'Total lack of respect!' Welsh fury over houses given English names [INSIGHT]Fury over plans to make former RAF base in tiny village asylum centre [NEWS] Increased competition from buyers has been attributed by market analysts as the main reason for the unprecedented growth in house prices. Though activity slumped somewhat in the pandemic the housing market has been propped up by Government wage support schemes. As soon as the market unfroze prices have been able to keep rising thanks to the decision by ministers to intervene with stamp duty cuts, which has also subsidised the housing industry.  At present there is thought to be more than twice as many buyers as sellers, giving way to an uneven mismatch between supply and demand. Those who choose to sell now may get a higher return on their property but they will also be thrown into a fiercely competitive housing market. But estate agents have reported those who have a buyer lined up, subject to contract, are in a much stronger position than individuals who have yet to sell. In fact, these ‘power buyers’ are more likely to get the property that they want and negotiate the best deal on price. 