Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles will make a special cameo in EastEnders this Thursday as part of celebrations to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The BBC soap has confirmed a new take on the iconic theme tune will be aired at the end of the episode. New images released also show Linda Carter (played by Kellie Bright) a cake which will be cut by the Duchess of Cornwall. The special theme tune has been composed by the original theme tune composer Simon May. It will play as the Walford residents celebrate the royal visit and make a toast to the Queen’s 70 years reign. Chris Clenshaw, Executive Producer, said: “To have Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall not only visit us all in Walford but to also appear in an episode, we felt it was only right that we marked this extremely momentous episode with a fitting tribute and what better way than to wish Their Royal Highnesses on their way from Albert Square than with a special Jubilee version of our iconic theme tune, remastered by the very talented Simon May.” Earlier this month, the BBC soap confirmed the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall would guest star in an episode. Read more: EastEnders theory: Denise Fox heartbroken as Jack embarks on affair The couple will star as themselves as they join Walford residents in Albert Square to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The scenes were filmed in March when Charles and Camilla visited the EastEnders set. EastEnders fans will know Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) announced plans to throw a Jubilee party. His estranged wife Linda threw herself into the planning while Rocky Cotton (Brian Conley) is using the occasion to try and win over Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy). Rocky planned to invite the Queen to the party before learning Sonia’s favourite member of the Royal Family was Camilla. EastEnders fans will have to wait and see exactly how the reformed conman’s plan comes to fruition. In newly released pictures, Linda can be seen presenting a cake which has been cut by Camilla. EastEnders star Kellie commented: “I did think what amazing sports that they are just willing to do it. DON'T MISSEastEnders’ Jean Slater star details heartbreaking message from fan [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Double exit for Janine and Scarlett [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Zack Hudson arrested over Jada lies [SPOILER] “I just thought wow, they’ve never done anything like this before. “They didn’t really know what to expect, I mean it must have been nerve-wracking for them and completely out of their norm.” “So I just hope they enjoyed it as much as we did!” Kellie added. Chris Clenshaw, Executive Producer added: “We are truly honoured to have both The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall appear in what is set to be one of EastEnders’ most special episodes. “Linda Carter is naturally in her element and giddy with excitement as their Royal Highnesses arrive in Walford but it wasn’t just her as for all of us at EastEnders it was an extremely special day that will go down in EastEnders’ history.” Julia’s Theme was an alternative version of the usual theme tune named after on the show’s creators, Julia Smith. It’s been used 73 times as of 17 March 2022 and is slower version of the tune played usually after the departure of a long serving character. There was a variation of Julia’s Theme titled Peggy’s Theme in honour of Peggy Mitchell (Barbara Windsor). These EastEnders scenes will air on BBC One Thursday at 7.30pm.