The Prime Minister said the country has the “fiscal firepower to help families up and down the land” and pledged that the Chancellor “will be saying more on this in the days to come”. The scale of public concern demands that Mr Johnson addresses soaring prices. He will also understand that the use of fiscal firepower must be coupled with fiscal responsibility. The UK needs to deal with its post-pandemic debt and vital public services – in particular the NHS and social care – are in great need of investment. The best minds in Downing St and the Treasury will be debating how to use limited funds to intervene to protect British families in a global crisis. The most serious pressure points will soon become clear and we can expect strategic moves in the autumn. When Boris Johnson won the keys to No10, secured a landslide and delivered Brexit, he would not have imagined that the rest of his premiership would be defined by the pandemic and its aftermath. But there is positivity and ambition in his programme for government; despite the headwinds, the PM is pushing forward with gusto. The poignancy of a Queen’s Speech being delivered in the absence of the Queen was not lost on Prince Charles yesterday as he gazed at the Imperial State Crown. For the first time, the 73-year-old heir to the throne delivered the speech. The monarch’s health challenges may have prevented her attending the ceremony, but her presence was keenly felt. Doubtless, like people across the nation and the world, she will have watched the proceedings. She can be assured that people treasure every day of her continuing reign, that she was deeply missed today, and that the contribution she makes to the life of our country is as valued as it is unique. It is perhaps no surprise that whoever purchased Andy Warhol’s Shot Sage Blue Marilyn for £158million chose to remain anonymous. They would be famous for more than 15 minutes for splashing out so spectacularly for this image of Marilyn Monroe. Warhol was touched with genius and we hope the buyer enjoys looking at this iconic work, but in a few centuries – when people are still moved and inspired by the likes of Rembrandt and Michelangelo – the world may wonder whether he or she might have overpaid.