The Labour Leader has already faced accusations of misleading Parliament after it emerged Labour deputy leader Angela Rayner was at the Durham Miners Hall gathering despite claims she was not. Labour have insisted it was a “mistake made in good faith” while Keir Starmer has said it “makes absolutely no difference” as no rules had been broken at the gathering that happened as coronavirus restrictions were in force. Durham police declared they would not investigate the event though Tory MPs like Richard Holden are urging the force to reconsider. The Mail on Sunday has revealed that the Radisson Blu hotel in Durham was where Sir Keir stayed, and the hotel restaurant was serving food on the terrace until 9pm. When the Labour leader was interviewed on LBC Radio in January following the drinks, he claimed his colleagues had before returning to work in Durham said: “No restaurants were open, no pubs were open. “The hotel we were staying in had no food, they didn’t run food. So, if you didn’t get a takeaway then our team wasn’t eating that evening.” The event occurred on 30 April last year when mixed socialising indoors was banned.  A source from the Radisson Blu hotel said: “I can’t tell you how many people were with him, but he had a lot of aides. “At the time, we were serving limited food and there was room service. “It wasn’t like the first lockdown when the bar and restaurant were closed.” On Sunday, a Tory source told the Mail on Sunday: “When Keir Starmer was first asked about this, he claimed he had to drink alcohol and eat inside with others because his hotel wasn’t serving food. “This now appears to be false. The same people who have been caught twice misleading the public about this are asking them to believe Keir Starmer stopped working at 10pm on a Friday to drink beers with activists then returned to work. READ MORE: How to save money: Cut Tesco food shop to just £13 a week  “Nobody does this. Labour should come clean now and refer this matter to the police.” Guido Fawkes noted that the Labour leader and deputy leader are out of excuses as the account tweeted: “Turns out that Keir’s Radisson Blu hotel in Durham did serve food. “So that excuse for the beer and curry session has gone #durhampartygate.” Sir Keir spoke on Sky News reaffirming the party made a “genuine mistake” saying Ms Rayner was not at the campaigning event where he was photographed drinking beer with activists. DON'T MISS: Tracker poll: Labour blow as Tories close the gap over partygate (POLL)May lawn care tips: ‘Focus on weeding and feeding’ grass this month (INSIGHT)Irish tourists given 'preferential treatment' to Brits at airport (REVEAL)  He added: “I know what is going on here, we have got an election on Thursday and there are just MPs trying to throw mud around because they have got nothing to say on the central issue of the cost of living.” Sir Keir insisted: “Everything that we, the Labour Party did, was in accordance with the rules. “That is a huge contrast to the position of the Government.” A spokesperson for Labour said: “Keir Starmer was in the workplace, meeting a local MP in her constituency office and participating in an online Labour Party event. “They paused for food as the meeting was during the evening. No rules were broken.” 