The Duke of York's eldest daughter is expected to "help her grandmother the Queen" after becoming "much more confident" following starting a family and getting married, royal authors have said.  The Queen's granddaughter also visited the Royal Windsor Horse Show earlier this month, with the Queen also in attendance. In April, she also joined the Swedish royals in Stockholm to attend an event for the World Dyslexia Assembly in Sweden. Royal expert Angela Levin described the Princess as "reliable" and "trusted" by the firm. Ms Levin also said she had become "much more confident" since becoming a mother and marrying Edoardo in 2020. READ MORE: Charles will find it ‘very hard’ to follow Queen’s mantra as king Speaking to FEMAIL, the royal biographer said: "I think [Beatrice] is a trusted member of the royal family and seen as somebody who is sound. "When her father was going to be interviewed by Emily [Maitlis for BBC Newsnight in 2019], she was the one who told him not to do it. "And now she is married and a mother, she is seen as much more confident". According to Ms Levin, Beatrice has also always been seen as "having good judgement" and being "reliable". DON'T MISS: Queen set to extend 'special gesture' to Harry and Meghan for Jubilee [INSIGHT]Charles will find it ‘very hard’ to follow Queen’s mantra as king [ANALYSIS]Platinum Jubilee celebrations: Boris Johnson names the Queen Elizabeth [COMMENT] In September 2021, the Princess have birth to her only child Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi but despite still being a relatively new mum, Beatrice is happy to be out getting involved in royal events. Ms Levin said: "She has a baby but has a top Norland nanny to take over when necessary. So I think she enjoys doing royal events with her husband and has the ability and wherewithal to do them". She added: "Princess Beatrice is a lovely person and I imagine she wants to help her grandmother as much as she can". Her father, Prince Andrew, stepped down from his public duties in 2019 after becoming embroiled in a civil sexual assault case. Since then he has been stripped of his military titles and royal patronages but continues to maintain his innocence. 