Chelsea ace Romelu Lukaku is reportedly on for a return to Inter Milan, with the Italian club preparing a £64million package to secure his services. Lukaku has flopped at Stamford Bridge since signing for the club for a second time last summer. Chelsea shelled out £97.5m to prise Lukaku away from Inter after the Belgium striker had enjoyed two scintillating seasons in Serie A. And his return to west London was met with rapturous scenes as he was tipped to light up the Premier League once again. Things started well for Lukaku at the start of last season as he banged in four goals in his first four games for Chelsea. But his campaign soon nosedived as he struggled to find the back of the net. And he was eventually dropped from Thomas Tuchel’s starting line-up following an explosive interview with Sky Italia, where he revealed he wanted to return to the San Siro. Lukaku struggled for game time towards the latter stages of the season and ended the campaign with 15 goals in 44 appearances. And he may now be granted his wish of pulling on the Inter shirt once again. According to Sportitalia, Inter are willing to offer Chelsea £12.75m to sign Lukaku on loan - and they would hand him a salary of £6m after tax. Their deal would also include an option to buy him for up to £51m next summer. A meeting between Inter chiefs and Lukaku’s lawyer is reportedly scheduled for Tuesday, with one condition of the transfer stipulating it must happen before the end of June. “I'm just not very happy with the situation, but that's normal,” Lukaku said in December as he spoke about his role at Chelsea. “I think the boss has decided to play a different formation but I have to stick at it and get on with it professionally. I'm not happy with the situation but it's my job and I mustn't give up. DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next seasonMan Utd look set to sign another Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and NaniLiverpool told to hijack Man Utd summer signing for Sadio Mane replacement    “I don't think any of it should have happened the way it did. The way I left Inter and the way I communicated with the Inter fans. I'm annoyed about that because it's not the right time now but it wasn't the right time when I left either. I always said that I love Inter and I'll play for them again. I really hope so. I fell in love with Italy.” Lukaku later apologised for his comments but his performances took a hit following his revelations and he was only handed eight Premier League starts in 2022 as Kai Havertz was often preferred by Tuchel to lead the frontline. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 