A pristine-looking Rover 800 is to be auctioned as the nation celebrates the Queen’s Jubilee and it comes with a logbook that enigmatically suggests it may have been owned by Her Majesty. One nod to the provenance of the car is that it has been fastidiously kept in temperature controlled storage. Although it was known to have been delivered to the Royal household, there is no owner name listed on the logbook. Instead the entry reads only ‘Buckingham Palace’ and when the car was last sold it was mysteriously done so as having ‘one lady owner’. Usually, cars owned by Royals will have their names listed on logbooks, but those owned by the Queen will not. And this Rover 800 Mk2 certainly seems to have been maintained in a way that a butler would be proud of. READ MORE: UK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park Auction site Car and Classic will be putting the car under the hammer at an event that sees donations going to the Prince Philip Trust Fund. The Rover is an 827 2.7 litre V6 in British racing green with a beautifully maintained interior featuring the original leather and wood. Records show it was supplied new to Buckingham Palace by Royally-approved dealer Thomas Day Motors of Fleet in Hampshire. The car also comes with a binder of extensive paperwork, handbooks, manuals, magazine features and invoices. DON'T MISSFury over parking fines handed out to elderly drivers [SHOCKING]Tourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis shows drivers how to save money on airport parking [ADVICE] Car & Classic Head of Editorial Chris Pollitt said: “Even if there was no royal connection at all, the original, excellent overall condition of this Rover would be of interest to the classic car connoisseur. “British modern classics of the ‘90s are, in general, enjoying a deserved renaissance, but this particular 1993 Rover Sterling strikes a special note within the current Jubilee celebrations, and would be the ultimate anniversary gift to one’s collection.” The Royal Family have always had a long love affair with cars, from Prince Charles’ classic blue Aston Martin to William and Kate taking delivery of the latest Range Rover before the public were able to get one. The couple were seen stepping out of the facelifted £100,000 car at a St Patrick’s Day parade earlier this year. The flagship Range Rover SUV has been completely redesigned for 2022, with a minimalist design and a starting price of £94,000. The company has been making cars for the Royals since 1951 and holds three Royal warrants. The ultra-luxurious SUV is packed with the finest materials and futuristic touches, while the engines have been designed with emissions and performance in mind. Land Rover says: “True to its roots, and ready for the future, Range Rover is available with plug-in hybrid and mild hybrid options. A fully‑electric Range Rover will join the family in 2024.” That model does 0-60 in a staggering 5.8 seconds and goes on to a top speed of 150mph. As the Royal version is likely to be the long wheelbase it would certainly carry a six-figure price tag. The latest fifth generation Range Rovers also feature seven seats for the first time which might come in handy for the couple’s three children. And with under 30g/km of emissions and a vegan interiror they’ll stay on brother Harry’s good side.