Dublin Airport saw long queues over the weekend, as more than 50,000 passengers were due to depart, but over 1,000 of them missed their flights. News of the chaos reached the Irish Government who have asked to speak to the Airport’s operator about the delays and how to prevent them in the future. The Minister of State for International Transport, Hildegarde Naughton, met with the management of airport operator DAA to understand what happened. The conversation also turned to how to improve ahead of the Jubilee weekend and summer holidays when lots of flights will be taken. The ministry said it expressed “immense disappointment and frustration at the unacceptable scenes” that occurred at the airport over the weekend. DAA’s interim head of communications Kevin Cullinane told RTE’s Morning Ireland today: “We’re doing our level best to make sure that everyone makes their flights this weekend.” READ MORE: Benidorm chaos as pubs could be forced to close early “We’re conscious that we let ourselves - we let the nation down yesterday.” As a result, DAA said it would offer compensation for any passenger that had missed their flight. Passengers who were due to leave Dublin yesterday have also been given the option of booking flights today without an additional cost. “We will look at each case on a case-by-case basis,” Kevin added. “We’ll be doing our level best to make sure that nobody will be out of pocket for missing a flight as a result of these queues at Dublin Airport.” DON'T MISS...June 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [EXPERT]How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ [CLEANING]How to make a Victoria sponge - Mary Berry recipe [VIDEO] The DAA also explained how they will be adding security lanes and more officers to help ease congestion. Passengers have faced lengthy waits and scenes of disorder at Dublin Airport in recent months. The airport has previously said it is trying to rebound from the impact of the pandemic and has blamed shortages in fully trained staff working at the country’s busiest airport. An additional 370 security staff are due to start working at the airport in June. In terms of what the situation looks like as of this afternoon, Terminal 1 seems clear of delays, but length queues could be expected at Terminal 2 for the next couple of hours. Alison Cowzer, shared a picture of a security queue, and the board read a 25 minute wait to get through the checks. Alongside the image, she commented: “Dublin airport quiet enough, no chaos outside, only 25 mins through security. “Now what do I with the extra 5 hours till flight time?” Aidan Cuffe tweeted: “Just in T2. Empty. 4 hours ahead of flight for nothing. This airport is just bizarre. #dublinAirport.” Jeni Ator said: “For anyone wondering… it took me 40 min to get thru bag drop and security at T2 Dublin airport this afternoon. Definitely not the same problems as yesterday.” Tommy added: “#DublinAirport through t2 bag drop and security in under an hour…” Robyn explained the situation in Terminal 1: “No queues to get into T1 #DublinAirport you can’t do bag drip until 3 hours before your flight so we’re just chilling. All being managed very well, but defo give yourself extra time.” Kyle shared: “I went through security a few hours ago and it took me 50 minutes from entering to getting my bag out of scanner.” Dublin Airport is not the only travel hub to come under stress from an overwhelming amount of people wanting to travel. Thousands of holidaymakers looking to jet off this week have found their flights have been cancelled. Having preemptively axed 240 flights over the weekend, easyJet cancelled two more services at the last minute from Gatwick this morning. An hour before departure, the budget carrier announced flights to Seville and Rome were not taking place. At Bristol and Manchester airports, many Tui and Jet2 passengers are departing two or three hours behind schedule. Outside the UK, travellers at Amsterdam’s Schiphol airport also reported similarly chaotic scenes. Britons waited for two hours outside the terminal amid half term holiday chaos, with flights jetting off without passengers who were stuck in queues.