Tiger Woods left a crowd of golf fans in hysterics following a prank on fellow PGA Tour star Collin Morikawa. Both Woods and Morikawa shared their wisdom whilst out on the driving range, when the pair were seen hitting a number of wedge shots and giving tips to those fans watching on. During the session Woods took the chance to play a prank on his fellow tour pro whilst talking through their routine when playing a wedged approach shot. The pair began by hitting a number of balls with their 60 degree wedge, before Tiger suggested the pair moved on to hitting their 56 degree club. Morikawa of course obliged however when he turned round to his bag to find the club he looked a little confused. Revealing he was unable to see his 56 wedge, the Open champion said: “You know I had 20 clubs in my bag this morning and I think I might have taken out my 56, so I’m stuck with a 60.” Little did Morikawa know though that Woods had already made his way through his bag prior to the request and taken the club in question, without the two-time major winner knowing. Seemingly giving the game up, Tiger handed Morikawa back the stolen club, however the joke was not over yet. JUST IN: Sergio Garcia's furious PGA Tour rant hints players may follow Phil Mickelson's Saudi lead As the 82-time PGA Tour champion continued his tutorial to the crowd - who were more than aware of Woods’ prank - Morikawa continued to hit balls down the range without being aware it was in fact his club he was swinging. Woods then revealed to the crowd: “I don’t even have a 56 [degree wedge],” to which the still oblivious 25-year-old replied: “Oh so this isn’t even yours?” Unable to hold in his chuckle and the rest of the prank the golfing icon responded: “That’s yours!” Which was met by hysterical laughter from the crowd, as Morikawa added: “Oh it is? I wasn’t paying attention!” Woods made his remarkable return to golf last month, following a fairytale comeback at the Masters, 14 months on from suffering severe injuries in a car crash. DON'T MISSLee Westwood defends Saudi golf decision with Newcastle United comparisonTiger Woods' Masters wisdom credited for spurring star's masterclass in MexicoTiger Woods outlined bold plans and revealed why his comeback was on during Masters dinner   Whilst the six-time green jacket winner appeared at Augusta, the American reiterated that he would continue to play on the PGA Tour part-time due to the effects of the accident. Woods will be back in action this month though, after his entry into the 2022 PGA Championship at Southern Hills was confirmed in April. As well as this the 46-year-old also set to tee it up at the third major of the campaign in June, with confirmation of his entry into next month’s US Open also revealed alongside his PGA commitment. Woods will then look to make a clean sweep of appearances in the calendar’s four majors, after he told Sky Sports following his final round at the Masters that he would be making the trip to St Andrews for the 150th Open Championship in July. 