Rebecca, 50, was a size 22 and had lost control of her diabetes and her entire life. Luckily, she managed to lose six stone and was able to reverse her type 2 diabetes symptoms. How did she do it? Rebecca explained: “My self-esteem was at rock bottom; I was spotty, my periods were erratic and I was taking diabetes medication. My PCOS symptoms were also so much worse from being overweight. “I was depressed and unhappy in my marriage. "Me and my husband would argue about my lack of energy and sex drive. "I knew my size wasn’t healthy for my family anymore and it definitely wasn’t healthy for me. I honestly couldn’t see how my life could get any worse.” READ MORE: How to lose weight in time for summer 'without skipping meals'  Rebecca shared how her weight loss journey began. She said: “I first heard about The 1:1 Diet by Cambridge Weight Plan when I spoke to a friend who was on the plan at the time. "I was inspired! I signed up with a consultant and it wasn’t long before I was embarking on my own weight loss journey. “I found the plan very easy to follow and, as long as I was prepared and planned my days, I never struggled.  "The meals were tasty and vast, so I never got bored, but, most importantly, the support from my consultant, Joanne Collins, was incredible and helped me so much. "She supported me 24/7 and listened to any worries I had.” Rebecca lost an impressive six stone and instantly noticed incredible health benefits. The dieter explained: “My PCOS symptoms have settled; I’m no longer spotty and my periods are now regular. "I have also finally managed to get my type two diabetes under control and, as a result, have been able to stop taking my Metformin medication. “My life has completely changed for the better! "I am now able to take my children for long walks along the coast or to the New Forest. "I walk six miles every day, even the dog is benefiting from my weight loss!” The slimmer said losing weight "saved her marriage". Rebecca explained: “My husband, David, is delighted I’ve got my sparkle back and I’m the happy, bubbly girl that he met. "We go on regular date nights and he has even begun to lose weight from eating healthier too. "I cannot thank The 1:1 Diet enough for getting my life back on track!”