Retired Colonel Mikhail Khodaryonok changed his mind about his original assessment of the war in Ukraine. Khodaryonok argued that Ukraine having major success in holding off Russia's advancement was based on rumours despite having days earlier claimed the Russian army was evidently unprepared for the fight. Khodaryonok discussed how he thought the way for Ukraine to dominate the Russian armed forces was by gaining Naval superiority in the Black Sea which he claimed who take months to achieve.  Khodaryonok told Russia 1: "As concerns, the rumours spread by Ukraine and indeed they are just rumours. "That they're allegedly having major successes counter-attacks and virtually counterstrikes. "Or that they're even getting ready to launch counter-offensives, the invalidity of these claims was best demonstrated by snake island for example. "The first attempt to gain control of it, a plan was worked out with the assistance of British instructors failed. "Now they're saying 'now we'll work it out ourselves and it will inevitably lead to success. "But in order to implement that plan of a naval landing operation, they need at the very least to gain aerial supremacy. JUST IN: Have Your Say: Should Charles apologise to Canada? 'It’s not enough'     Khodaryonok added: "In the next few months, it will be impossible for the Ukrainian armed forces to do this. "In order to carry out a naval landing operation I'll repeat myself, they need to gain naval supremacy. "But while our Black Sea Fleet is in the Black Sea Ukraine's Black Sea Fleet having supremacy is out of the question. "And in the best-case scenario, it will take years to create it or maybe even decades. "So when people talk about Ukraine acquiring the ability to counterattack, well it's a big exaggeration! "As concerns the actions of our supreme command there is every reason to believe that the implementation of these plans will in the very near future give Ukraine an unpleasant surprise. "Our view is that events will develop exclusively in this direction."  READ MORE: Russian soldier accused of war crimes pleads guilty to killing civilian in landmark trial NATO-aligned Western countries have been exporting heavy artillery to Ukraine since the war began. “There has been very close cooperation with the Ukrainians for a while, so there was a good idea of what they’d need, but it also had a good anti-tank weapon to send them. “It was the first to send substantial equipment before the war began, and it has made a difference.” 