The officers' colleagues at the jail are currently being given support after the deaths. Authorities and HMP Peterborough have confirmed that two prison officers have died over the weekend. The gender of the officers has not been confirmed.  However, they are believed to be female. The circumstances behind the deaths of the two officers have not yet been revealed. It is believed they were not at the prison or on duty at the time. HMP Peterborough released a statement giving its condolences to the families of the two officers. DON'T MISS Emma Raducanu keeps Madrid Masters hopes alive by defeating fellow teen Marta Kostyuk Tennis star Ksenia Palkina hit with 16-YEAR ban after match-fixing scandal Kremlin fire back at Wimbledon with 'proposal to ban all bar six nations' from tournament   They also said any necessary support will be offered to the families. Speaking to Cambridgeshire Live, Damian Evans, director at HMP Peterborough said: "We are devastated to learn over the weekend of the tragic deaths of two of our colleagues from HMP Peterborough. "Our thoughts and deepest condolences are with their families. "We will continue to offer all the necessary support we can to everyone affected." HMP Peterborough is a private prison run by Sodexo, and is a 'for-profit' business that is contracted by a Government agency. The prison houses Emma Tustin, who was convicted of murdering her step-son, six-year-old Arthur Labinjo-Hughes.   She was given a life sentence with a minimum of 29 years. HMP Peterborough was also the place where prisoner Charlotte Nokes was found dead in her cell in 2016, at the age of 38. An inquest followed Charlotte's death where a jury concluded that the cause of her death was sudden arrhythmic death syndrome, which is where someone dies by cardiac arrest with no obvious root cause. However, her father, Steven Nokes, said: "As a family, we remain concerned about the way Charlotte was treated in prison and do not believe the care she received was appropriate. "She had many struggles in life, was beaten up for being ‘different’ and experienced mental ill-health. "Prison was never the best place for her." Charlotte had mental and physical health diagnoses including borderline personality disorder and Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder (PMDD). 