Defending French Open women’s singles champion Barbora Krejcikova crashed out in the opening round to French teenager Diane Parry 1-6 6-2 6-3 in what was a match tainted by some controversy. Eurosport pundit Mark Petchey hit out at an “absolutely ludicrous” rule before last year’s winner was booed following a lengthy toilet break. Krejcikova was playing her first match in three months and lost a set-and-break lead to become the first defending champion to lose in the first round since Jelena Ostapenko four years ago. When the world No 2 was still a break up early in the second set, Petchey lashed out against the “nightmare” rule that only allowed fans into the stands after the first three games of a set, and not during the change-of-ends after one game. At the beginning of the fourth game - in which last year’s champion ended up getting broken back - fans took their time getting to their seats, delaying the start of the game. "Well, of course, this is always the three-game nightmare that tennis has,” Petchey lashed out, while commentating on the match for Eurosport. “This has obviously just compounded it because there is an issue about the tickets and who is sitting in whose seat - even though there are plenty enough seats to go and sit in. But I say it every time: when are the seven governing bodies going to change the rule back that you can come in at 1-0 as a fan?” JUST IN: Naomi Osaka contemplating skipping Wimbledon   The former coach of Andy Murray also pointed out that the rule slowed down play with the backlog of people finally getting the chance to come back into the stadium and find their seats, adding: “You have paid huge money to come to this tournament today, it is raining outside, why are the fans kept outside for three games? It is an absolutely ludicrous decision. It has absolutely no benefit to the sport at all - in fact, it is slowing the sport down. Every single time, virtually.” And the controversy didn’t stop there, as the Czech player then found herself booed by the Court Philippe-Chatrier crowd when she returned to court following a lengthy bathroom break at the conclusion of the second set, during which she changed her clothes. The boos and whistles continued throughout the final set every time Krejcikova abandoned a ball toss or questioned a call. DON'T MISSSloane Stephens replies to being asked to 'snitch' on WTAWimbledon boycott begins as first player confirms they won't playFabio Fognini risks wrath of Wimbledon crowd yet again    The fans were chanting her opponent’s name by the end of the match, as the French world No 97 completed the upset of the defending champion after two hours and eight minutes. The 19-year-old from Nice will now face another young player in 20-year-old Camila Osorio in the second round. Meanwhile, Krejcikova is set to drop to around No 12 in the world following her early exit. She is also the defending champion in the women’s doubles draw, alongside Katerina Siniakova. Watch every match from Roland-Garros live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport. 