This comes after France removed its troops after almost a decade long fight against armed unrest in Mali. The Ministry of Territorial Administration and Decentralisation released a statement outlining the reasons behind its termination of the treaties which will be effective in six months.  The statement read: “For some time, the Government of the Republic of Mali has noted with regret a profound deterioration of military cooperation with France.” This deterioration was put down to three incidents which were labelled “serious shortcomings” and attacked the national sovereignty of Mali. The first of the mistakes by France was its “unilateral attitude” when it “decided on June 3 and 7, 2021, without first consulting Mali, to suspend joint operations with the Malian Armed Forces (FAMa) and to end operation Barkhane.” The statement added: “In addition, on February 17, 2022, France announced, again without any consultation of the Malian side, the withdrawal of the Barkhane and Takuba forces.”  Mali also accused their French partner of repeated “violations” of its airspace by the French military despite the enforcement of a temporary no-fly zone by Malian military authorities. The third incident recorded as the reason for ceasing military partnership was “the delaying tactic consisting for France, to request a meeting of experts for the re-reading of the treaty defence, instead of sending its amendments, and this more than two months after Mali sent its amendments in December 2021”. The statement continued: “The Government of the Republic of Mali decides to denounce: the Defence Cooperation Treaty of July 16, 2012, in accordance with the provisions of its Article 26 paragraph four reads as follows: ‘Each party may denounce this Treaty by means of a written notification. “‘Such denunciation shall take effect six months after receipt of the notification by the other party.’” READ MORE: Putin humiliation: Saboteurs inflict devastating blow on supply lines Mali also denounced “with immediate effect, the agreement of March 7 and 8 2013 determining the status of the French detachment, applicable to Barkhane Force and the Additional Protocol of March 6 and 10, 2020 determining the status of detachments of non-French Takuba Force. “In accordance with the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties of 1969 the relevant articles of which provide for the terms of termination of an agreement, when these are not expressly determined (Article 56) or in the event of a manifest violation of the agreement by one of the parties, allowing the other party to denounce it. (Article 60).” The announcement concluded: “The Government of the Republic of Mali reaffirms to its partners its readiness to cooperate with all States of the world, in mutual respect. DON'T MISS: Election POLL: Do you back Boris Johnson ahead of local elections? (POLL)Amber Heard 'fires her PR team' before testifying against Johnny Depp (INSIGHT)Bible breakthrough: Material on Babylonian brick linked to Genesis (REVEAL)  “God bless Mali!” The Malian Government received praise on Twitter with user @SidiModiboCoul4 saying: “Thank you very much for salutary and necessary decision. These media are biased and are the sounding board for French propaganda. “Glad to see that as you said, Mali is assuming and will assume itself.” User @Kadersamoura added: “A patriotic and symbolic act, the partnership whatever its nature must be based on the principle of respect and fairness of the two camps.” 