Moon Knight has taken the world by storm on Disney Plus with the finale introducing a new character. The final episode of the debut season saw the title character (played by Oscar Isaac) discover a new persona called Jake Lockley. The star has now answered rumours about whether his story will continue.  After six episodes, the Marvel Cinematic Universe limited series has now come to an end. The finale caused a frenzy amongst fans following a major character reveal at the end. The title character had no idea about this new personality, who calls himself Jake Lockley. Introducing a new character this late into the series led fans to believe there could be more to come. However, Isaac confirmed there were no official plans for a second season. READ MORE: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah "You know, I think we approached it as ‘this is the story’. And let's just put everything out on the table on this story. "There’s definitely no official plans to continue it. I think it would depend on what the story is,” he told Radio Times. That being said, the star revealed he would be happy to reprise the role if the opportunity arose. He said: "I love being Steven, I just love it. It's just like, physically, it's so much fun to be him." Arthur Harrow and Layla El-Faouly stars Ethan Hawke and May Calamawy also confirmed they had not heard anything about a second season. However, they too said they would consider returning. Hawke discussed the idea of his character making a comeback for more MCU projects in the future. Speaking to CBR.com he said: "[Moon Knight] lives and breathes on its own merits, it functions as a limited series. "And if people are engaged and excited by it then it could be the origin story of a larger thing." DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid tears apart Keir Starmer’s lockdown rule break defence [VIDEO] Moon Knight ending explained: Who is Jake Lockley? [EXPLAINER] Moon Knight boss explains reason behind missing MCU connections [INSIGHT] So in conclusion, the series has not been given the green light for a second outing. The limited series was always intended to be just that, with no plans to continue the story. However, should the chance come up for the actors to explore their characters in further detail, they would not turn down the opportunity. This news may come as bittersweet for fans, who were hoping to find out more about newcomer Jake. In the original comics, Jake is a taxi driver and it was the appearance of this third alter that led Marc's parents to send him to live at Putnam Psychiatric Hospital. At one stage, Jake becomes the dominant alter and relocates to Mexico. There, he crosses paths with local Mexican criminal cartels and encounters the Punisher again. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the season finale. Mark said: "A tad disappointed that #MoonKnight only ran for six episodes." M Zilla1954 said: "#MoonKnight was an amazing show, hope we get a season two or see him on the big screen."  Moon Knight is available now on Disney Plus.