When Peter Row, 75, and his partner Lawrence Goldberg, 70, paid £2,000 to reserve a new five-bedroom, detached property and add some extras, Persimmon Homes told them they had 28 days to sell their existing home and exchange contracts. Mr Row received many delays on selling the property as the person buying his apartment wanted more tests to be carried out on his boiler and so he couldn't meet the deadline. Persimmon cancelled the contracts but Mr Row and Mr Goldberg wrote to the business, requesting they get back their £2,000. The construction firm, based in York, declined and the couple took it to court. Sitting before District Judge Davies at Derby’s County Court, Persimmon Homes Ltd was ordered to reimburse the couple their money. The firm has since apologised to them. Speaking since then, Mr Goldberg told Derbyshire Live: "I feel sorry for anybody buying a property from Persimmon Homes because they put this pressure on exchanging in 28 days. Especially during the Covid period when things were taking a lot longer anyway, you couldn’t see your solicitor, you had to email them. "If Persimmon had been a bit more patient, we could have been in that house months ago and they could have had the money in their pocket. To be fair to Persimmon Homes, all we were claiming back was the £2,000 for the extras we had paid for, which they weren’t going to give us back after they cancelled the contract."  The couple became interested in the property on the new build site in Chellaston, Derby, in February last year. It had a completion date of June last year. "We went to purchase this property last year, right in the midst of Covid and the lockdowns, there were very tight restrictions as such," Mr Goldberg added. "We saw this property advertised in the paper, it was just what we were looking for - a five bedroom house, detached with a utility room, and it would have been the perfect property. "Persimmon said to us that within the contract, you’ve got to exchange contracts within 28 days. It may be possible for a first time buyer, but when you’ve got a property to sell it’s harder. We said yes, we were close so we thought it would be possible." But the couple faced snags when trying to sell their existing apartment.   Mr Goldberg said: "It had gone past the 28 days, so we explained the situation. Persimmon homes then sent us a letter saying they wished to have the contracts back, saying they weren’t prepared to sell the property to us anymore. "We were getting so frustrated and agitated by the constant pressure they were putting on us. A few weeks later the sales office wrote to us saying they wanted confirmation of the extras we’d asked for. "We wrote back to the sales office and said regretfully your department has cancelled the contracts so obviously we’re no longer having this property, so can we have a refund of the £2,000 deposit we had paid out for these extras. Persimmon Homes then argued that we had cancelled the contract. "They were arguing that we cancelled it so we had to get the county court involved." 