Tom Cruise, 59, confessed that he'd walked through Windsor to the Jubilee event so that he could greet the crowds. He was pictured grinning broadly and waving to amazed onlookers as he made his dramatic appearance, just days before he is due to launch the premiere for the latest Top Gun movie Maverick. Scientologist Tom spoke irreverently of the Queen's "dignity, devotion and kindness" before admitting that he would love to have flown a plane in honour of the event. "I always wanted to make movies and fly helicopters," he told the world during his ITV interview screening. Both childhood ambitions came true, as he has since acquired a PS1 and is now a pilot himself. He told of how he "wanted to fly an aeroplane in Trafalgar Square" in honour of the woman for whom he has "great respect". READ NOW: 'The baldy biker!' Dave Myers appears for first time since chemo "I'm very honoured to be here," he exclaimed, adding; "It's a real privilege." "[The Queen] is just a woman that I greatly admire," he continued. "What she's accomplished has been historic." He also revealed to fans that he had started producing films in the UK back in 1982, which is when his fascination for the Royal Family was able to flourish. "Not just America, but the world know of [the Queen's] dignity, devotion and kindness," he exclaimed. His role in introducing the Royal Horse Artillery was also discussed in his ITV interview. "I've seen them on television, but never in person," he told the hosts. "I'm really looking forward to being part of this." DON'T MISS... Coleen Rooney claims Rebekah Vardy texts 'knocked her sick' [LATEST] Prince William honours Deborah James with Damehood at family home [UPDATE] Richard Gere, 72, not concerned about being an older dad with wife, 39 [INSIGHT]  Meanwhile Tom, in his position as royalty of the Hollywood world, has extended a gilded invitation to Prince William and Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton to join his Top Gun: Maverick premiere on Thursday. That is the day that Tom too will get his chance to shine on Thursday as the premiere launches in London's Leicester Square. William and Kate are expected to appear on the red carpet and meet the entire cast, including Divergent star Miles Teller. Hollywood veteran Tom had pulled out the stops for the couple after reportedly discovering that the Prince, as a trained RAF pilot, had loved the original 1989 version of the Top Gun movie. It has been suggested that the royal couple may have already had a sneak peek of the movie ahead of the official premiere, along with other royals such as Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie. There is no word on whether the Queen, 96 will also attend. Meanwhile, Tom's mind has also been on the "1000-year-old kitchen" for the celebrations and its restaurant.