Sao Paulo winger Marquinhos is set to become Arsenal's first summer signing with the Brazilian teenager now in London to undergo a medical. The 19-year-old forward was at the Gunners' London Colney training ground on Thursday to meet Mikel Arteta and his new team-mates ahead of a £3million switch, which was agreed between the two clubs last week.  Marquinhos was left out of the Sao Paulo squad to face Cuiaba last Sunday before receiving the green light to fly to England with his agent to put the finishing touches on his move. The former Brazil Under-16 and Under-17 international is expected to return to South America before linking up with Arteta's squad for pre-season later this summer. Arsenal are now expected to confirm the capture of Marquinhos in the coming days and an announcement could arrive as soon as Friday evening. The right-winger will not be available until next season and will therefore play no part in Sunday's final Premier League fixture against Everton, although he could yet be present in the stands. READ MORE: Gabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football Express Sport understands Sao Paulo failed to agree a sell-on clause with Arsenal for the player, despite insisting on a small cut of any figure received through a future sale. Furthermore, sources suggest the thinking behind the deal is that the youngster will be a squad/development player and certainly one for the future. Although nothing has been decided as of yet, the new signing could be set for a European loan next season to help ease his transition from South American football. Marquinhos is set to sign a five-year contract that will run until the summer of 2027. Edu Gaspar has been central to negotiations with both the player's representatives and Sao Paulo. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football The completion of the deal is set to mark the beginning of a manic summer in north London with Arsenal expected to back Arteta in the transfer market, even if they fail to secure Champions League qualification. Two strikers are the priority with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nkeitah on course to follow Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang out the exit door when their contracts expire in June. Arsenal are expected to submit their first formal proposal for Manchester City centre-forward Gabriel Jesus in the coming weeks following positive talks with his representatives. There is confidence a deal is still attainable even if Arsenal fail to leapfrog Tottenham into fourth place on Sunday, when they need to beat Everton and hope Norwich pull off a scalp against Spurs. Darwin Nunez, Jonathan David, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Victor Osimhen and Tammy Abraham are among the long list of alternative options also under consideration. Some additional cover at full-back and in central midfield is also on the agenda for Edu with Bologna's Aaron Hickey and Leicester's Youri Tielemans both of interest. Furthermore, Arsenal will be striving to improve the general quality within their squad, namely their options in reserve. The club's squad depth has ultimately hindered their chances of a top-four finish during various points of the season when Arteta has had to battle a number of injury problems.