Over recent months, inflation has increased the cost of food across the board, with many retailers and brands upping their prices. Recent data found that the price of groceries has risen at its fastest rate in 11 years, potentially adding an extra £271 to the average amount shoppers will pay this year. Which? has shared its top tips to save consumers hundreds of pounds on their food bills. While it isn’t an option for everyone, avoiding convenience stores could save shoppers hundreds of pounds each year. In an investigation earlier this year, Which? found that customers can end up spending 9.5 percent more each year shopping at a Sainsbury’s Local rather than a regular Sainsbury’s supermarket. Meanwhile, a basket of groceries from Tesco Express cost on average £279 more over a year. READ MORE: Bank holiday weekend opening hours full list- Tesco, Aldi, Lidl & more Every month Which? analyses thousands of grocery prices to find the cheapest supermarket, comparing the price of a trolley of groceries at some of the biggest supermarkets and often finding big price differences. For example, in March 2022 Lidl was the cheapest supermarket, with a basket of 21 groceries costing an average of £26.83. The same or equivalent items from the priciest supermarket Waitrose cost £36.04, that's a £9.21 saving. DON'T MISS...How to make money: Secret cash hiding in your wardrobe [VIDEO]Kate and William 'more in love’ now than when they first got engaged [COMMENT]Gardening: How to re-seed a lawn for thick grass - step by step guide [EXCLUSIVE] Shoppers can also make significant savings by opting for supermarket own-brand products over expensive branded items. These items can be a lot cheaper than the big brands. In a series of blind taste tests, Which? found that many supermarket own brands are not only cheaper, but sometimes they also taste better than their well-known branded counterparts. Which? tested everyday essentials such as beans, orange juice, honey nut cornflakes and coffee and found that, for those willing to swap, shoppers could save themselves hundreds of pounds a year without compromising on taste. For example, switching from Innocent orange juice (£3.60 for 1.35 litres, 27p per 100ml) to Aldi’s The Juice Company Smooth Orange Juice - costing just £1.69 per 1.75L carton (10p per 100ml) could save shoppers nearly £100 a year. Prices can vary from week to week, fluctuating by up to 284 per cent. Which? previously investigated more than one million prices in its biggest-ever pricing investigation to uncover how much, and how often, the prices of branded products in supermarkets change. The consumer champion exposed supermarket pricing secrets, from the grocer that almost always beats its rivals on the cost of branded groceries, to the supermarket where you’ll pay almost four times the amount for the same product on some days than others. Price fluctuations, or 'yo-yo' pricing, means that it is often worth shoppers stocking up when items they buy regularly are discounted. This approach can work particularly well for store-cupboard items and products that can be frozen. Adam French, Which? Consumer Rights Expert, said: “Rising food prices and the cost of living crisis are putting huge pressure on household budgets at the moment, and no one wants to overpay for food. "Shopping around and buying own-brand products is an easy way to save hundreds of pounds a year, as is avoiding expensive convenience stores if you can. "Those prepared to switch to a cheaper supermarket for their regular shop will likely find some great value alternatives to their favourite brands.”