NFLGirlUK founder Liz Bhandari shared her experiences in the male-dominated world of American Football and spoke about the need to do more for female participation to increase as she became the latest guest on Express Sport's Women in Sport series #SheCan. The writer and podcast host spoke live to the Express' assistant head of social, Pandora Forsyth, for episode 10 of the series on Friday. Bhandari took the bold step of launching NFLGirlUK, an American Football blog aimed at 'bringing fans closer to the sport they love', back in 2014. Since then, she has built up a catalogue of exclusive player interviews and expert insights from figures within the game. With two podcasts on the go, Cleats Off and End Zone Scoop, Bhandari has amassed thousands of social media followers while championing the need for more female voices. As American Football grows in popularity outside of the US, Bhandari told Express Sport: "My audience like Twitter grew more, and it was rare for a girl to talk about American Football, but now there is more and that's amazing. DON'T MISS: #HerGameToo duo join Express Sport's Women In Sport #SheCan series as latest guests "Even with our football, there wasn't many females presenting, sat on the sofa. I think it makes a difference seeing another female doing it. The NFL is taking the right steps, but unless it will be a normality, it will stay like that. "I created our own female fan group so we could chat without judging as there is a lot of stereotyping, saying 'you chose your team on colour or you fancy a player', but we do it because we love the sport. It's currently 30 per cent of NFL fanbase is female, I hope over next five years it will be 50 per cent. "I hope there will be more females talking about the game and female-hosted shows in the UK. I've reached out to American Football teams and head of diversity inclusion, and I'm having conversations with a wide variety of people and there is still so much to cover." While there is a long way to go, Bhandari represents a rare female voice in a growing sport, which is sure to bring exciting opportunities in the future. "I hope to get out more to America and produce more content," she added. "I'm really excited for what's ahead because who knows where it will go. "I shared ideas with Papa Johns off back of social media campaigns, and got free tickets to games. I started running fan events with small groups. You've got to go for these things. Until it's big enough, the only games that gets televised are the GB Lions and other big teams. But go down to your local team [and show support]." The #SheCan series has proven popular since it began earlier this year, with the likes of Express Sport’s tennis correspondent Yasmin Syed, McLaren development driver Katie Milner, Olympic boxing sensation Caroline Dubois, Team GB's first-ever Sikh female powerlifter Karenjeet Bains and BT Sport presenter Jules Breach starring on the show. To watch Bhandari chatting to Forsyth, visit the Express Sport Facebook page by clicking HERE.