Alize Cornet was booed by the home crowd when she was forced to retire injured at 0-6 0-3 down in her French Open third round match. The Frenchwoman arrived onto court with both of her thighs heavily strapped and could barely move against Qinwen Zheng, who won all nine games before advancing to the second week with the world No 40's retirement, as former pro Barbara Schett admitted it could have been the 32-year-old's last appearance at her home Grand Slam. Cornet arrived onto Court Philippe-Chatrier with both of her thighs heavily taped for her third round match against Zheng. The world No 40 had come through a rollercoaster match against 2017 French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko in the previous round but had appeared to injure her legs after attempting a wide slide in the second round clash. And she looked physically hindered by her new injuries as she could barely move against the world No 70 who is makign her debut at the clay-court Grand Slam. Cornet quickly lost the first set 6-0 and went 3-0 down in the second set before retreating to her bench at the changeover and putting her head in her hands. "There's no point, I'm just sufferering," she told herself. The former world No 11 then asked the umpire how to retire the match, admitting: "Do I tell her that I need to stop? Because I want to stop," before shaking Zheng's hand and allowing the Chinese debutant to advance to the second week. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic's coach disagrees with Serb over Alcaraz at French Open  As the pair shook hands, the Court Philippe-Chatrier crowd started booing and whistling at their own player for retiring the match, a reaction that was slammed by Eurosport commentators. "She tried her best, you could see how hampered she was. She doesn't want to stop here, now on this court," Jo Durie said. Frew McMillan also pointed out that the night session crowd on the French Open's main stadium court were backing the 32-year-old in her three-set win over Jelena Ostapenko just two days ago, and had now turned on her. "Nonsense to boo her, she gave 15,000 people one of the times of their lives a couple of days ago and now she's paying the price for it," he sauid, referencing the injuries she had picked up in the 6-0 1-6 6-3 thriller that ended her chances in the third round. DON'T MISSDjokovic and Nadal will play 'greatest ever French Open quarter-final'Emma Raducanu 'forgot' she won US Open and discusses being 'absorbed'Boris Becker's estranged wife lets rip at jailed star  There are now fears the heartbreaking retirement could mark Cornet's final appearance at her home Grand Slam. "She couldn't finish her match becaushe she had an injury on both thighs and was down 6-0 3-0, could barely move against Qinwen Zheng so it's the end of this ride for Alize Cornet," Barbara Schett said on Eurosport, announcing the news. "It was maybe - we don't know - but it could've been maybe her last Roland Garros," the player-turned-presenter admitted. Meanwhile, Zheng will now face her toughest test yet in world No 1 and former champion Iga Swiatek in the round-of-16.