In celebration of the Duke of Cambridge turning 40 on June 21, Royal Mint is to release a new £5 coin with his portrait emblazoned on it. Britons can now join the queue to get their hands on one of the uncirculated coins.  Royal fans can snag the limited edition coins from the official Royal Mint website. If demand is high, they may be required to join an online queue in order to access the website. Coins can be purchased online, with prices ranging from £13.00 to £4,775. On Monday morning, the UK's official coin producer unveiled pictures of the coin ahead of the Prince's milestone birthday. This will mark the first time Prince William, who is second in line to the throne, will appear alone on an official coin struck by the Royal Mint. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ Created by designer and engraver Thomas T Docherty, the coin features a portrait of the Duke set alongside his royal cypher and the number 40. An image of Queen Elizabeth II, designed by Jody Clark, will be struck on the other side of the coin. There is also an inscription along the edge reading: "HRH The Duke of Cambridge". As well as the new £5 coin, collectors can also purchase a limited edition two-coin set. These will feature a 0.25oz gold celebration coin and a 1982 sovereign coin to mark the year of Prince William's birth. DON'T MISSKate Middleton's stunning £2,700 dress originally SHEER [REVEALED]Daily horoscope for May 23: Your star sign, astrology and zodiac [INSIGHT]Anti-aging: Best face yoga move for eyes detailed by Lisa Snowdon [EXPLAINER] The collection also features a limited edition coin made of 5oz of fine gold quality, with laser technology creating a “high relief finish”, giving William’s portrait an enhanced 3D appearance. Clare Maclennan, director of commemorative coin at the Royal Mint, said: “The elegant design features a portrait of HRH alongside his royal cypher and the number 40, which pays homage to the maturity and grace of the prince who has become a senior member of the royal family, a devoted husband and a loving father of three, through the eyes of the world. "Marking this extra special occasion, we have also struck a limited edition gold coin made with 5oz of fine gold and struck in high relief to elevate the artistry of the design. "Our limited edition precious metal coins combine fine craftsmanship and rarity, making them an attractive keepsake for collectors and investors.” The price of coins varies depending on the item purchased. Prices are as follows: