Iceland and The Food Warehouse have launched a new discount exclusively for customers aged 60 and over. With Age UK having recently revealed three-quarters of older people in the UK (9.4 million) are worried about the rising cost of living, the supermarket is on a mission to slash supermarket bills for those being hit the hardest. From Tuesday 24 May, and every Tuesday onwards, all those who are 60 years old and older can get 10 percent off their shop at Iceland and The Food Warehouse. There is no minimum spend for the discount to be applied. The 10 percent off also applies across products, that includes a range of great value meal essentials. To claim the offer in-store, customers need to show proof of age, such as a driving licence or senior bus card. READ MORE: Food crisis: EU's protection of French farmers is coming home to roost Richard Walker, Managing Director at Iceland, said: “We have a long history of supporting our over 60s customers, such as when we launched ‘Elderly Hour’ at the height of the pandemic. “The cost of living crisis has made support for these customers even more important, which is why I’m proud that we’re finding new ways to support them, including the launch of this discount. “We hope it will help all those in this age category to cut costs where they can.” As well as leading the way with its ‘Elderly Hour’ exclusive shopping periods during the pandemic, Iceland also offered £30 vouchers to those receiving state pension as part of a regional trial last Christmas. DON'T MISS...Lidl is offering broadband users £25 off their next shop [APPLY]Petrol and diesel prices at shocking UK all-time record high [NEWS]'Huge news!' Aldi makes big change to popular 99p item [LATEST] Following the success of the trial, Iceland is now exploring a national rollout ready for Summer 2022. For all other Iceland and The Food Warehouse customers, the frozen food store is keeping prices low on hundreds of products. From fresh meats such as Hog Roast Pork with Maple Syrup and Cider Sauce and Apple (£3.85, 420g) and Rump Steak (£4.00, 227g). The Gammon Joint (£3.85, 500g) is currently on offer as three for £9, and they’re keeping frozen veg prices low too with Petits Pois (£1, 600g) for a £1. Prices for everyday essentials, such as, Typhoo One Cup Foil Fresh 100 Teabags (£1, 200g), Nescafe 3in1 Instant Coffee (£2, 16 x 17g Sachets) and Iceland Pasteurised Whole Milk (£1.29, four Pints), are also being slashed. As ever, there is an array of meals that can be cooked straight from frozen in minutes for just £1.00 each, as part of Iceland’s value range. Dishes include, the Iceland Chicken Curry with Rice (£1, 500g), Iceland Cottage Pie (£1, 500g) and Iceland Vegetable Lasagne (£1, 500g). It comes as UK inflation has soared to more than a 40-year high. In April, it was announced inflation was nine percent. This is thanks in part to rising food, energy and fuel prices, and the war in UKraine as soaring energy bills squeen household budgets. Food prices also rose sharply in the year to April, with the Ukraine war driving up the cost of cereals, cooking oil and meat.