Dan Kildee, a Democrat congressman and part of a group meeting stakeholders in the dispute over the Brexit deal this week, said during a visit to Kerry that it was “disappointing” to see triggering Article 16 being considered. The American delegation met with Foreign Secretary Liz Truss over the weekend, who he said indicated she was not willing to change the Government’s course. It follows a stop in Brussels, before the group travelled to Ireland and Northern Ireland to speak to politicians there. It comes amid tensions over the controversial post-Brexit agreement, which the Government is looking to revise to ease cross-border friction. The EU has offered some concessions, but has so far refused to revisit the agreement itself. After the DUP refused to form a power-sharing Executive until progress had been made on the Protocol, fears have grown that the deal could impact the Good Friday Agreement. Asked if he thought the UK Government were acting in good faith with their threats to move unilaterally on the issue, Mr Kildee said: “it’s difficult to say because we can’t read their minds. “But it’s important, and we stress this, that they [the UK Government] negotiate and that they not take unilateral action. “I think that was a very firm point that was pressed by our delegation, most particularly Richie Neal,” the congressman leading the delegation. He told RTE yesterday (Monday): “The only way we can come to agreement, the only way we protect the incredible progress that’s represented with the Good Friday Agreement, is face-to-face negotiation. “It is disappointing to see unilateral action being considered; we stressed that that was not the approach that we recommend. But again, difficult to determine their motivation, but we don’t believe that is the proper path. “We think unilateral solutions will not work, face-to-face negotiation to work out some of these technical questions can be achieved and that’s what we firmly recommended.” Following the group’s meeting with Ms Truss, Mr Kildee revealed that there had been “no indication that they [the UK Government] intend to change course” on the issue. However, he stressed that the purpose of the meeting was to state America’s position that “we don’t believe that [triggering Article 16] will lead to a positive outcome”. Mr Neal described the meeting as a “frank discussion”. Mr Kildee repeated the claims of Speaker Nancy Pelosi that unilateral action over Northern Ireland could jeopardise a US-UK trade deal. He told Irish radio listeners that there would be cross-party support across the pond for such a move, adding: “There cannot be a US-UK trade agreement if there is damage done to the success of the Good Friday Agreement.” The US congressman said that he hoped the effects of the Protocol would not damage the peacekeeping deal, noting that there would always be periods of difficulty, but that it was “important to keep the history in mind”. He said: “It’s interesting that is the history that we celebrate when we think about the incredible benefits of the Good Friday Agreement, a very difficult, long-standing dispute resolved through negotiation. “That’s a lesson that not only the rest of the world should learn, but we would hope that the parties involved now, the UK Government, would recognise that’s the way to resolve these differences.” Meanwhile, Mr Neal said today (Tuesday) that after meetings with the UK and EU, the dispute was merely a “manufacturing issue” that trade experts believed could be “ironed out quickly”. He said, however, that it was “up to London to help us all find a solution”. Simon Coveney, Ireland’s foreign affairs minister, said the visit by the US delegation served as “a reminder of just how important the peace process and the Good Friday Agreement on this island is to many people in Washington”.