Households across Britain will try to make savings as bills soar but for disabled people electrical equipment is essential. Susanne Crosby describes today how her family is being pushed to the brink of disaster. Her 16-year-old daughter, Mia, relies on 10 items of equipment that need to be plugged in, including a ceiling hoist, a stairlift and an outside platform lift. Mia’s mother often just has yogurt for lunch in a bid to save money. It is intolerable if a rich country cannot protect vulnerable families from the consequences of a global spike in energy costs. We are campaigning for energy companies and the Government to take action. According to the disability charity Scope, life is on average £583 more expensive a month for disabled people. Around 900,000 people with disabilities are thought to be in fuel poverty – and there are fears the number could rise to 2.1million in the autumn. It would be obscene if people go without meals, empty their savings or fall victim to loan sharks. The threats to these households are clear but a disaster can be averted with the right support. ----------- Home Secretary Priti Patel riled the Labour benches when she accused the Opposition of defending “murderers, paedophiles, rapists, thugs and people with no right to be here”. She claimed that Labour MPs and immigration lawyers regularly “beg” her not to deport “dangerous foreign criminals”. People across Britain will have felt relief that she gave voice to what anyone blessed with common sense can see. There is no reason why foreign citizens who have committed heinous crimes in the UK should have the privilege of living here. Justice – and the solemn responsibility of a Government to protect public safety – demands that these lawbreakers are deported without delay. ------------ Prince Charles leads an extraordinary life. One day he is reading the Queen’s Speech in the grandeur of the House of Lords. The next, he is visiting a south London street market and popping into the local branch of JD Sports. His readiness to move between regalia-rich ceremonies and visits where he is engulfed by selfie-seeking well-wishers is a strong reason to have confidence that the popularity of the monarchy will endure. The majesty of the Crown shines brighter when at the heart of modern Britain. The Prince is proving himself a man for the future who will be a king for the people.