Making a mockery of Wordle's objective of figuring out just one word in six attempts, Quordle tasks players with solving four words in nine guesses. Think of it like Wordle on steroids. This gameplay tweak does, however, make for a much more challenging experience, which is why Express Online is on hand to provide some helpful hints for Quordle 106 on May 10. Good luck, because you're going to need it. Quordle challenges players to figure out four different words in just nine attempts. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles if you're to succeed. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter U. 2. The first word contains three vowels. 3. Apparently it's good for you, but you wouldn't catch me drinking it! Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word also starts with the letter H. 2. The second word contains one vowel, although it appears twice. 3. Like a bush or a fund. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter N. 2. The third word contains just one vowel. 3. The Pole where Father Christmas lives. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter L. 2. The fourth word contains two vowels. 3. Surname of a fictional football manager from America.