The Duke of Cambridge, 39, shared a heartwarming moment with 66-year-old William Burns during a visit to the Wheatley Group in Glasgow on Wednesday. Prince William was joined by his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, for the visit to the housing association where the couple heard about homelessness in Scotland. Kate and William spoke to people using the group's services, including those who had been helped to find work. Mr Burns opened up about his own personal challenges with homelessness and became emotional while conversing with the future king. The Duke of Cambridge then threw protocol to the wind and put his arms around him. The Scottish man looked visibly moved by the gesture and broke down in tears as he hugged the Royal Family member back. Typically, members of the Firm have many strict rules to follow while performing their public duties including not engaging in public displays of affection. However, royal fans took to Twitter to share their thoughts and commend the Duke for his actions, with some saying the image had moved them to tears. Bonney Bulmer wrote: “Such a lovely thing to do, probably made that gents day.” While TheDuchessSlant commented: “Awww am trying not to cry. That's so lovely.” A third, called Eliza, chimed in to add: “He's the people's Prince. He is compassionate. Of course he'd hug the man!” One more, called Pooja, added: “Such a sweet and sincerely heartwarming gesture from Prince William!” READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'need' to attend Jubilee as Sussex star power fades William Burns, a grandfather-of-25, has since spoken out about why the moment with the Prince meant so much to him. He said the moment held particular significance for him because he had fallen out with one of his sons during an incident which led to him being evicted. He told the Daily Mail: “I am a grandfather. It felt like a son hugging a father. “It was the way he hugged me. I didn’t expect that really to be honest.” DON'T MISS Queen shares heartbreaking statement after UAE Royal Family death [REPORT] Royal Family LIVE: 'Serious alarm' Harry and Meghan over Charles photo [LIVE UPDATES] Royal POLL: Do you support Queen as ‘Zoom monarch’? [POLL] He described meeting the future king as a “boost”, saying that he had initially approached him and Kate after noticing “all the commotion and excitement” at their arrival. He was standing with his wife Ellen when Prince William approached the group, adding that he went to shake the Duke’s hand when the royal asked for his name. Mr Burns said: “When I told him my name was William, he said, ‘My name is William too.’ “I said, ‘I know that’ and he laughed. “He had his hand on my shoulder and then hugged me. I was quite emotional. I was overjoyed.” William and Kate carried out two days of engagements in Scotland, which were arranged to mark Mental Health Awareness Week which runs between May 9th-15th. The royal couple also toured St John's Primary School in Port Glasgow and took part in Roots of Empathy classes. The classes focus on the development of empathy in both children and adults alike and are organised by the charity Action for Children, of which Kate is patron. The charity runs the programme in 18 local authority areas in Scotland.