The Prime Minister uploaded a first video on the account, which uses the handle @10downingstreet on Tuesday afternoon. In the short 41-second video, the PM appears saying in a friendly manner: "Hi folks, this is Boris Johnson here launching the Number 10 TikTok site." A caption to the video read: “Welcome to Number 10 TikTok!” And Boris Johnson added: "You won't necessarily catch me dancing on this site, but you will have all sorts of stuff about what we're doing to deliver on our priorities, deliver for you on our agenda of uniting and levelling up our country. "You'll get all sorts of messages and content that you might not get if you're looking at Instagram or Snapchat or Facebook - Twitter, LinkedIn and all the other stuff. "This is intended to be a place where we can put out messages and behind-the-scenes insights into what we're getting done - so tune in to Number 10 TikTok." The account seems to have prospects for good popularity since by the end of the day, the video had surpassed 1.5 million views. Thousands of comments flooded the video, which was published at around midday. "Theresa would have danced. 0.001/10 Boris," wrote one. Others also found the extension of the PM’s social media reach amusing and began requesting of him to do popular trends that influencers are seen doing on TikTok. Someone said: “Boris can you do the renagade??” Many users also referenced Boris Johnson’s hair, asking the PM to film hairstyle tutorials, a trend which is quite common on the platform. Former Love Island contestant Hugo Hammond, meanwhile, posted "This has to be a joke" along with a laughing emoji. A few hours later, the PM posted an ‘edit’ video with several scenes of him and Chancellor Rishi Sunak. A message in that second video read: "Boris and Rishi listen to your priorities for 2022." The song Ain't Gonna Stop by Carol Kay can be heard in the video. The new TikTok account quickly gathered dozens of thousands of followers. That second video also attracted the attention of thousands of TikTok users. Within just a few hours, it was viewed by 60,000 people, with thousands of them liking and commenting. The Prime Minister has accounts on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat, with millions of followers across those platforms.