Former Chelsea and Arsenal star Cesc Fabregas wants to see Aurelien Tchouameni make the switch to Liverpool this summer as well as two other Monaco stars. Fabregas left Chelsea to join Monaco back in 2019 where he has taken on a mentoring role. Injuries have limited Fabregas to just a handful of appearances this season for Monaco and will leave the Ligue 1 side in the summer. But the 35-year-old may not be the only departure from Monaco when the transfer window opens. Wissam Ben Yedder and Kevin Volland have garnered most of the headlines with their goals helping secure Champions League football next season. But Tchouameni is attracting plenty of interest from clubs all over Europe with the 22-year-old set to spark a bidding war this summer. Liverpool and Real Madrid are seemingly leading the race for his signature with Jurgen Klopp reportedly keen to bolster his midfield options. Reports in Spain indicate that Real are closer to signing Tchouameni though with Liverpool not expected to spend big money this summer. JUST IN: Tuchel explains how Chelsea are falling further in transfer market  But Fabregas would prefer Tchouameni to make the switch to Anfield over Real, and also wants Youssouf Fofana and Sofiane Diop to head to Merseyside. Fabregas told RMC Sport: "At the time, I signed with one objective: to save the team, then 19th with 13 points. I took a big risk because relegation was possible. "When I came, Thierry (Henry) and Vadim (Vasilyev) also asked me to help grow the young people. It was an important point. Today, I feel like I have won the respect and sympathy of this younger generation. DON'T MISS  "I hope I have helped. We like each other and I will continue to follow them, exchange with them. I would like to see Fofana, Diop or Tchouameni at Bayern or Liverpool!" Fofana has been a regular fixture in midfield for Monaco this season, alongside Tchouameni with Aleksandr Golovin and Jean Lucas also featuring heavily. Meanwhile, Diop also played his role further up the pitch on the left wing scoring nine goals and providing seven assists. All three players fit into Liverpool's transfer policy of looking for young, up and coming stars. Diop is the youngest of the three at 21 years of age, but Tchouameni (22) and Fofana (23) may also fit into Liverpool's system.