Season six of Better Call Saul is bringing Vince Gilligan’s Breaking Bad prequel to an epic conclusion, having already featured the shocking death of fan-favourite Nacho Varga (played by Michael Mando). With plenty more twists on the way in the next episodes on AMC and Netflix, the series has already confirmed the return of the show’s original anti-heroes, Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul). Bryan and Aaron have revealed more about their highly covert return to the Breaking Bad universe in an upcoming episode of Better Call Saul. Fans were rather shocked when co-creator Peter Gould confirmed the Breaking Bad veterans would be making a not-so-surprise guest appearance in the final season. Peter has kept details about their cameos to himself, and the two co-stars remained just as tight-lipped when they were asked about their return. In a recent interview, Aaron teased: “[Fans] will be very excited to see how and when we show up.” READ MORE: 'Disgusted' BBC Breakfast sparks uproar over Russian news coverage Bryan also wouldn’t share how Walter and Jesse will be factored into the end of Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman/Gene Takovic’s (Bob Odenkirk) story. However, he did offer some insight into how their guest spots were kept hidden from viewers, only to be spoiled by one of the show’s creator’s a few months later. “We were flown in, we were told we can’t leave,” he told Rolling Stone. “So we were almost like witnesses in a protection program.” The four-time Emmy award-winning actor revealed the secretive measures were very similar to his experience filming his brief appearance in the Breaking Bad movie, El Camino. He recalled: “[I] flew in, went to a private place at the airport, walked off the plane and into a car, had to have a coat and a hood over my head. “They even gave us code names. I think we were Bert and Ernie.” Aaron then made it clear: “You were Bert, I was Ernie.” DON'T MISS:Grace and Frankie crew details emotional final scenes [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13: Deeks and Kensi make life-changing choice [VIDEO]Discovery of Witches star details ‘unusual request’ to play Gerbert [INTERVIEW] The two actors have recently teamed up again, this time for their off-camera venture making their own mezcal, Dos Hombres. Developed by the Breaking Bad alums with their partner Gregorio Velasco, the beverage was launched for Bryan’s co-stars, such as Bill Murray, Tom Hanks and Jason Schwartzman while working on Wes Anderson’s new film, Asteroid City. Sadly, their friendship behind the scenes won’t necessarily translate to another team-up for Walter and Jesse in future Breaking Bad projects. When pressed on the possibility of another reprisal, Bryan joked: “Actually, it’s funny you should mention that because Aaron and I are going as Walt and Jesse on Dancing With the Stars.” However, he then clarified: “We need to let those characters go so that we can take on new ones. “And right now, the new characters that we have are as entrepreneurs in this driving business of ours. And we’re excited about it.” For now, the co-stars are focusing on making Dos Hombres the number one mezcal in the world, as well as taking on more daring and diverse roles in television and film. Bryan will soon be returning as judge Michael Desiato in the second season of CBS legal drama Your Honor, while Aaron stars opposite Marvel’s Karen Gillan in the recent sci-fi thriller, Dual. Better Call Saul season 6 continues Mondays on AMC and the following Tuesday on Netflix.