Sarah Ferguson, otherwise known as Fergie, travelled to Gothenburg in Sweden on Thursday, May 5. There, she attended the Inauguration of The Perfect World Foundation’s ‘Project Ocean’. For the occasion, she joined a fellow royal, Prince Albert II of Monaco.  The Duchess of York is a Global Ambassador for The Perfect World Foundation. This year, Prince Albert was the recipient of the ninth Perfect World Foundation award, for his commitment to protecting the ocean. The award ceremony took place at The Arctic Ocean Gala, at the Gothenburg Stock Exchange. For the event, Fergie wore a Tetsu beige military blazer from The Extreme Collection.  READ MORE: Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry' The blazer retails for £788 from Wolf & Badger. The description on the website reads: “Our most iconic military jacket, a jacket with trimmings and our famous gold-plated buttons. “With a longer back and mao collar and black herringbones adorning the front.” Sarah paired the £788 blazer with a pair of French Sole dragonfly embroidery ballet slippers.  The Duchess has worn these shoes before and due to their popularity, they are no longer in stock. However, they originally sold for £200. Fergie wore a black skirt that finished just above her knee. She also wrapped up warm in a pair of black tights due to the cold Swedish weather.  To match the gold buttons on her blazer, Sarah wore a small pair of gold earrings and a gold bracelet to accessorise. Her long ginger hair blew in the wind and the rain as she posed for pictures with the Prince of Monaco. Royal fans took to social media to discuss Fergie's military style. Similarly, account @lc_houridis wrote: "Another day, another military jacket."  Instagram account @haley_deanna added: "I really don't understand her obsession with military style." But for some positivity, royal fan @unc94gal said: "I like the shoes." Royal watcher @birdnerd327 added: "It's nice she's toned down the eyebrow pencil. "From the neck up it's a win. "I actually don't mind the shoes." 