  Minnie Driver has addressed crossing paths with her ex-partner Matt Damon once more, years after their relationship very publicly ended. The famous actress explained how the pair “weren’t friends” in an insightful interview with podcast host Elizabeth Day.     Minnie, 52, had a whirlwind romance with her Good Will Hunting co-star Matt, 51, between 1997 and 1998. During the podcast, Elizabeth referred to the pair’s infamously awkward breakup, where Matt announced he was single on the Oprah Winfrey show after the two had been dating. She also referenced Minnie calling Matt out after his somewhat controversial remarks about the #MeToo movement. Elizabeth then went on to ask if Minnie was still friends with the star, to which she replied: “I wouldn’t say we’re friends. READ MORE: Brian McFadden cheated on Kerry Katona with a stripper at his stag do      “We don’t see each other and hang out, but I’ve seen him around in the last few years and it’s actually been really nice. We had a couple of chats pre-Covid on the beach near where I live. “We’re not friends, but I feel an enormous amount of love for him because we shared this inflection point,” she continued. “Well, it was an inflection point for me. “I think it’s ok to call people out if you’re willing to stand by what you believe. I don’t think you should call people out just to get attention and I also think you can move on from that and grow and learn and I think about him in a very friendly way now.” She went on to discuss her memoir Managing Expectations, which arrived in bookstores earlier this month.     Minnie said: “Particularly having written this book - I feel like I wrote about our relationship such as it was with love and humour and you know this quite hilariously dramatic ending which from right now it does seem like just a really good story, you know. “But it’s because he was very young and I was pretty young. So, I mean, I was happy to see him,” she concluded. Matt and Minnie began dating on the set of the famous 90s film, Good Will Hunting, but Minnie didn’t learn that they were no longer an item until he told Oprah he didn’t have a girlfriend while he was on air. He said at the time: “I was with Minnie for a while, but we're not really romantically involved anymore, we're just really good friends.” READ MORE... Jamie Oliver sparks fury over Eton Mess - 'Attack on working class!' [LATEST]  Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home [UPDATE] James Martin full of regret over opening up about ex Barbara Broccoli [INSIGHT]    Since then, the pair have both dated a number of high-profile actors, but both now appear to be settled in their respective relationships. Minnie never married, but has been involved with filmmaker Addison O'Dea since 2019 and has a son Henry, 13, from a prior relationship. Matt got married to wife Luciana Barroso in 2005, who he met filming Stuck on You in Miami in April 2003. The couple share three daughters: Isabella Damon, 15, Gia Damon,13 and Stella Damon, 10.      Luciana also has a daughter named Alexia Barroso, 23, from a previous marriage, who Matt considers to be his own. Listen to How To Fail With Elizabeth Day here. Managing Expectations by Minnie Driver is out in bookstores now retailing at £20. Waterstones says: “Candid, eloquent and frequently laugh-out-loud funny, the Hollywood actor recounts scenes from her unorthodox life and career through a series of pitch-perfect essays about impossible dreams and adventure-filled emotional journeys.”   