James McGowan, 24, threatened to set Kelly Quinn, then 38, alight when she asked for drugs while already in debt. A court heard the thug then hit her over the head with an iron bar outside an address in Southport, Merseyside. Prosecutors said conflicting accounts of what happened next meant they couldn't be sure if McGowan set her ablaze. But after weeks in a coma, she remembered waking up covered in bandages like an Egyptian "mummy". Emergency services were called to flats in Southport at around 8.40pm on Boxing Day 2019. Ms Quinn was taken to hospital, Liverpool Echo reports. In January 2020, three men were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. The men, aged 35, 40 and 49, were later released without charge. But McGowan was investigated and eventually arrested on suspicion of administering a noxious substance with intent to injure, aggrieve, or annoy, assault causing actual bodily harm and breach of bail. He had gone on the run, Liverpool Crown Court heard.   McGowan was jailed this week for two years and 10 months. Sentencing him, Judge Anil Murray said: "She (Ms Quinn) got her drugs from you. You were not in an equal relationship. "Your intention must have been to terrify your victim in order to bring her into line. "I accept you did not set her on fire but you must have realised by pouring petrol on someone who smokes serious harm was foreseeable - there was a risk of serious harm occurring and it did occur." The court heard Ms Quinn, described as a "drug addict", visited McGowan for drugs in December 2019. But he told her "she owed him money for drugs she had already had." Graham Pickavance, prosecuting, said: "McGowan told her as she owed him money for drugs she had already had, she could have no more and if she did not leave the flat, he would come round and 'set her alight'." Mr Pickavance said McGowan had a Lucozade bottle he shook at Ms Quinn, who was left wet and could smell petrol. McGowan hit her over the head and she fell to the floor. McGowan's girlfriend Holly McCarthy "ragged her (Ms Quinn)" around. "She (Ms Quinn) then remembered being at the top of the stairs and being on fire. The last face she saw before being on fire was McGowan's," the lawyer continued. Ms Quinn shouted for help, then rolled down the stairs trying "to put herself out". She suffered 10-12% burns to her face, neck, left arm and hands. Angela Curry and her boyfriend Simon Bridge were in their flat and heard banging. A man smelling of petrol knocked on their door, entered and stashed a metal pole in their bedroom. Mr Pickavance said he told them: "I'm putting that in there, if you say anything, the same will happen to you." Ms Curry said she asked what was going on, but he left. Shortly afterwards, the couple said Ms Quinn arrived, who was "wet through" and they could smell petrol. She was with another man. They both asked for a cigarette and left after being given tobacco and cigarette papers. However, Mr Pickavance said Ms Quinn told police: "What's confusing me is when you came to the hospital, and you said I went downstairs for a cigarette... l remember doing that, but l don't think l was full of petrol then." Around 10 minutes later, the couple heard shouting and the fire alarm went off. Mr Bridge found Ms Quinn on the hallway floor. The prosecutor said: "She had toilet paper around her, which was on fire. He stamped it out. He saw her clothes were smouldering and her bra was smoking." Both witnesses identified McGowan as the man with the pole and Ms Quinn said he was the person who poured petrol on her. The Lucozade bottle was found containing petrol and bearing his fingerprint.  When arrested and interviewed, McGowan denied knowing Ms Quinn or attacking her. He claimed it was mistaken identity. McGowan, from Blackburn, Lancashire, "became involved with drugs" through using them after a difficult upbringing, the court heard. Michael Bagley, defending, said his client's guilty pleas were "the best way to show remorse". He said McGowan only intended to "scare" his victim and not "the dreadful consequences". He said McGowan's parents were drug addicts, his mum died when he was seven and he was put in care, before his aunt raised him. He had one conviction for aggravated vehicle taking as a youth. Mr Bagley said McGowan, who has a baby, gained qualifications in plastering and painting. McCarthy, also from Blackburn, admitted common assault. She was handed an 18-month community order, with a 15-day Rehabilitation Activity Requirement and 28-day home curfew in February. 