Silent Witness is back on BBC One tonight (May 31) and the upcoming episode sees the mystery racing towards the finish line. The six-episode season will see Jack Hodgson (played by David Caves) discover a secret from his father and he is sent to Belfast on an urgent mission. Meanwhile, Simone Tyler (Genesis Lynea) and Nikki Alexander (Emilia Fox) investigate a burned body. Who else is in the cast? Caroline is played by Glynis Barber in the new episode and she is a 66-year-old South African actress. The star is best known for playing Harriet Makepeace in the British police drama Dempsey and Makepeace. She has also played Glenda Mitchell in EastEnders, DCI Grace Barraclough in Emmerdale, Fiona Brake in Night and Day, and Soolin in Blake's 7. The star is also a voiceover artist, health and beauty writer, and the founder of Ageless by Glynis Barber. Cara is played by Rhiannon Jones and her character appeared in the 24th season of Silent Witness. Rhiannon is an actress and artist based in Liverpool and she specialises in textiles, quilting and embroidery. She has a passion for deaf representation on screen and on stage. READ MORE: Silent Witness stars tease big future for Jack and Nikki Charlie is played by Francesca Henry, an actress known for her roles in 2.0 Lucy and The Chelsea Detective. She has also starred in A Discovery of Witches and Doctors.  Another member of the Jarrett family is Iain and he is played by actor Mark Frost. The 54-year-old English actor is known for his roles on both stage and screen. He has played Steve Rawlings in Doctors and Jeffrey Simpson in The Bill. The star is also recognised as Tom Carne in Poldark and Ray Crosby in Coronation Street. Anna is played by Rosalyn Wright, an actress known for Anansi Boys, Innocent and Rare Beasts. The star has taken on guest roles in Hetty Feather and Doctors, as well as Star Stories. The last member of the Jarrett family is Ezra and he is played by Clive Russell. The 76-year-old actor is known for playing Chief Inspector Frederick Abberline in Ripper Street. He also played Angus O'Connor in Happiness and Brynden Tully in Game of Thrones. DON'T MISS...Silent Witness season 25 episode 3 cast: Who is in Mystery?Silent Witness' Jack Hodgson star admits fears over helicopter stuntSilent Witness series 25, episode 2 cast: Who stars in History? Declan Rodgers takes on a guest role in the upcoming episode and he is a 40-year-old Irish actor. The star is known for Patrick Melrose, St Mungo's and The Deceived. Oscar is played by David Leon, a 41-year-old English actor and director. The star is also known for his skills as a writer and producer. He has starred in Lives of the Saints and RocknRolla. Oliver is played by Chris Anderson, an Essex-born actor who has also starred in Coronation Street and All Of Us. His other credits include Floodlights, Emmerdale and Doctors. Eammon is played by Lalor Roddy, a 68-year-old Northern Irish actor known for his roles on stage and screen. One of his iconic roles on the screen is one of his briefest, as he played the assassin who tried to kill Bran Stark (Isaac Hempstead Wright) in The Kingsroad episode of Game of Thrones. Fiona Mulvaney has a guest role in the upcoming episode and she is a Northern Irish actress. She worked as a teacher before enrolling as a mature student to train as an actor. She has starred in I’ll Walk With God, Mammy and Sorry You Missed Me. Eleanor is played by Kate O'Toole, a TV and film actress known for playing Olivia Bernstein in Proof. She has also starred in Get Well Soon and Titanic: Blood and Steel. Silent Witness airs on BBC One at 9pm. 