Netflix crime drama Ozark has now finished with the saga of the Byrdes and their brush with a Mexican drug cartel at an end. The show has built up a loyal fanbase over the years, which is keenly aware any character could be killed off at a moment’s notice. However, the demise of Ben Davis (played by Tom Pelphrey) at the end of season three led to much speculation and theorising after the moment of death took place off-camera. Despite a scene featuring Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) consoling his devastated wife Wendy (Laura Linney) for giving the kill order, many fans simply refused to believe Ben had been bumped off by the Navarro Cartel’s hitman Nelson (Nelson Bonilla). Marty was even seen burning a body in the Byrdes’ incinerator with many a character going up in smoke. But still, some viewers believed the teacher had given been a stay of execution and would be making a comeback in a surprise twist. With the release of Ozark season four, part two, all of these theories have now been put to bed as the writers finally addressed the moment Ben met his maker with Pelphrey making a return but not quite in the way audiences expected. READ MORE: Ozark theory: Who did Jonah shoot in Ozark? The show picked up with Ben cutting a lonely figure in the diner after being abandoned by Wendy and Nelson turning up to execute him. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, actor Bonilla addressed the big scene and finally getting to shoot it. He said: “I was so excited to find out that Tom Pelphrey was coming back. I really like that guy. Maybe it's because we're both Jersey boys but we seem to hit it off right away.” “I think we both knew while we were shooting the scene in season three, where Nelson is walking up to the front of the restaurant while Ben was looking for Wendy, that it had big implications. “Especially since the show deliberately decided not to show Ben's death but simply lead into Wendy breaking down about her decision to give Ben up. “The fact that everyone loved Tom's performance and subsequently loved Ben was no surprise to me.” Bonilla went on to say of the powerful moment: “It was masterful and heartbreaking. But I had no idea that would cause so much speculation of Ben still being alive. “But we certainly loved the idea of putting all that speculation to rest” He added: “And we got to hang out again for a few days. I enjoyed every minute of all of it”. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle ‘reinforced’ rift between William and Harry [NEWS]Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah [VIDEO]TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money [REACTION] Bonilla also reflected on the series coming to close, saying he was gripped by the scripts: “Each one had me from the first page to the last.” He hailed the writers’ room headed by showrunner Chris Mundy for consistently serving up cliffhangers across 44 episodes and praised them for doing “amazingly well”. Ozark is Bonilla’s biggest part to date and has led to roles in the likes of TV series Sacrifice, The Haunting of Hill House, and Creepshow. Post-Ozark, Bonilla is busy working on a slew of other projects including a “loving but jaded father named Hank” in The Time Capsule opposite Deadpool’s Brianna Hildebrand. He will be appearing in the Lifetime TV movie Buried In Bastow as a police deputy coincidently named Louise Navarro. This summer Bonilla will be reprising his role on season two of BET+ show Sacrifice, where he stars opposite Paula Patton as her bodyguard and driver. Bonilla said: “Even though I love playing these heavies, it would appear that casting is finally starting to see me in a wider range of characters, which I also love.” Anyone interested in the actor can follow him on Twitter @NelsonBX13 or Instagram @nelsonbx13 Ozark is streaming on Netflix now