Cleaning extraordinaire Mrs Hinch rose to stardom with her nifty tips and tricks for completing household chores. She inspired an army of enthusiasts to create Mrs Hinch's Cleaning Tips, a Facebook forum where people offer their suggestions on household tasks. Ellie Mae Turner took to the Facebook group, looking for advice on how to clean one tricky kitchen appliance. She asked: "How do you all clean your air fryers? I've been putting off getting one because they look quite daunting to clean. "Also, do you have any recommendations for the best air fryer? Thanks in advance." Mrs Hinch fans flocked to the comments to offer their words of cleaning wisdom. Nicola Smith offered a simple solution: "I use dishwasher tablets and boiling hot water. READ MORE: Wallis Simpson's interiors in old home in Windsor are 'a nightmare'  "Leave it to soak for a hour then give it a good rinse out." Rebekah Livsey stated: "I use Elbow Grease if it's particularly messy then pop it in the dishwasher." Emma Satterford advised: "Mine is a quest and you can put the basket and drawer through the dishwasher which is brilliant." Fran Monson said: "I put a layer of foil on the bottom of mine and change after every use. "Take out the other bits and wash - l love it and it's easy to clean the pan." Maria McAllister turns to baking soda to clean her air fryer: Duzzit Amazing Baking Soda. "I use this stuff. I dry rub it on and scrape any excess off using a plastic spoon or anything that wont scrape off the film of your tray. "Repeat a few times if bad then rinse and should be like new!" Sam Bryan said: "Mine just goes in the dishwasher." Anna O'Donnell suggested: "I have a tower one. The basket comes off the handle and can go in the dishwasher or just soak in the sink and wash as usual." Ruth O'Neill seconded this: "I put mine in the dishwasher, I've had it about four years." Pat Campbell offered the following advice: "I don’t use any oil and wash it with warm soapy water straight after use." Imogen Barnard said: "I use Flash Bicarb of Soda." Shelby Nicole offered another simple solution: "Had an Actifry for several years, we wipe it down with a damp cloth once done." Starla Zabrina Bird gave a warning: "Just don’t use fry light in it, and it will be easy to clean!" Liz Gillespie cleans her Air Fryer in the sink with Fairy Liquid. Kerry Wright stated: "Hand wash in normal washing up liquid after each use. Easy peasy!" Others recommended a whole new appliance all together. Gail Goldsmith stated: "Ninja is fantastic and so easy to clean - all the bits just go in a normal washing up bowl or dishwasher. "Wouldn’t be without mine." Jane Westwood agreed: "I have a Ninja and I love it. "It just goes in the dishwasher. So easy to use and clean. I would highly recommend the Ninja."