French-Canadian crooner Celine Dion has shared a photo of herself, her late husband René Angélil, and Francine Chaloult on Instagram in honour of her late friend's contributions to her music career after the publicist sadly died aged 82. In her open letter to the deceased, who she affectionately referred to as "mom", she emotionally asked her to "kiss René for me". Celine wrote: "Conductor of show business, you masterfully directed the artists who agreed to play a Symphony of Friendship composed by you. "Endearing press secretary, funny and generous, communications strategist, your determination was scary and nothing and no one could resist you. "You demanded top billing and spectacular media coverage. The journalists knew it and respected a score written by you." She added a poignant call to action, telling the world: "It is now up to all of us to orchestrate your Farewell Symphony. READ NOW: Will Smith asked Jada Pinket Smith to be present for kissing scenes "Now glued-tight against [Francine's late husband] Georges-Hébert, your great love found again, enjoy the show without false notes that we offer you, with a heavy heart and a blurred look." She continued: "I know you will continue to take care of us mom. "You have taught and given me a lot; I loved you, I love you and will always love you... Celine xx…" Heartbreakingly, she attached one final sentence to her post: "P.S. Can I ask you one last little favour? Kiss René for me..." "It is with sadness that I wish to inform you of the death of my wife Dominique’s mother. "Mrs. Francine Chaloult would have been 83 years old on June 5th," he wrote. "During her career, she was the most extraordinary press attaché representing all the great artists of Quebec. She did her job with passion," he wrote on Facebook. Elsewhere, Celine has had a personal problem to contend with as well, after she was forced to postpone her eagerly anticipated tour on health grounds. She told her five million followers last month that she is on medication for agonising muscle spasms, which are preventing her from performing her shows. Admitting that she was feeling "frustrated" after cancelling her UK tour for the second time, she gave a public message of support to her fans, reassuring them she'd be back soon. She pledged on Instagram: "All I can say is that I’m doing my very best to get back to the level that I need to be so that I can give 100% at my shows because that’s what you deserve."