Freya Powell, six, was stranded abroad, desperately ­trying to get home after her family’s second flight in 24 hours was cancelled. Her mother Glenda, 40, said: “Absolute joke. This is the face of a six-year-old who is exhausted from travelling to an airport at 10pm and just wants to go home.” Travel firms could now be forced to pay out millions in compensation. Consumer groups called on the Government to take a tough stance with airlines and airports. The nightmare has seen many passengers stuck for more than 10 hours and people forced to sleep on airport floors. Many have complained of heaps of luggage going missing, empty shelves in airport shops and low supplies of food in restaurants. Thousands of holidays were plunged into disarray after callous holiday firms axed flights – some just an hour before take-off. This week was set to be the busiest for air travel since 2019, with many families set to take their first holiday abroad since March 2020. But ghastly scenes outside terminals have showed winding queues and passengers in despair. Travellers have branded Manchester Airport a “complete nightmare” while others compared Bristol to a “zoo”. James Sutton, who was stuck at Manchester Airport for 11 hours before his flight to Greece was cancelled, said: “There were lots of angry people with many in tears.” Mr Sutton, 50, of Warrington, Cheshire, said he had been due to take off on Sunday on the 7.55am flight to Heraklion, in Crete. He said: “It was a shambles. It took nearly three hours just to check-in with our bags. When we did get on the flight it couldn’t take-off as they didn’t know where anyone’s bags were. “After a few hours, the pilot decided to take everyone off and the flight was cancelled.” Manchester Airport has apologised for the general disruption. Scenes of long queues were also seen at Stansted, Heathrow and other major UK airports. Meanwhile, the Powell family said they had been left stranded in Cyprus since Saturday – and called on the “powers that be to step up”. They described the situation as an “absolute joke” and posted images of their “exhausted” six-year-old daughter Freya in tears. The Powell family have been at Paphos Airport, waiting for a flight home back to Manchester. Mother Glenda added: “There’s been a lot of coverage about those having holidays cancelled but not much about not being able to get home.” Consumer groups have called for the aviation regulator, the Civil Aviation Authority, to have the power to issue direct fines to airlines who disregard consumer law. Rory Boland, editor of Which? Travel, said: “Unacceptably long queues and widespread chaos at airports are causing huge amounts of stress to those who have planned to get away this half-term and bank holiday weekend. “The situation requires an immediate response and the Government must work with airlines and airports to ensure they have the resources and capacity to put an end to the last-minute flight cancellations and disruption we are seeing. “When their flight is cancelled, all most passengers want is to be put on another plane and taken to their destination. The Civil Aviation Authority should remind airlines of their duty to offer passengers the option of rebooking on any reasonable route as quickly as possible – even if that means using other carriers. Too often this legal requirement is not met. “The fiasco of domestic and international flight cancellations shows why consumer travel protections must be strengthened, not weakened.” All passengers whose flights are cancelled are entitled to new flights on the original day of departure if a seat is available, even if it is on a rival airline. Travel expert Simon Calder said: “If the cancellation was announced less than two weeks in advance and the airline is responsible, they are also due cash compensation.” The PM’s spokesman said: “We will continue to work with the ­aviation industry and be clear with them that we want to see disruption reduced to a minimum. That includes working with them in terms of recruitment.” A Government spokeswoman added: “An exceptionally high number of people travelling this half-term means that airports are busier than usual. “The aviation industry is responsible for making sure they have enough staff to meet demand, and we have been clear that they must step up recruitment to make sure disruption is kept to a minimum. “Using our post-Brexit freedoms, we have changed the law to provide the sector with more flexibility when training new employees, which will help it to fill vacancies more quickly.” Being stuck in that 12-mile traffic jam on the M5 into the West Country with an overheating engine and fractious children yelling in the back seats suddenly sounds quite appealing. Cowering under brollies on deckchairs by a rainswept beach in Yorkshire? Bring it on. Discovering that a pint of lager in London costs even more than a gallon of petrol? (It’s not actually that far off!). Well, I’ll drink to that! The prospects for getting away for a summer holiday abroad and avoiding stressful queues and flight delays do look a bit bleak. Britain’s airports have gone into some sort of terminal decline and are snatching defeat from the jaws of post-Covid holiday victory with passengers queuing just to get inside and hundreds of flights cancelled. British Airways’ check-in staff are apparently now threatening a walkout during the peak season in a dispute over reinstating pandemic pay cuts. And Civil Service job reductions threaten the processing of tens of thousands of passports in time for the school holidays. What next? Aliens land on the runway at Birmingham airport? An erupting volcano closes the port of Dover? But seriously, if you’ve not booked a summer holiday yet, you could be forgiven for sitting this one out and staying at home. Or if not actually at home, maybe grabbing a last-minute staycation. And why not? We live in one of the best tourist destinations on the planet and Covid forced millions of us to rediscover that, or discover that for the first time. OK, it’s not sunny every day, but we have wonderful scenery and a wealth of cultural and historic sights - enough to have attracted more than 39 million overseas visitors annually pre-pandemic. So, if you are put off by all these airport apocalypses and flight fiascos, you could do a lot worse than a holiday in our own treasured islands, in the countryside, or at the seaside. Anyone for a waffle cone, chocolate single scoop 99?