Organisers of the Miami Grand Prix thought outside the box regarding the track's layout design ahead of its inaugural race. The city hosted an opening ceremony last night as the drivers and team principals greeted hundreds of fans from the podium. The inaugural race will take place this Sunday at the Miami International Autodrome, situated within the campus of the Hard Rock Stadium. A large number of A-list stars including LeBron James, David Beckham, Ryan Reynolds and Renee Zellweger are set to attend the racing extravaganza this weekend. This is the first race to be held in the State of Florida since 1959, and multiple proposals for a race in Miami faced opposition - including hosting a race downtown. Furthermore, the original track layout at the Hard Rock Stadium was also subject to pushback due to its use of 199th Street. It meant that changes had to be made, including making the track tighter at what is now Turn 8, which in turn will keep drivers on their toes. Turn 8 then sets up a 1.4km run down to Turn 11, navigating the complex used for the Miami Open tennis tournament that concluded early last month. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton pain eased as Toto Wolff hints at Mercedes upturn with Miami 'experiments' The founder of Apex Circuit Design that designed the track, Clive Bowen, explained the process behind making the changes - which have allowed for a unique design. "We had to change a lot when 199th Street wasn't credible as an option,” he said, as quoted by motorsport.com. "But that introduced the opportunity for us to go a little bit mad. So instead of us going through the west [parking] lot and onto 199th Street, we turned a little tighter and navigated around the western gondola station. Then we drive straight through the centre of Miami Open tennis complex, which was unpopular as you can imagine. "So we had to work out how to engineer that, get the levels to work, get the drainage to work, get the relationships between the courts to still work, build the track before the tennis open itself was open to operate. "Once the tennis open was finished, we had to very quickly clear their apparatus away and convert it into the circuit." The new track bears similarities to other circuits on the F1 calendar, with Bowen comparing the high-speed run to Turn 11 to the final sector in Baku, Azerbaijan, and after drivers exit that particular turn, a stadium section is intended to be a tribute to the Foro Sol in Mexico City.  The Miami GP, which will be the first of two F1 races held in the States this season, designed the first track specifically with the 2022-spec cars in mind, the first F1 circuit to do so. "That sequence is really quite challenging for the car," Bowen said. "For the previous generation of F1 cars, that would also have resulted in the cars separating, but because of the '22 generation, we have the high ground effect and reduced turbulence over the bodywork, which means the cars can run close to each other. "We had a big collaborative effort with Formula 1 and their technical personnel to understand what the dynamics of these cars would be, and we designed the track accommodating that expected ground effect era." 