A very unlucky dad was given a £100 fine after he parked in an emergency consultant’s bay while having a heart attack. Clive Lucy, 56, drove himself to Northampton General Hospital while being in pain and panicked. During the ordeal, he failed to notice that he parked in a restricted spot. Mr Lucy believed that he rightfully parked in a disabled bay as he owns a disabled badge, The Sun reported. He added that he was in “severe stress” when admitted to A&E while suffering from chest pains. The 56-year-old has now criticised the NHS Trust for handing him a £100 fine. He added that he was initially offered a reduced price on the fine that would see him pay £40. READ MORE: Elderly drivers should take 'eyesight tests' to stay on the road Mr Lucy’s daughter, Tamzin Lucy, told The Sun: “My dad had a heart attack which is really concerning anyway, and he drove himself to the hospital. “Obviously he wasn’t paying attention and was trying to get to the hospital as quickly as he could. “We know now that he parked in the consultant's space and that is wrong, but he did it while panicking and in pain. “He paid it initially, because he just wanted it to be over, and they did reduce it to £40. DON'T MISS Drivers should not let new ‘cash cow’ bus lane rules win [INSIGHT] Road users should be protected from elderly drivers [REVEAL] Bank holiday driving checklist [ADVICE] “But honestly it’s horrible, he had a heart attack and was in a confused state. “It wasn’t anything intentional, and they’re just ruthless with it. “They have now refunded him which is good. “Dad just wanted to get it over with but they should have just been kinder about it all.” After the initial appeal from Mr Lucy, the hospital refused to cancel the fine. It said that despite empathising with the 64-year-old the fine was issued correctly. However, after issuing a review, the trust, with the help of GroupNexus who help to run the car park, said that the signage around the bay was inadequate. The fine was then refunded to Mr Lucy. A GroupNexus spokesman said: “We have now been back and reviewed the case and agreed to cancel the PCN in question. “However, as I am sure you are aware, it can endanger many lives when people park on the ambulance bays so usually it is not looked on with much leniency. “In this case it was a serious issue and we are all pleased the motorist in question received the medical care he needed and made a speedy recovery.” A Northampton General Hospitals Trust spokeswoman said: “We would like to apologise for any distress caused to Mr Lucy and thank him for bringing this matter to our attention. “Following a review of the signage in the bay, which is for Emergency Consultants only, improvements will be made to ensure the bay is more clearly signposted. “We will also be refunding the cost of Mr Lucy’s fine to him.”