Speaking to GB News, Dr Peter Caddick-Adams said that Russia has “no interest” in looking after civilians caught in the crossfire of the invasion of Ukraine. He added that the fact that Russia had bombed the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv while United Nations secretary-general Antonio Guterres was present was evidence that Russia would not heed concerns about international peace during this conflict.    Dr Caddick-Adams said: “The Russians are really not interested in humanitarian corridors. And they have demonstrated that time after time. “This is in a week where the United Nations secretary-general was visiting President Zelensky in Kyiv and Russian missiles came down on the capital when he was there. “So that really is Russia saying, 'we are acting unilaterally and we’re not going to have anybody dictate to us how we are going to behave.' “And really, humanitarian concerns are just not ‘our business’. And goodness me, it’s day 67 of what was originally going to be a three-day war. “We’re into the third month and almost every day we’ve had reports of Russian atrocities, humanitarian outrages, and I weep for the people of Mariupol because it’s not going to get any easier for them.”    It was reported that 20 civilians have been allowed to escape from the Azovstal steelworks after weeks of relentless bombing. On Saturday, a Ukrainian fighter inside said that 20 women and children had made it out. "We are getting civilians out of the rubble with ropes - it's the elderly, women, and children," said the fighter, Sviatoslav Palamar, referring to the wreckage. Palamar said Russia and Ukraine were respecting a local ceasefire and he hoped the evacuated civilians would be taken to the northwest city of Zaporizhzhia. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin horror as Russian TV shows nuclear attack on UK [LIVE]   Russian forces have also allegedly captured the town of Kherson in southern Ukraine after relentlessly attacking the region with missiles. The victory gives them a foothold just 60 miles north of Russian-annexed Crimea, affording them a major strategic position. Ukrainian military sources said today that Russian forces were fighting to break beyond Kherson's administrative borders and prepare the way for attacks on the cities of Mykolayiv and Kryvyi Rih. Russia claimed that in Ukraine’s defence of the city of Kherson, forces had bombed a school, kindergarten, and cemetery in the villages of Kyselivka and Shyroka Balka in the Kherson region. DON'T MISS: Chechen officer killed on air as he boasts about defeating Ukrainians [REVEAL] Putin on brink as Russian army 'may not survive in Donbas' [REPORT] Putin desperately 'worried' about coup plot amid mysterious deaths [INSIGHT] US House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi, meanwhile, became the latest Western official to visit Kyiv in a show of support for Ukraine. She said: "We believe that we are visiting you to say thank you for your fight for freedom ... Your fight is a fight for everyone.” In a video that was shared by Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky on Twitter, she added: “Our commitment is to be there for you until the fight is done.” Reports have also emerged that Russian forces destroyed the runway at the main airport in the southwestern city of Odesa, said regional governor Maksym Marchenko, but no one was hurt.   