Gabriel Agbonlahor claims "something doesn't feel right" between Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp and his leading goalscorer Mohamed Salah. The former Aston Villa captain believes Salah's body language during Tuesday's match against his old side showed there was a problem between the duo. The Egyptian started on the bench for the Premier League clash at Villa Park. Liverpool were 2-1 ahead when he was brought onto the pitch in the 71st minute in place of Luis Diaz. Salah has 22 league goals to his name this season, just two clear of Tottenham's Son Heung-min in the race for the Golden Boot. Agbonlahor believes the 29-year-old was not happy to be only given 20 minutes by Klopp to attempt to widen the gap to the South Korean. Speaking on talkSPORT, the pundit said: "I could see his body language yesterday on the bench, the camera kept going to him, he didn't look happy. And when he finally came on after 70 minutes, when I looked at him he didn't look happy. READ MORE: Man Utd’s improved XI if John Murtough signs four free agents for Erik ten Hag  "He was shaking his head as if like 'I'm only getting 20 minutes'. Players like Salah, he wants goals doesn't he. "Son's two goals away from him, Salah will want to win top goalscorer. Something doesn't feel right between him and Klopp, for me." Agbonlahor also thinks Salah's contract situation is not helping matters. His current deal expires at the end of next season. Agbonlahor says Manchester City's capture of Erling Haaland could bring about further tension in the negotiations with Salah and team-mate Sadio Mane. He added: "We've seen the figures that are reported for Haaland's contract, £375,000 a week. DON'T MISSMan Utd can sign their very own Erling Haaland from exquisite four-man shortlist [OPINION]Four free agents Man Utd could sign after board tell Erik ten Hag to 'search for bargains' [TRANSFERS]Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo has already fired a warning to Erling Haaland [INTERVIEW]  "Salah will be looking at that and saying 'I'm not changing my terms, I want over £300,000 a week, you give it to me or I'm going'. That's going to have a knock-on effect for Mane. "There's talk of Mane to Bayern Munich, Mane's going to want a lot of money. Not probably £300,000 or £350,000 but he's going to want over £200,000, £250,000 for sure because they're going to want their worth. "And what they've done for Liverpool, especially this season, the goals, you can't blame Salah for wanting it. So there's a problem there, for me, for Liverpool."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here