Research carried out by Euro Car Parts has shown that the UK is nowhere near ready to accommodate electric vehicles. This is despite the fact that the number of charging points has increased by 33 percent across the country. The figures also revealed that London is the most prepared city for EVs. However, other UK regions are still struggling to meet the demand as the popularity of Ultra Low Emission Vehicles (ULEVs) has grown over the last year. Analysing the latest data from the Department for Transport (DfT), the car parts specialists have found that there are currently 30,290 recorded electric vehicle charging points across the UK. This is up by 33 percent compared to last year. READ MORE: Now campaigners want ELECTRIC cars to be taxed more as they 'pollute' The research also revealed massive growth in the number of licensed Ultra Love Emission Vehicles in the UK. The figures showed the numbers jumping from 373,227 in quarter three of 2020 to 644,818 in the same quarter of 2021. This in turn marked an uplift of 71 percent. The huge disparity between the number of charging points and electric vehicles means that drivers will struggle to charge their cars. DON'T MISS British motorists question the value of electric cars [REVEL] British drivers slam the idea that elderly drivers are dangerous [INSIGHT] Driver fined by parking company after being sold non-existing space [SHOCKING] Regional research has shown that certain regions of the UK only have two charging points per 100 drivers. On top of this, the DfT has acknowledged the need for improvement on the services already in place. They emphasised that better access and usage of charging points are vital when moving forward. At the time of writing, London tops the bill as being the most prepared region in the UK, having around 13 charging points per 100 ULEVs. This is closely followed by the North East, with 11 charging points per 100 licenses. At the other end of the scale, the South West only has two charging points per 100 vehicles. The region has a total of 2,091 available chargers despite being home to over 85,000 EVs. When it comes to the greenest drivers, Southern England comes in first with 371,005 ULEV licenses. On the other hand, the North, which includes North West, North East and Yorkshire and the Humber, is home to only 130,379 ULEV license holders. Speaking on the data, Helen Robinson, corporate communications director at Euro Car Parts, said: “It’s great to see the number of licenses and infrastructure surrounding ULEVs rising year on year in the UK as the country looks to a more sustainable future. “However, the data is clear that we’re still not ready for an EV future. "In order for the transition from petrol or diesel to electric to be successful, the UK must be able to meet the demand and provide ample charging points for drivers.”