Sharon Osbourne, who began her talk-show role on Piers Morgan's Uncensored last month, battled trauma recently after learning that husband Ozzy had been struck down with Covid. The news prompted a panicked dash back to LA - but now there is better news in store for Sharon, after discovering she has a grandchild on the way. An ecstatic Sharon took to her Instagram account to share the news with her 1.1 million followers. Unveiling a photo of her daughter clutching the baby scan photo, she enthused: "My heart could not be more full! "So excited to share the beautiful journey ahead with you @kellyosbourne." Kelly caught coronavirus last month after spending time with father Ozzy while he recovered from the potentially deadly disease. READ NOW: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady However, now it looks like she is recovering well and preparing for the new arrival. Earlier this year, the 37-year-old confirmed that she is loved up with gothic Slipknot star Sid Wilson, 45. The lilac-haired TV personality has now posted her own message detailing the reason for her recent social media silence. "I know that I have been very quiet these past few months so I thought I would share with you all as to why," she explained. "I am over the moon to announce that I am going to be a Mumma. "To say that I am happy does not quite cut it. I am ecstatic!" Meanwhile, on Sharon's page, more than 23,000 followers poured their blessings and encouragement onto the post. @luna.bear.princess.gemini urged: "Yes keep that bloodline going the world needs more Osbournes." DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz announces arrival of twins in sweet post [UPDATE] Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to Deborah James after final post [TRIBUTE] BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST]  @alejandra.perdomo.o echoed: "Good news for You all ... A lot of LOVE for the growing family." @mikebrett80 chimed in: "Amazing news! She’ll be a great mumma! Congrats to you all." Kelly has a brother, Jack, who already has three daughters with his ex-wife Lisa Stelly, making Kelly's forthcoming arrival the fourth grandchild for Sharon. Meanwhile Sharon's eldest child, daughter Aimee, likes to keep out of the spotlight and does not appear publicly often. She declined to appear on the MTV show The Osbournes too, which was widely regarded as the first series to spark off the trend for reality TV. This was due to it airing years before the likes of Keeping Up With The Kardashians and Love Island. "My eldest girl, Aimée, left home at 16," Sharon previously admitted on her show The Talk. "She couldn't live in our house because we were filming and it drove her insane. "She felt too that she didn't want to grow up on camera. She hated the idea. It was appalling to her."