Queen Elizabeth II, now 96, celebrates a record-breaking 70 years on the throne in 2022. Her reign is the longest of any British monarch, and Britons who have spent their entire lives living with her as their head of state will want celebrate with her. While the official occasion is still almost a month away, one highly sought after item - a commemorative £5 coin - is already available. Commemorative £5 coins are a mainstay of almost any landmark event or famous figure celebrated in the UK and come from the Royal Mint, which creates a limited supply for a vast range of subjects ranging from Mr Men to the Lunar new year. Their latest project celebrates the Queen with a one-off design for her Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: Platinum Jubilee celebration: Schedule as Queen honoured by celebs Some may question the need to celebrate the Queen with a coin, given that her portrait already features on all of those circulating in the UK. But the commemorative £5 differs in key ways from the average currency, starting with its imagery. The keepsake is made and sold by the Royal Mint and includes designs that have never been featured on British coinage before. Instead of the Queen's profile, the mint has added a picture of the monarch on horseback that appears to reference a portrait painted by Leonard Boden. On the reverse is another never-before-seen design, a crest created for the mint by renowned artist John Bergdahl. The two designs are printed on a "Brilliant Uncirculated" coin, which is a grade higher than standard British coinage. Each coin comes in a package exploring how the Queen's coinage portraits have changed during her reign. People can buy the coin straight from the Royal Mint website or via the Westminster Collection, one of the mint's official partners, for £10. The Royal Mint £5 coins have existed for more than 30 years, with the first minted in 1990. They began as a continuation of the now-defunct crown denomination, which eventually became the 25p coin before it too was dropped in 1981. The £5 coin replaced it as a primarily commemorative denomination intended as a souvenir. Every coin produced by the mint functions as a currency, making it legal tender, but people will rarely find the £5 version outside its official website. Given their primary purpose, the only way they enter circulation is via people who have bought them as a souvenir. Banks do not issue them, and shops are not obliged to accept the coins as payment for goods or services. People may have to exchange them before they are of any use, which will net them a £5 sum in a note or change, half the price the mint asks on its website.