Alfie and Kenneth Springthrope from Sidcup caused a Jet2 flight to be diverted with their behaviour. The London Stansted flight was flying to Crete when it had to be diverted to Corfu, leading to an almost four hour delay for other passengers. The airline posted a statement which said the two brothers had shown “violent and aggressive behaviour”. It said the pair had displayed unacceptable levels of aggression and even physical violence. Phil Ward, managing director of Jet2 said: “The deplorable behaviour of these two passengers left our highly trained crew with no choice but to divert the aircraft to the nearest airport so that the police could offload them. “This means that their actions directly impacted customers looking forward to enjoying their well-deserved holidays in Crete, as well as customers and crew who then had to stay in a hotel for an unwanted extra night. READ MORE: Meghan Markle must follow 'dozens of protocols' travelling to the UK “It is completely unacceptable that the pair caused such disruption for so many people and they must now face the consequences of their actions. “As a family friendly airline, we take a zero-tolerance approach to such behaviour and we have a successful track record when it comes to pursuing and recovering any losses that we incur. “We would of course also like to apologise to everyone impacted by this behaviour, which is thankfully very rare. “Now that international travel has reopened properly, we hope this acts as a timely reminder that acting in a disruptive fashion can lead to very serious consequences.” During the lengthy diversion, the Jet2 crew ran out of operating hours and were unable to operate the return flight to London. They had to stay overnight at Heraklion airport which led to additional costs for the budget airline. Food and drink had to be provided for over 200 customers and crew due to the disruptive incident. The airline has said it will vigorously pursue the costs incurred by the lengthy diversion in Corfu. It added that it would support the authorities with any subsequent investigation into the incident. The airline has a “zero tolerance” approach to aggressive behaviour and recently hit another British passenger with a lifetime ban. Catherine Bush was given a £5,000 bill and a lifetime Jet2 ban after “aggressive, abusive and dangerous behaviour” onboard. The incident occured on a four and a half hour flight to Turkey from Manchester which was forced to divert to Vienna. One passenger told Manchester Evening News that Bush was really “angry towards Jet2 staff”. At the time the airline said it had made it “abundantly clear” that there was a zero-tolerance approach to such behaviour. Bush later said she felt “ashamed” of herself and wanted to “apologise from the bottom of my heart”. She claimed she had never flown alone before.