Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started sharing unusual cleaning tips and tricks. With more than four million followers, the cleaning guru now shares more day-to-day life content, and her followers share their own hacks on Facebook. This includes tips on how to clean smeary mirrors. Juliet Moore took to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips page and asked: “What is the best way to clean mirrors? Mine always look smeary.” Residue can build-up on the glass and give a mirror a smeary appearance. This includes make-up, grease and fingerprints. If not cleaned properly, this can build-up over time, making it harder to remove. READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods The Mrs Hinch fan’s comment attracted more than 100 comments from group members all sharing their tips. Chris Stevens wrote: “Plain water and a microfibre cloth. Then buff with a dry cloth. “All products will leave streaks. Use water and you’ll have no streaks, either hot or cold.” June Brown replied: “That’s what I do for my windows, it works great.” DON'T MISS:Houseplants: ‘Increase watering schedule’ but use ‘pencil’ trick first [INSIGHT]Houseplants: ‘Easiest’ way to check if your plant needs repotting [EXPERT]Japanese knotweed hotspots for 2022 unveiled - is your area affected? [EXPLAINER] Carley Pearson said: “It’s the cloth that matters, use water with it, it’s the best. I picked up a 46p microfibre cloth online and it’s changed the game of cleaning.” Sophie Shears added: “I always keep a stock of microfibre cloths handy. They don’t need any product and can clean lots of things.” Some Mrs Hinch fans recommended using the Minky M Cloth for Glass and Window. The company behind the green cloth said: “M Cloth Glass & Window is made from millions of tightly woven high density microfibres, which quickly removes dirt and grease from windows and other glass surfaces. “Its generous size makes light work of large surface areas, leaving a crystal clear finish every time.” Tray Hudson commented: “Minky window cloth! I always use it, can be used on anything.” Others recommended using a small amount of white vinegar along with a microfibre cloth. Jasmine Palliser said: “White vinegar works wonders for me.” Tracey Ann wrote: “Use white vinegar with a drop of washing up liquid in a bottle.” The acidic nature of white vinegar is so powerful it can dissolve dirt, grease, and grime. It is also strong enough to kill bacteria. However, only a small amount of the product should be used and it is recommended to dilute it in water first.