Manchester United face a challenging task in offloading right-back flop Aaron Wan-Bissaka permanently this summer, despite interest from boyhood club Crystal Palace. Wan-Bissaka has failed to live up to his £50million price tag at Old Trafford and could return to south London later this year. According to BBC Sport, Palace are considering a move for the 24-year-old, who left Selhurst Park in a big-money move in 2019. However, due to his lofty £90,000-a-week wages at United, the Eagles would likely only be willing to complete a loan deal for his return. With Joel Ward and Nathaniel Clyne now in their thirties and Nathan Ferguson suffering fitness issues this season, right-back is an area Patrick Viera wants to bolster in the summer transfer window. And the Frenchman could end Wan-Bissaka's misery under Ralf Rangnick in M16. Despite the England U21 international's woes for the most part of the current campaign, incoming United manager Erik ten Hag could offer him a new lease of life. The Dutchman is yet to complete his evaluation of which players he would like to keep beyond the summer. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp's classy touch after Villarreal win  Wan-Bissaka was a stalwart of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's reign, making 100 appearances in the Norwegian's two full seasons as manager. But since Rangnick took charge, Diogo Dalot has replaced him as first-choice right-back due to concerns over his ability going forward and defensive awareness. It's unsurprising Palace are reluctant to sanction his return to the club on a permanent basis, given he would automatically become their third-highest earner if he remained on his £90,000-a-week wages. But if Ten Hag decides to recruit right-back reinforcements of his own, perhaps Ajax's Jurrien Timber, a loan deal with only part of his salary covered is a possibility. READ MORE: Man Utd trio futures up in the air as Erik ten Hag finds '8-man core'  Wan-Bissaka burst onto the senior scene as a 19-year-old in the 2017-18 season under Roy Hodgson, impressing many with his fearless tackling in a largely defensive team. He then made 39 appearances in the 2018-19 campaign, prompting United to splash £50m for his services. But in a side where full-backs are more obliged to attack, Wan-Bissaka's flaws became clear early as he struggled to replicate Luke Shaw's impact on the left flank. At the dawn of a new era at United, he could either reclaim a starting berth or depart the Red Devils, temporarily or for good. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.