Chelsea lost the FA Cup final to Liverpool on penalties at Wembley on Saturday evening. In a repeat of the Carabao Cup final between the same two teams, neither team could score inside 120 minutes. And after Mason Mount's spot-kick miss, Kostas Tsimikas stepped up to hand the Reds a 6-5 shootout victory to add to their League Cup triumph. Express Sport rates and slates the Blues after their defeat. Edouard Mendy - 7 Allowed to do penalties this time, trumped his Carabao Cup heroics with save against Mane - but to no avail. Trevoh Chalobah - 6 A few early nerves when Liverpool pressed in the opening exchanges and occasionally lost his marker, but his pace was essential. Thiago Silva - 7 His reading of the threat and communication helped get Chelsea defenders where they were needed. Perfect foil for faster partners. Antonio Rudiger - 7 Put all the uncertainty that has surrounded his past few months behind him to turn in a strong and accomplished performance.  Reece James - 7 Composed, calm with his penalty and also threat going forward - struck the perfect balance with keeping Liverpool’s full-backs at bay. Jorginho - 6 Struggled a little with the pace of play but used his intelligence to draw fouls to break up play and back on form from the penalty spot. Mateo Kovacic - 6 Battled through the pain value to bring energy to the Chelsea midfield and keep Liverpool wary of the possibility of a counter. Marcos Alonso - 8 Great chance in the first half when he allowed Alisson to smother his shot and fantastic effort off the bar. Scored opening penalty. Mason Mount - 5 Always happy to do much of the heavy-lifting when it comes to the press, but his penalty miss will haunt him. Christian Pulisic - 6 Inches wide with a shot in the first half - it is these near misses that have made his Chelsea career so agonisingly frustrating. Romelu Lukaku - 5 Kai Havertz’s hamstring injury gave him the stage to make everything all right but taken off after 85 minutes without making an impact. N'Golo Kante (Kovacic 66) - 6 Hakim Ziyech (Lukaku 85) - 6 Cesar Azpilicueta (Chalobah 105) - 6 Ruben Loftus-Cheek (Pulisic 105) - 5 Ross Barkley (Loftus-Cheek 120) - N/A