Lorraine Kelly has criticised the President's national address following a mass shooting at a Texas primary school where 19 students and two teachers were killed by an 18-year-old gunman. She told ITV viewers on Wednesday's instalment of her show his statement "just isn't going to cut it" and warned "this will happen" again if gun laws do not change. Lorraine hit out at the President's choice of words to the nation while she was speaking with Ross King who appeared on her show live from Los Angeles.Lorraine emotionally said: “Truly appalling and shocking news from the US overnight."Here we are again, another mass shooting and it doesn’t seem to ever end. “He’s the President of the United States, he has to try to do something, of course, he has.” READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon  The Scottish broadcaster continued: “Maybe if we change the language? "Instead of calling it gun control, which seems to put the hackles up, we call it gun safety?   "It just isn’t, they’ve got to do something. Definitely.” Lorraine has been vocal about her support for changes in gun laws since she reported on the tragic Dunblane massacre in 1996. The shooting happened at Dunblane Primary School, in Scotland, on March 13 when Thomas Hamilton killed 16 pupils and a teacher. He also injured 15 others before killing himself - it remains the deadliest mass shooting in British history. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly ‘looks better now’ than decades ago, GMB star claims [PICTURES]Lorraine blasts Vardy and Rooney court case 'Get over yourselves' [MUST SEE]Emmerdale's Ethan Anderson star opens up on project away from soap  [EMMERDALE] Speaking of Dunblane, Lorraine said: “Things did change because the families made it change. "They had to lobby very hard and obviously people in the country wanted to help as well and signed the petition, and changed the law, which is a remarkable achievement for families who were grieving. "But in America, they don’t seem to have the same sort of support.  “Surely any rational person would want to change this, to protect our children and our teachers."  A baffled Lorraine told Ross: "It doesn’t make any sense at all.” The mass shooting in Texas happened on Tuesday at Robb Elementary School. It is the worst shooting at an American primary school since six adults and 20 pupils died at Sandy Hook school a decade ago. It is understood medical centres in Texas are now calling for residents to donate blood to help victims of the attack. Lorraine continues on weekdays at 9am on ITV.