Beat the Chasers returned on Monday, May 16 but ITV regular Anne Hegerty, unfortunately, missed out on the series due to testing positive for coronavirus. Not wanting to let viewers down, ITV bosses flew in Australian quizzer Issa Schultz to take her place on the panel. On Wednesday, Issa told This Morning presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield how he was approached and the whirlwind journey he had travelling to the UK. After speaking about how he first got the job on the Australian version of the Chase, Phillip asked: "The Governess Anne Hegerty tests positive for Covid. "You got the call, when did you get it? How did it happen? And how much notice were you given?" Recalling the incident and laughing, Issa explained: "So I was settled down in bed, I am very much a night owl, and about 1am I think it was I had a call from a double four number, a UK number." Detailing how he initially ignored the call, he explained: "I sort of went, 'Oh whatever', and then my Australian boss rang me again at 1am and said, 'You need to take this call, you need to take it now'. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot "It was one of the executive producers, Helen, who said basically, 'Can you get on a plane?' "That morning, I think it was seven or eight hours later. "I spent all night packing, 'Where is my passport?' Packed some clothes and yeah, that is quite literally how it happened. "I got on the plane, three flights to get out of Australia, and I think it was just under 24 hours with all the stopping and changing, and when I landed, we went straight to studio. "There was no time for sleep we had to get the outfits worked out and straight into gameplay, and on the first episode, Mark very kindly said, 'If you wonder why he is a bit quiet, it's probably because he is feeling a bit like a zombie right now'." Issa stars as The Supernerd on The Chase Australia and has done since 2015, to which Holly asked whether there were any differences in the British quizzers compared to Australian ones. He explained: "Oh, they are very good, Holly, there are quiz leagues pretty much in every county I think, and I knew that because I have done international quizzing against the Brits. "So I sort of treated every contestant that came down the stairs as a threat, a potential victor because, for all I know, they could be in some sort of quiz league. "It was a great game all around, and Bradley the ringmaster makes it fun for everybody, doesn't he?" DON'T MISS...Shaun Wallace speaks out on ditching The Chase persona  [INSIGHT]Bradley Walsh jokes about 'deporting' Beat the Chasers newcomer  [LATEST]Mark Labbett defends Anne Hegerty's ‘quiet’ replacement on The Chase [WATCH] Anne spoke highly of her replacement recently at the Pride of Manchester Awards and told OK!: "Beat The Chasers is on, 9pm every night, and that's the series I wasn't on because I got Covid. "So that's the series that's got one of our Australian Chasers on it, I think he's going to be brilliant, I think you are all going to love him. He's a smashing bloke!" While Issa’s role is only temporary at the moment, with Anne expected to return for the next series, he has previously admitted he'd like to join Beat the Chasers permanently. He told the Radio Times: "I'm very nerdy – I mean, we're all nerdy, but I'm particularly nerdy. I like my video games. "I love the quizzing, obviously, my books and reading and don't go out much... so yeah, if they asked, I'd definitely say yes, I'd be silly not to." He added: "I'd love to explore that Bradley bond. A lot of the success is that Chaser-Bradley bond. "He has a unique relationship with every Chaser on that set. I would love to develop my own." Beat The Chasers continues Wednesday, Thursday and Friday at 9pm on ITV. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.