Tottenham star Son Heung-min has a huge chance to win this season’s Premier League Golden Boot after Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp revealed his main rival for the honour Mohamed Salah could miss Tuesday’s clash with Southampton. Son has been in remarkable form in recent weeks and had bagged an incredible 10 goals in his last eight top flight matches ahead of Spurs’ clash with Burnley this afternoon. And that has taken his season tally to 21 league goals. Son’s fecund spell in front of goal means he is now just one strike behind Salah in the race to win this season’s Golden Boot, despite the fact the Egypt international had scored 15 times before Christmas. Salah’s goalscoring endeavours have receded since the turn of the year and his chances of winning the individual accolade took a hit this weekend after he was forced off during Liverpool’s FA Cup final victory over Chelsea. The 29-year-old went down next to the centre-circle just after the half-hour mark of the Wembley showdown and was replaced by Diogo Jota. READ MORE: Arsenal's shortlist shrinks by one as star told he's 'going nowhere'    And Klopp has explained that Salah and Virgil van Dijk, who was also forced off, look set to sit out his side’s next encounter. “I think [Salah and Van Dijk] are kind of okay,” Klopp said after the match. “I don't think they will be ready for Tuesday to be honest. I don't think they would have been ready for Tuesday anyway. But I think they are alright - it was more of a precaution.” If Salah does miss the Reds’ clash with the Saints, he will only have one more Premier League game in which to attempt to win the Golden Boot. And that match comes next Sunday when Liverpool host Wolves. The title race could be decided before that match - so Salah might not even start it. DON'T MISS Gabriel Jesus urged to 'take risk' and quit Man City to join Arsenal Tottenham star Son Heung-min's comments will worry Antonio Conte Arsenal issued Calvert-Lewin transfer message by Lampard    And Son will be looking to take full advantage of Salah’s predicament. Spurs face Norwich in their final match of the season in a week’s time and the encounter could decide whether the north Londoners secure a top four finish. With so much potentially riding on the game, Antonio Conte’s men will be motivated to do the business. And Son will therefore have two reasons to put in a top performance. The South Korea international has never won the Premier League Golden Boot and is unlikely to have a better chance to ever do it. And he could score a hatful against Norwich to cap his most productive season ever and thwart Salah at the 11th hour.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 