New research conducted by media regulator Ofcom has found that more and more people are taking out new contracts and getting better deals from their broadband provider. It is believed that this is due to a relatively recent rule change which means broadband companies must warn their customers if their contracts are up, which leads to households negotiating a better deal. As a result, families are seeing an average saving of £110 which will come in useful during the cost of living crisis. Various broadband providers have implemented this rule change and have successfully kept customers by offering better deals. For example, Ofcom reports that Plusnet has a rise of 13 percentage points in the number of customers taking out a new deal as a result of them receiving a prompt. Furthermore, BT, EE and Virgin Media saw a 10 percent rise in their customers taking out a new deal after the rule change was introduced in 2020. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years Ernest Doku, a telecoms expert at Uswitch.com, discussed how much people can save if they take the time to search for a better deal. Mr Doku explained: “Life is challenging for consumers right now, so it’s important that the rules in place inform how to access the best deals on the market and keep household bills as low as possible. “Millions of broadband customers have received an end-of-contract notification or out-of-contract reminder since the changes were introduced in 2020, and it’s great to see the average household is saving £110 by taking action after an alert is issued. “Many of the UK’s biggest broadband providers are reporting increases in the amount of people moving to new deals, and by doing so they are often getting better speeds for the same price or less.” James Mackley, Ofcom's Economics director, shared his delight on the savings people are making on their broadband bill. The regulatory expert noted that it was “worth checking” that households see what deals are accessible to them going forward. Mr Mackley explained: “It’s encouraging to see more people saving money after we made it easier to grab a better deal. “This is particularly important at a time when household budgets are under heavy strain, as the potential savings available can be significant. “So it’s worth checking if you’re out of contract, and seeing what deals are available.” The regulator’s recent finding comes after it previously discovered the number of broadband customers who are out of contract has dropped. According to Ofcom’s research, households out of contract fell from 8.7 million in 2019 to 7.4 million in 2020. It is believed 1.3 million broadband users have been able to secure better deals since the introduction of prompts which have encouraged consumers to shop around. Cristina Luna-Esteban, Ofcom’s director of Telecoms Consumer Protection, added: “Prompts from providers are turning into pounds in people’s pockets. “It’s great to see more people shopping around and saving money since we took action. But millions are still potentially paying more than they need to. “We’ve made it easier to grab a better deal, so it’s worth taking a few minutes to check what’s out there.”