Steven Gerrard has been left amazed by Luis Diaz's potential trophy haul if Liverpool win the Champions League final against Real Madrid. Diaz starts at the Stade de France on Saturday night, having been a revelation since arriving at Anfield in the January transfer window. He played the first 18 games of the season for Porto, who went on to win Portugal's Primeira Liga this term. The Colombian scored 14 goals in those appearances, to play a key role in that title win. He also featured three times in Porto's run to winning the Taca de Portugal, as well as winning the Carabao Cup and FA Cup after arriving at Liverpool. Having qualified for both of Porto's trophy wins this term, it means that he could win an astonishing five pieces of silverware. That is a number that left Liverpool legend Gerrard stunned when it was revealed to him by BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey. "Who knows how many trophies he might win this season, any guesses?" Humphrey asked, with Gerrard replying "Three, no?" READ MORE: Ferdinand and Owen agree on Mane's acts before Champions League final Humphrey quickly revealed that Gerrard was wrong though, to the Aston Villa boss' surprise. "Five, he qualifies for Porto for both the cup and the league as well. So he could end the season with five trophies," Humphrey said, to which Gerrard replied "Really?" Gerrard had earlier hailed Diaz for his impact on Liverpool since completing his winter move from Porto. The Villa chief pointed to the deal as being evidence of the Reds standing within the Premier League. DON'T MISS: Ferdinand 'didn't like' what he saw in Liverpool's final preparations (INSIGHT)Ferdinand leaves BT Sport pundits in stitches with pre-match playlist (NEWS)Chelsea icon Fabregas trying to thwart Liverpool with Barcelona plea (TRANSEFRS) "Like a duck to water. And that's what the best teams do. That's where I think Liverpool are at the moment. They've got three top and they've got Jota who's well capable of playing in this starting XI. So they're in a fantastic place from a front line point of view," Gerrard said of Diaz's arrival. Diaz has broken into Klopp's strongest XI, with Sadio Mane moving into the centre and Diogo Jota dropping to the bench. It would be an astonishing season for the 25-year-old if Liverpool were to win their seventh European Cup.