Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Louise Ann asked Mrs Hinch fans: “How do I get rid limescale out of the toilet bowl? “I’ve use coke for three days, every limescale toilet cleaner. “I tried chipping away at it with a knife but it’s scratching the bowl. “But it looks so bad, I don’t think it’s ever been cleaned. Just moved in and need help.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ Louise’s post was inundated with responses from Mrs Hinch fans but the most popular suggestion was to use a pumice stone. Emma Ensor said: “The only thing that worked for me was a pumice stone on a stick. “The limescale came away like a stone…then binned it (couldn’t be flushed). Bought the pumice stone from Amazon.” Carol Miall replied: “A pumice stone really does work, tried everything to get urinals/toilets scale-free. “I got mine from Amazon - ones that also have a handle which is great.”  DON'T MISS‘Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh on what to do with ‘tatty’ daffodils after flowering [UPDATE]Interior designer shares home decor trends estate agents ‘dislike’ [ANALYSIS] Donna Hardy commented: “I did my son’s in his house that he had just moved into. “I used a cheap pumice stone from Home Bargains or B&M and rubber gloves. “I then started to rub the stone inside where the limescale and water is and it was really bad. “When I finished it, it looked like a new toilet and no it didn’t scratch the bowl. Give it a try and you’ll be amazed.” Kayleigh Marie Storey said: “Pumice stone. “Doesn’t scratch and got rid of thick limescale in our old toilet.” Sarah Mcalinden replied: “Pumice stone, works every time and takes seconds.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Shelly Nagington suggested: “Pumice stone. “You can also get ones with handles now for the toilet, it won’t scratch either.” A two-pack of Pumice Cleaning Stone Toilet Bowl is available to buy from Amazon for £7.99. Pumice Stone Toilet Cleaning Brush with Handle For Toilet costs £4.18 from eBay. Wilko Pumice Stone costs just 60p. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using Black Harpic, soda crystals, 2p and denture tablets. Jo Ryder said: “Drain water out of the pan and leave Black Harpic in overnight. “Repeat until gone. It’s the best to clear limescale hands down.”  Kerry Clyesdale replied: “I would put soda crystals down it. Leave scrub then repeat.” Kari Orchard wrote: “Harpic black is amazing. “My toilet was horrendous with children not flushing etc and I used this a few days without touching in between and after a few days cleaned toilet and it just wiped off. Recommend 100 percent.” Celia Newton said: “Two pence piece to scape away the limestone, won't mark the porcelain.” Valerie Carey commented: “Use a denture tablet or two depending on how bad it is. “Leave overnight if possible.”