Key places in the UK have traditionally been awarded city status during the Queen's major jubilee years. In 2012, only three areas emerged successful in the Diamond Jubilee competition, Chelmsford, Perth and St Asaph, but this year an unprecedented eight places have been awarded city status as the Queen celebrates an impressive 70 years on the throne. The full list of the new Platinum Jubilee cities is as follows: READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry 'shot themselves in foot' with Kate & William  City status has been granted to places across the four UK nations and further afield. Stanley in the Falklands Islands is the first Overseas Territory to win the competition for city status. It was awarded the honour for its sustainable practices and civic pride, and coincides with the 40th anniversary of the end of the Falklands War. Douglas on the Isle of Man marks the first win for a Crown Dependency, as this was the first time Overseas Territories and Crown Dependencies were eligible to enter the running. Isle of Man's chief minister Alfred Cannan said: "Douglas being named as one of the eight city status winners, and leading the way for the Crown Dependencies, is a huge honour for the island and celebrates our unique mix of culture, history and heritage.  "The accolade is a marvellous way to mark our relationship with Her Majesty The Queen, our Lord of Mann, while celebrating the Platinum Jubilee." The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, Steve Barclay, said of the new appointments: "What was clear to me during the process of assessing each application was the pride that people felt for their communities, local cultural heritage and the Royal Family. "As we celebrate Her Majesty The Queen's colossal contribution to society, I am thrilled that we are able to recognise some of the many places that make Britain great. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan's latest move slammed [LIVE]Royal fans react with delight at Jubilee preparations photo [PICTURES]Meghan and Harry's publicity plans exposed as couple return to UK [ANALYSIS]  "It is also incredibly reflective of Her Majesty's global outlook and years of international service that applicants from the Overseas Territories and Crown Dependencies have been selected as winners for the first time." Significantly, Colchester has only just been granted city status despite being Britain's first recorded settlement. Known as Camulodunum, Colchester was the first city and capital of Britain and was accounted for in the records of Roman scholar Pliny the Elder. Earlier this year, Southend-on-Sea was granted city status in recognition of its late MP, Sir David Amess, who campaigned tirelessly for the seaside spot to be granted the honour.  In 2021 it was announced that 38 places across the UK and British Overseas Territories had applied for city status under the 2022 Platinum Jubilee Civic Honours Competition. Some of the notable places that missed out on the honour this time around include Bournemouth, Guildford, Medway, Northampton, Oban, Reading, St Andrews and Warwick. The new cities may expect a boost to their local communities, and it will give residents further cause to celebrate during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year. The Cabinet Office said Perth, which was granted city status in 2012, has seen its local economy expand by 12 percent in the decade after it secured its new status. 