Gogglebox favourite Lee Riley rarely holds back when it comes to voicing his opinion, and is known amongst fans for being brutally honest. However, he landed himself in a spot of hot water when Cheryl Baker spotted his criticism of Bucks Fizz during the Channel 4 show. He revealed all about the embarrassing moment at the BAFTAs last weekend, after Gogglebox claimed a win in the Best Reality Constructed and Factual category. Bucks Fizz had also been award winners after picking up the Eurovision title back in 1982 - but Lee was far from complimentary about Cheryl's singing prowess. "I think I said something about Bucks Fizz once, and she did message me," he admitted, while at the Winners' Press Conference. "I did say that I was only jesting. I said 'You are a good singer!'" he added to the Daily Star.  READ NOW: Prince William honours Deborah James with Damehood at family home The footage that Cheryl had spotted was from an episode of Gogglebox, which featured Lee laughing hysterically while watching a Bucks Fizz live performance on This Morning. Presenters Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford had been clapping along to the song, much to Lee's amusement. Co-star Jenny Newby, who was equally amused, quipped: "Look at him and her, they're loving it!" Lee, on the other hand, gave a savage swipe at the performance, quipping: "[They're] thinking 'get this s*** off!'" DON'T MISS... Nick Knowles addresses DIY SOS axe after BBC row over Shreddies advert [UPDATE] Coleen Rooney claims Rebekah Vardy texts 'knocked her sick' [DEBATE] Strictly’s Katya Jones supports Adam Peaty after ‘devastating’ news [LATEST]  After Cheryl had taken to social media to give him a piece of her mind via direct messaging, he'd apologised. However, she was far from the only celebrity cheeky Lee had to hide from when he arrived at the BAFTAs last week, owing to his mischievous commentary on the Gogglebox sofa. "I have ducked and dived a few times [to avoid people]!" he quipped at the press conference. Lee and co-star Mica Ven were both adamant that they weren't keen on being confronted by anyone they'd previously "slagged off". Meanwhile, Lee also shed light on the absence of his co-star Jenny at the prestigious awards ceremony - which wasn't down to a desire to avoid any fellow celebrities. "She is not very well, she is having an operation, a mini one," he explained. "She was invited but the appointment was in BAFTA week. "You can't turn down an NHS operation down can you?" Fortunately, he added that she is now on the road to recovery. Later on at the event, the 52-year-old's brutal honesty resurfaced yet again when he admitted that the award ceremony honouring him had almost caused him to fall asleep. "[It was] brilliant, but long. Really long," he quipped. "‘I think I’ve nodded off twice!"