The Palace confirmed that only “members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties” will appear on the balcony for the Trooping the Colour parade on June 2. A spokesperson said the Queen, 96, made the decision after “careful consideration”. The event, kicking off the Queen’s Jubilee weekend, marks the monarch’s official birthday. This means that the Duke of York, 62, who was stripped of his military titles, royal patronages and HRH title earlier this year, will not appear with the rest of the senior royals at the event. Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, will be similarly absent after stepping back from royal duties in March 2020. The couple, who relocated to Meghan’s home state of California, have scarcely returned to UK turf since their departure two years ago. They also lost their ability to use their HRH titles, although they retain their Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles. But a spokesperson for the couple confirmed that they were “excited and honoured” to make the trip back to London for the Jubilee celebrations, bringing with them their two children, Archie and Lilibet. New research carried out by survey platform OnePulse showed that, out of a sample of 800 people, 80 percent said that it was “the right decision” for Prince Andrew and Meghan to be banned from the balcony appearance. Just one out of five respondents thought the Palace had made a mistake in relegating non-working royals from the opening celebrations of the Jubilee. READ MORE: Kate, William, Sophie and Edward step in for Queen in appearance TODAY Just over three in five of those polled said they thought the Duke of York and the Duchess of Sussex should be in England for the extended weekend. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s biographer, Omid Scobie, has claimed that Prince Harry informed his grandmother he wasn’t “keen” on making an appearance on the Palace balcony during the Trooping the Colour parade. Mr Scobie said the “reality” of the situation between the monarch and the Sussexes was “much less severe” because of conversations they had “long” before the news was made public. Writing for Yahoo!, the ‘Finding Freedom’ author wrote: "As is often the case, the reality is much less severe when you hear that Prince Harry had already spoken with his grandmother about the possibility of not attending Trooping the Colour long before last week's announcements. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Compassionate' Meghan urged to visit sick dad [LIVE] Royal POLL: Will you celebrate Platinum Jubilee? [VOTE] Meghan and Harry secretly furious over 'double standards' [ANALYSIS] "I’m told by a source that the Duke of Sussex had actually expressed some time ago that he and Meghan were very keen to be a part of the Jubilee engagements.” Mr Scobie said the Duke was hoping to attend “the National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral,” but was “less” keen for the “formal balcony moment”. He said “both sides” agreed that their presence was “more appropriate for their lives prior to stepping back”. This comes after three people were hospitalised after a stand collapsed during a rehearsal for the Trooping the Colour parade last week. Two other people were treated by paramedics at Horse Guards Road on Saturday morning, according to the London ambulance service. An Army spokesperson said: “During the major general’s review on Horse Guards Parade, two parts of the viewing stand unfortunately gave way, resulting in a small number of injuries. “The emergency services were called to assist those who were injured and the remaining crowds were safely evacuated from the stands. “Safety is our No 1 priority and we are urgently working with our partners and relevant organisations to understand what happened and make sure it doesn’t happen again.”