Gabriel Magalhaes has backed Arsenal's move for Brazil team-mate Gabriel Jesus - but admits 'nothing is certain' when it comes to a deal for the Manchester City forward. The Gunners are in the market for a striker following Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's January switch to Barcelona, with Alexandre Lacazette also set to leave as a free agent. Jesus' future with the Premier League champions has been cast into doubt ahead of the summer arrivals of both Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez. The 25-year-old finished the latest campaign with 12 goals and 13 assists for Pep Guardiola's side, but the versatile forward is still tipped to struggle for game-time next season. Jesus is currently on international duty with Brazil, and his agent Marcelo Pettinati has confirmed the forward's future will be resolved following fixtures with Argentina, Japan, and South Korea. The former Palmeiras prospect is entering the final year of his contract at the Etihad Stadium, with reports suggesting a fee of around £25 million would be enough to convince City to sell. The Gunners must regroup after a poor end to the season saw Mikel Arteta's side miss out on Champions League qualification, with rivals Tottenham snatching a top-four spot. Magalhaes has endorsed a potential deal for his international colleague, but stressed nothing has been confirmed at this stage. When asked about Jesus during a press conference on Sunday, the Gunners defender said: "We play in the same dressing room, but nothing is certain. He is certainly a quality player and, if he goes to Arsenal, he will help us a lot." Jesus confirmed he is 'very clear' on what he wants this summer, and spoke on his future amid City's title celebrations following a dramatic final-day victory over Aston Villa. The Brazil forward said: "I have a contract with City and I have already expressed my desire to the City people and to my agent. I have in my head very clear what I want. "Today, I want to celebrate a lot with City. It’s obvious that I’m very happy here. Tomorrow, if everything goes well for me, my wife and our family, Helena [his daughter] will come to the world. "So, I have to take advantage of this moment. Then, think about the team, smile at the team again. And, on vacation, I decide about my future."