The Duke of Sussex, 37, recently joked about his thinning hairline with Invictus Games attendees and claimed that he’s “doomed” to go bald. Harry addressed the topic while filming a Dutch TV show alongside Dutch athlete Bart van der Burg. His comments came after royal fans previously questioned whether a photo of him on the cover of Time magazine alongside his wife Meghan Markle had been edited as he appeared with fuller-looking hair. Now, Prince Harry has been offered some advice from Dylan Jones OBE, previous editor of GQ, who embraced his own baldness some 20 years ago. Mr Jones reflected on his own experience of going bald in a recent article and said that the Duke of Sussex “should really take note” as he is “looking very close to the clipping tipping point”. He points out that both the Duke of Sussex and the Duke of Cambridge, 39, have been losing their hair for a while. In a new opinion piece, the journalist points out how the brothers address their thinning hair in different ways. He describes William as looking “like a statesman” as he has a “sense of decorum and dignity has meant that he’s taken far more care with the way he presents himself to the world”. While on the other hand, he claims that Harry “appears to be fitting in with a slightly more Laissez-Faire and Californian way of doing things”. The former editor of magazines i-D and Arena says that Harry should take action now to avoid looking like “leather-skinned surfer dudes who wanders around in flip-flops and loincloths”. READ MORE: Queen 'isn't quite ready yet to be seen using aids' to help her walk Dylan Jones said in an opinion piece for the Telegraph: “Here's some advice from a bald man to a balding one: As with any other ‘affliction’, the only thing to be done is to accept it and move on.” He insists that the Duke of Sussex, who stepped down from royal duties in 2020, should “positively own” shaving his head, adding “Own the shape of your head. Own your space.” He says that taking a pair of clippers to his thinning hair “will make him look a hell of a lot more in control of his life”. He points to “cool” looking bald men whom Prince Harry could take inspiration from including Hollywood actor John Travolta. DON'T MISS Royal Family pestered by 170 stalkers, official figures show [INSIGHT] Meghan 'came from nothing' but 'trampled on others' - Claim [REVEAL] Edward seals Jubilee role as Andrew and Harry nowhere to be seen [REPORT] He claims that Harry embracing his impending baldness may feel like a “kind of admission of defeat or failure” but adds that the Duke shouldn’t worry about such things. He goes on to say that Harry could use funds from his and Meghan’s partnership with Netflix, speculated to be around $100m (£72m), to foot the cost. He wrote: “I’m suggesting he spends some of his Netflix fortune on some clippers. “And while I obviously appreciate that he might not want to shave his head himself, I’d certainly encourage him to do so.” Prince William previously referenced his own hair loss in 2017 and saw the funny side in his baldness by poking fun at himself. While shaking hands with some local London-based barbers, the Duke of Cambridge joked with a hairstylist that he doesn’t “have much hair” so “can’t give you much business”. Also in 2021, the Duke of Cambridge beat Mike Tyson and Jason Statham to be named world’s sexiest bald man Researchers found he had been described as “sexy” a whopping 17.6million times online in blogs, reports and pages found in Google searches. The study was carried out by cosmetic surgery specialists Longevita.