Paddy O’Toole from Jersey, along with 12 other fans, hired a speed boat to cross the English Channel yesterday (May 27) to make it in time. They made the bold move after Mr O’Toole’s son Patrick found out his friend’s EasyJet flight to Paris had been cancelled. Reds fans across the country had to find alternate ways of getting to the final, after being turned away from Liverpool's John Lennon Airport this morning after tour operator World Choice Sports scrapped one of its flights to the French capital. Mr O’Toole told the LiverpoolEcho: "My lad Patrick’s mates Adam and Tom Dring from Huyton had their EasyJet flight cancelled, so their Dad rushed them down to Heathrow to try and get a flight but there was nothing. “They got a flight to Jersey last minute and they met up with us and asked, could we get them to France? "We felt sorry for the young lads so we had to do something." After they landed in Jersey, Mr O’Toole worked out how to get the lads over the channel to make Liverpool’s match against Real Madrid. He spoke to his friend, Gary Brennans Rib from Kensington, who owned Le Mourier, an expert swimming tuition company with a fleet of motor vessels. A 12-person Redbay Stormforce 950 carried the group away from Jersey, heading straight for Saint-Marlo. When Le Mourier tweeted wishing them good luck, many fellow fans expressed their admiration. One fan said: “Goosebumps. Best supporters on the planet, will do whatever it takes to see their team. YNWA.” Another added: “That's brillant well done lads!! They always say where ever there's a match scousers will find there!!! Class!!” One joked: “Better watch out on the way back, Patel'll have them off to Rwanda.” A video taken by Mr O’Toole captured the men as they skimmed across the waves, blasting music. “We Didn’t Start the Fire” by Billy Joel was blaring as they pulled into Saint Marlo. Mr O’Toole said: "We saw a few dolphins on the way and got the train to Rennes and then to Paris. “A few more of our mates from Liverpool who live in Jersey heard we were going and joined on. We haven't got a ticket between us." READ MORE: 2022 Champions League final: Liverpool fans out to paint Paris red [REVEAL] The group successfully made it to Paris, ready for the match at 8pm tonight. Between 50,000 and 60,000 Liverpool supporters are expected to arrive in the French capital by coach, train, car, plane and boat. EasyJet has cancelled more than 200 flights over the next 10 days. The airline said the cancellations would affect about 24 flights per day from London's Gatwick airport between May 28 and June 6. It added the cancellations were “necessary to provide reliable services over this busy period”. A spokesperson for WorldChoice Sports said: “If your flight has been cancelled, please accept our apologies. Fortunately, this only affected a small number of passengers. “This was due to matters beyond our control. Rest assured that we will be refunding you in full during the next coming days. “We were very badly let down by the broker and the airline. Please accept our sincerest apologies for the inconvenience caused.”