SWAT will return for its final episode of season five on CBS tonight, from 10pm. The 22nd episode, titled Farewell, sees the team racing to deter a devastating terror attack. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the TV show's future. The tense finale of season five will see a university chemistry lab seized by terrorists. The show's title suggests there could be a major exit for one of the beloved cast members. Sergeant Daniel "Hondo" Harrelson (played by Shemar Moore) and his team will undoubtedly face one of their biggest threats yet in the high octane finale. Thankfully the drama will not end there as the series has already been renewed for a sixth season. Actor Moore announced the news on Twitter back in April 2022. READ MORE: NCIS season 19: Jimmy foreshadowed romance with Knight in key moment He said: "Aaaayyeeeee!!!! Homies, Fans, n Baby Girls!!!!! You heard it here first!!!! "@swatcbs is renewed for SEASON 6 !!!!!! Another year of kicking a** coming your way… ROLL SWAT BABY." [Sic] Although nothing has been confirmed about casting, he is likely to return as the sergeant tasked with running a specialized tactical unit. The show is based on the 1975 series of the same created by Robert Hamner and the fifth season premiered in October. Fans took to Moore's Twitter account to share their thoughts on the series renewal. @RosemaryRyck said: "That's so wonderful to know, so happy for you guys. Love always." @keleesi128 added: "More Shemar on my screen? Hell yea! You have the greatest smile in the world." @IppolitoJohanne shared: "That’s awesome. Congratulations to you and the whole team." The new episodes are scheduled to air in the autumn but no official release date has been given yet. SWAT is just one of a number of shows that have been renewed for the upcoming 2022-23 season. DON'T MISS... NCIS Los Angeles season 14: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT] SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz sends support as co-star lands role [DISCUSSION] NCIS' Wilmer Valderrama teases 'thoughtful' new role away from CBS [INSIGHT] NCIS and its spin-offs Los Angeles and Hawai'i, Young Sheldon, and CSI: Vegas are also heading back to CBS. Back in 2020, SWAT addressed the Black Lives Matter movement and the Los Angeles Police Department's real-life involvement in the 1992 riots. Moore explained why the series had decided to consciously tackle issues of race. He told Digital Spy: "I took a lot of pride, as a lot of us did, the crew, the actors, the writers... to be able to stand out there, on this show, and march down the street and hear George Floyd's words in a peaceful protest, to put that on the screen, through our show, that's bigger than all of us." The season six renewal came just before the show celebrated its 100th episode on screen. The new episodes will be airing on Fridays at 8pm, according to the CBS fall schedule. Fans said it was the "best news ever" and hopefully the time between seasons will fly by. @catwomanrkd said on Twitter: "Congratulations! Hope there's many more seasons to come. You deserve success."  SWAT season 6 will air on CBS later in 2022