Jamie Carragher has clashed with fellow pundit Jamie Redknapp over the merits of Paul Pogba’s possible move from Manchester United to Manchester City this summer. Pogba is poised to leave United when his contract expires on July 1 and has recently been linked with a shock move to rivals City.   Real Madrid, Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain have all been credited with interest in Pogba over the past nine months, but City have emerged as another alternative. The Daily Mail have reported this week that City are exploring the option of signing the Frenchman on a free transfer from their arch rivals. Pogba re-joined United in a club-record £89million transfer from Juventus in 2016, but has failed to consistently live up to his billing. The 29-year-old midfielder has been earning around £300,000-a-week at United, meaning that, although he is soon to be a free agent, he will still cost a new club plenty of money to sign. Following Man City’s comfortable 5-0 win over Newcastle on Sunday, Sky Sports’ panel of pundits turned their attention to Pogba. And while both Micah Richards and Redknapp were in favour of the move, Carragher was staunchly against it. JUST IN: Redknapp highlights Grealish habit as Man City star laughs off woes  "It would be an incredible move,” Redknapp said. “You have to weigh it up. Free transfer, he’d have a point to prove because he’s took a lot of stick at Man United. There was talk a few years ago he could have gone for it. He adds a lot to this team. He lives in the area. It would be an incredible move, a brave move, but I’d love to see that. "It would be a completely different player we see at United. As a free transfer, you’re going to buy a player who is desperate to do well. It’s a no-brainer." Former Liverpool defender Carragher took a very different stand-point, arguing that, for all his talent, Pogba would not fit in at Man City due to his work-rate. "I wouldn't go anywhere near him. He doesn’t work hard as much as the other players. He does not work hard,” he said.  DON'T MISS Man City must keep faith and trust in Pep Guardiola to banish curse Guardiola admits threatening to quit Man City during owners meeting Man Utd suffer Paulo Dybala transfer blow over Erling Haaland plans “I played for five or six managers, it didn’t matter who the manager was. We’re still six years into [Pogba’s United career] and we’re still talking about his best position. Come on. I don’t know how we’re still talking about it five or six years in about how to get the best out of him.” Ex-City defender Richards took Redknapp’s side of the argument. "I’d take him tomorrow, in a heartbeat,” he said. “He does work hard. He’s in a team at Man United were they have no structure. He would fit into this team." Pogba has been out injured since picking up an injury in a 4-0 loss against Liverpool on April 19. He has contributed one goal and nine assists in 20 Premier League appearances for United this season, but is unlikely to feature in their final match of the season against Crystal Palace on May 22. 