After a five year absence, the Prime Minister welcomed Susanna Reid to Downing Street ahead of the local elections to address a number of issues from the crisis in Ukraine to the cost of living crisis. The Good Morning Britain presenter was ruthless with her questioning, demanding answers for ITV viewers watching at home. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk at the BAFTA TV Awards in London, Lorraine Kelly said Johnson should not have underestimated her colleague. "I think Susanna [Reid]’s interview with Boris Johnson was very good," she commented. "It was forensic and she got everything across and he underestimated her and that’s never a good idea." The much-loved ITV host also laughed at Johnson's reaction at the end of the interview when he questioned "Who's Lorraine?" READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly hits out at ‘really distasteful’ Bo Selecta imitation Just the week before, Kelly had chatted to Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner about misogyny in Westminster. In the interview, the MP explained she chose trousers after being accused of using "Basic Instinct" techniques to distract the Prime Minister in Parliament. She told the host: "I consciously today felt like I wanted to put some trousers on so that people didn’t think… “I wanted to be defiant as well because I don’t think women should be told how to dress, but I didn’t want to distract from the fact that actually, it’s not about my legs. “I didn’t want people at home thinking, ‘Let’s have a look at what her legs are like, and how short her skirt is or not.’ "Because I feel like I’m being judged for what I wear, rather than what I’m saying to you or how I come across.” Commenting on the reaction to the chat, Kelly said it was "good" to get positive feedback from viewers. Meanwhile, with the local elections now over, the presenter addressed speculation she could swap the sofa for the ballroom. DON'T MISS:'Disgrace' NHS staff forced to pay for parking while MPs park for freePiers Morgan's behind scenes behaviour exposed by Rob RinderPiers Morgan addresses whether he'll be trying to steal GMB's viewers Asked if she'd take part in Strictly, she was quick to shoot down the idea, insisting she'd be terrible. "I can’t love. I would be galumphing," she laughed. "I would be bad. I wouldn’t be Ed Balls endearingly bad. I would just be bad! "It would be toe-curling. Love to watch but no!" While she is more than happy to sit back and watch Strictly, the host also shared details of other shows she is a big fan of. "I watch so much telly! I love Squid Game, Succession, Julia I’m really enjoying it," Kelly said. "The Staircase. I’m really looking forward to Billy Connolly as he’s getting a big award tonight." The BAFTA TV Awards airs on BBC One on Sunday at 6pm.