After a season that could be best described as a mixed bag, Thomas Tuchel looks set to spearhead a Chelsea rebuild this summer. The German boss will bring down the curtain on his first full season in charge of the club, having won the European Super Cup and the Club World Cup, as well as reaching the finals of the League Cup and the FA Cup. Barring a shock home defeat to Wolves and an 18 goal haul from Tottenham, Tuchel will also register Chelsea's joint highest league position since Antonio Conte won the Premier League in 2017. But while last summer appeared to be one for finding the elusive 'final piece of the puzzle' Tuchel may have to begin proceedings for a complete revamp when this season comes to an end. That is, of course, providing Todd Boehly's consortium do successfully take over the club from the exiled Roman Abramovich by the time the transfer window opens. Tuchel has regularly expressed his frustration at the disruption caused by the perilous ownership situation that has blighted the Blues since Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK government. But with the Boehly era appearing to be on the horizon, the Blues could be given a fresh face lift when the market opens on the 1st July. However, potential incomings often result in certain outgoings - Express Sport considers six players who could play their last ever match for the club against Watford. READ MORE: Everton could face Premier League investigation as Leeds and Burnley raise FFP concerns Cesar Azpilicueta Despite the triggering of an extension in his deal, club captain Cesar Azpilicueta could soon be on his way out of the club and on his way to Barcelona. Xavi is an admirer of the veteran and he is also understood to be in the market for experienced players who can bring a sense of calm to his dynamic, but relatively inexperienced Blaugrana side. Andreas Christensen The Danishman's contract expires at the end of the season and considering the chaos surrounding his absence from the Blues' FA Cup Final clash against Liverpool, it is fair to say Christensen is as good as gone. Barcelona appears to be the 26-year-old's next destination as soon as this current season comes to an end. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealedNottingham Forest fan Robert Biggs jailed for 24 weeks for Billy Sharp headbuttGabriel Jesus 'decides stance' on Arsenal transfer without Champions League football Marcos Alonso Blue looks set to be the flavour of the month in Catalunya as Barcelona have also been tipped to sign Marcos Alonso at the end of the season. While the Spaniard will still have a year left on his contract when the window opens, he has still looked destined for the exit door, considering the Blues' interest in Ivan Perisic of Inter Milan and the long, awaited return of Ben Chilwell from injury. Antonio Rudiger Antonio Rudiger's last ever Chelsea match will be against the Hornets, as he is expected to move to Real Madrid on a free transfer at the end of the season, Despite many months of negotiations, the Blues were not able to commit the German to a new Chelsea deal. Jorginho While Jorginho is almost always linked with a return to Italy, the Blues' vice-captain could make the move back to his homeland. With his contract set to enter its final year at the end of the season, this summer will be Chelsea's last opportunity to cash in on the Euro 2020 winner, unless they are able to extend his current deal. Romelu Lukaku The Belgian ace's £97.5million move back to Chelsea last summer is yet to reap the goals and the success it was expected. And with various reports claiming Chelsea are interested in a move for the likes of Robert Lewandowski and Darwin Nunez, not to mention other speculation suggesting Lukaku could move back to Inter, Watford could also be the last Premier League match Lukaku plays for Chelsea.