Weight loss is something Zoe Fitzgerald, 32, from Romford felt she needed when she realised she wasn't happy with her body. Feeling unhealthy due to her diet of takeaway dinners and crisps, Zoe decided to take action. At her heaviest, Zoe weighed 15 stone, living on a diet of McDonald's breakfasts, takeaways, crisps, and chocolate. However, after discovering healthier foods to satisfy her cravings, Zoe has lost an impressive five stone and a half. The 32-year-old knew something had to change as she would even avoid looking at herself in the mirror. She explained: "It would make me feel so low. READ MORE: Michael Mosley: Three ‘no-calorie’ drinks to consume for weight loss "Looking back now, my mental health was not great and being overweight played a massive part in that. "My physical health also rapidly declined, and I was declared a borderline diabetic diagnosed with high blood pressure." Zoe claimed she was "lazy" and "addicted to food". And when she attempted dieting, nothing was helping her to slim down. "I was the world’s worst at sticking to a diet - anyone who knows me will tell you that," she said. DON'T MISS:Doctor shares food swaps and exercises to 'reduce the ageing process' [EXPERT]Woman drops 4.5st in 3 months and has 'chocolate mousse for dessert' [PICTURES]‘Best’ diet for weight loss named - ‘lose 16lbs more’ than other diets [INSIGHT] "I started every diet possible every Monday, and by Tuesday, I would have failed." When Zoe was informed by her doctor about the health risks of her weight, she said that's "when the red alert hit me and I realised something had to change". The 32-year-old went on to discover The Skinny Food Co and now uses many of their products as staples in her new, low-calorie diet. She explained: “For breakfast I have Greek yoghurt, fruit, and some of my favourite Skinny Food Co syrups - my favourite flavours are either Billionaire’s Shortbread or Cherry Bakewell. "I now eat hearty salads at dinner-time, covered in the Skinny Food Co’s zero calorie Garlic Mayo," Zoe added. All The Skinny Food Co's products are low-calorie and low-sugar, designed to help people lead a healthier lifestyle without sacrificing taste. Now much happier with her weight, Zoe shared her advice with other slimmers, saying: “It’s totally mind over matter - you need to remind yourself to not eat for the sake of eating and make sure you’re eating a healthy balanced diet, with healthy snacks to reach for if you need them. "Also, drink water. The more water you drink, the more hydrated and fuller you’ll feel and the less your mind will tell you it wants to eat. "There will always be bumps along the road, but if I did it, someone who had absolutely no get-up-and-go, then anyone can." As for exercise, Zoe said: “I go walking every day on my lunch break, walking long distances on weekends too. I’ve never been a gym lover, so walking and swimming works great for me - it’s all about what works for you." She added that her "proudest achievement to date is taking back control of my health, which is now stable - this was the thing that was most important to me. "I obviously wanted to look and feel great, but my health was the thing I was prioritising. "Now I’m healthy, my confidence is booming, and I feel amazing - I absolutely love myself."