Daniel Ricciardo has crashed during the second practice session for this weekend’s Monaco Grand Prix. The McLaren star lost control of his car at the tricky turn 13/14 swimming pool chicane before striking the armco barrier.  The impact threw off his front left tyre and three debris over the racing line. His car came to rest at the tec-pro barrier at turn 15. The crash brought out the red flag but Ricciardo was perfectly fine and returned to the garage. His race engineer reassured Ricciardo moments after the shunt, confirming the team would be able to fix the damage ahead of qualifying tomorrow. They said: "I'm glad you're ok, we will fix the car don't panic." Ricciardo responded: “Yeah, understood. I'll explain when I get back.” READ MORE: McLaren boss makes stern Ricciardo claim as Norris outclassing Aussie  The session resumed after marshals had been on track to sweep away the worst of the damage. However, moments after the session resumed Williams driver Nicholas Latifi moaned that there was still some debris on the racing line. The accident comes just hours after F2 star Jake Hughes suffered a similar incident at the same corner. The British driver lost control through the chicane after striking the inside at turn 13 and losing his front wing. He was then powerless to control the car which collided with the wall. Sportscar star Alex Brundle defended Hughes after the shunt, claiming the kerb on the inside of turn 14 was to blame for the incident. DON'T MISSF1 host Steve Jones on 'unusual' interactions with Daniel Ricciardo [INSIGHT]Norris and Ricciardo open up on wild hotel party 'I trashed the floor' [COMMENT]Lando Norris illness made Spanish GP one of his 'hardest races ever' [ANALYSIS] He said: “I was just here a couple of weeks ago for the historic, one of my mates driving a historic 1980s F1 car said ‘goodness me that kerb on the left hand side in the swimming pool that orange raised part really chucks the car towards the outside and the second kerb’. “He’s had a nasty bump mid corner there, taking off towards the wall.” Ricciardo has struggled against team-mate Lando Norris so far this season and lies 11th in the drivers' standings. The former Red Bull star has scored just 11 points this season compared to Norris' 39.