Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast now has more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Mrs Hinch fans have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one of the groups, Facebook user Nicky Branco asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Hi does anyone have any tips on cleaning patio slabs? “I have a jet washer but the head isn’t that powerful?” The post was inundated with comments from Mrs Hinch fans. However, the most popular response was to use a product called Jeyes Fluid. READ MORE: Weeding tips: ‘Super effective’ way to naturally kill paving weeds Wendy Webb NeeHemstock said: “Haven’t got a photo but I used Jeyes Fluid and it came up a treat.” Michelle Syson agreed and wrote: “Jeyes Fluid.” Angela Wallace commented: “I vote Jeyes Fluid.” Jeyes Fluid is a disinfectant fluid for external use.  DON'T MISSHow to keep foxes, badgers and cats out of your garden [INSIGHT]Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home [UPDATE]Rightmove names seaside price hotspot - average home sells for £1.2m [ANALYSIS] One litre of Jeyes Fluid is available to buy for £7 from Tesco. Jeyes General Use Ready To Use Liquid Cleaner costs £1 from Wilko. One litre of Jeyes Fluid costs £6.97 from ASDA. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using cheap washing powder, patio cleaner or a jet washer. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Dianne Rose said: “Cheap washing powder. “Sprinkle, leave to soak for 48 hours then rinse. “Worked a treat on my tennis court.” Karine Griffin replied: “Cheap washing powder, big helping of bleach. “Leave to soak then rinse off.” Lee Wellings commented: “Jet wash does need tap open fully on the wall!  “I didn't and thought it was useless it was me being useless! Only a thought.” Maggie Lillis said: “There’s a product you buy either in a garden centre or at a hardware store called Patio Cleaner. “I use it every year and it keeps all the green stuff off it for a whole year. “Follow instructions on the container.”