John Travolta, 68, is grieving his friend and Wild Hogs co-star Ray Liotta ahead of his wife Kelly Preston's two-year death anniversary. Ray died last Friday in his sleep aged 67 during the making of film Dangerous Waters in the Dominican Republic, according to news outlet Deadline. John took to Instagram earlier today to pay tribute to his friend in view of his 3.9 million followers. The Grease actor shared a picture of Ray hugging him as they both smiled broadly surrounded by fans at an event. John simply penned: “We will miss you Ray.” His heartfelt Story post comes weeks before the two-year anniversary of John’s wife Kelly’s death. The Twins actress died on July 12, 2020 after a battle with breast cancer. A representative for the family confirmed the tragic news, labelling Kelly a “bright, beautiful and loving soul” and calling for privacy for her loved ones. The representative told People magazine: "On the morning of July 12, 2020, Kelly Preston, adored wife and mother, passed away following a two-year battle with breast cancer. "Choosing to keep her fight private, she had been undergoing medical treatment for some time, supported by her closest family and friends." They continued: "She was a bright, beautiful and loving soul who cared deeply about others and who brought life to everything she touched. "Her family asks for your understanding of their need for privacy at this time." John also shared a statement explaining how his "beautiful wife" fought a "courageous fight". Alongside a picture of Kelly, John wrote in a Facebook post: "It is with a very heavy heart that I inform you that my beautiful wife Kelly has lost her two-year battle with breast cancer. READ MORE...Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT]Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [LATEST]‘Don’t get that in the US!’ Tom Hanks praises BBC on The One Show [UPDATE] "She fought a courageous fight with the love and support of so many." The Saturday Night Fever star continued: “My family and I will forever be grateful to her doctors and nurses at MD Anderson Cancer Center, all the medical centers that have helped, as well as her many friends and loved ones who have been by her side. “Kelly’s love and life will always be remembered.” John concluded: “I will be taking some time to be there for my children who have lost their mother, so forgive me in advance if you don’t hear from us for a while. “But please know that I will feel your outpouring of love in the weeks and months ahead as we heal.” The couple got married in 1991 when Kelly was two months pregnant with Jett. Jett, the eldest of the couple’s three children, tragically died while they were on a family holiday in the Bahamas in 2009. In 2009 the Travolta family set up the Jett Travolta Foundation, a charity that helps fund assistance and support for children with vision, hearing, mobility, communication, behavior learning impairments or other special medical, environmental, health or educational needs.