“Nearly every source of light, from the sun to the screen on your mobile phone, emits a high-energy component of visible light called blue light,” explained Gretchen Vannice, Director of Nutrition Education and Research for Wiley's Finest. “Blue light, whether natural (from the sun) or artificial, is not easily filtered by your eyes; the greater the exposure, the greater the risk of potentially damaging your vision.” While it’s important to wear sunglasses when the sun is out to prevent UV damage to your eyes, adding certain foods into your diet on top of that could also benefit your eye health. The two nutrients which could help protect your eyes against the “harmful effects” of high-energy blue light are called lutein and zeaxanthin. Lutein is an antioxidant which has been shown to protect against free radical damage in the eye. Packed with anti-inflammatory properties, lutein can help to preserve the integrity of your eye’s cells, Pauline Cox, MSc functional nutritionist for Wiley's Finest, explained. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Pain in three areas of the body signals high levels - do not 'dismiss' Plus, numerous studies suggest that the nutrient could help prevent cataracts and macular degeneration. Both of these conditions are known as leading causes of age-related vision decline. Ms Cox said: “Lutein is a powerful antioxidant important in the biochemical reactions important for healthy vision. “[It] has been shown in research to offset the detrimental effects of age-related macular degeneration in moderate to severe cases of macular degeneration.  “The effect was not significantly observed in mild age-related macular degeneration.” When it comes to the food sources of this goodie, lutein can be found in: Just like lutein, zeaxanthin is also an antioxidant that helps to absorb light energy to prevent damage. When you pair lutein with zeaxanthin, you’ll get even more “powerful” results, the expert shared. Ms Cox said: “Zeaxanthin is a carotenoid that gives foods such as paprika, saffron and corn their red, yellow and orange pigments. “Several studies have shown that, when consumed with lutein, they can lower the incidence of age-related macular degeneration. “Zeaxanthin helps protect the eye cells from the harmful effects of high-energy light sources, such as the sun’s ultraviolet rays.” Ms Cox added one more nutrient that could also benefit your eye health this summer. She said: “Astaxanthin has been shown in research to increase the ocular blood flow to the eyes as well as increasing the antioxidant enzyme profile of the eyes. “This antioxidant is found in high concentration in seafood and salmon. “It gives these foods their striking deep rose-pink colour when cooked, for example prawns and shrimp.”