Over the years, Alan Carr has become a regular face across television, fronting several television shows including Alan Carr’s Celebrity Ding Don, Interior Design Masters with Alan Carr and Alan Carr’s Epic Gameshow. With a net worth of £7.3million, according to Idol Net Worth, where did Alan grow up and where does he live now? The 45-year-old was born in Weymouth and grew up in the seaside town. He spent the majority of his childhood in Northampton before making the move to Manchester in his early 20s. Alan is now thought to divide his time between London and a rural Kent home which he previously shared with his husband Paul Drayton, before the pair announced their split earlier this year. “I like London, I dip in and out. It’s not really my thing, but it’s nice,” he told Lorraine Kelly in 2021. READ MORE: ‘Inexpensive’ plants to inject colour into the garden this spring The comedian previously said he had a passion for looking after the animals on his farm Kent. Aldington, just outside Folkestone is where Alan’s country house is located. Average house prices in the area currently stand at £407,188, according to Rightmove. The most popular houses in Aldington over the last year were detached houses, which sold for an average price of £528,000. DON'T MISS:House prices: UK city seeing the biggest rise in asking prices [EXPLAINER]How to get rid of ants using ‘natural deterrent’ - ‘great option’ [EXPERT]Phil Spencer ‘born and bred’ in the Kent countryside [INSIGHT] Known for its vibrant community, the pretty village has a lot to offer its residents, and has a fair share of famous people residing in the area. Despite being very rural, its 1,200 residents can enjoy local shops and pubs. Comedian Paul O’Grady resides in the area as well as stand-up comedian Julian Clary. Aldington is also located close to Ashford, a great commuter town for those working in London. It offers residents a mix of country and town living with gorgeous countryside walks and a busy town centre. It also offers routes to Brussels and Paris via train as well as being within a close distance to London. According to Rightmove, properties in Ashford had an overall average price of £303,487 over the last year. Paul O’Grady spends a lot of his time at his farm near Ashford too, where he tends to his animals, including sheep, pigs and goats. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Speaking in an interview on ITV's This Morning back in late 2017, O'Grady said: "I always fancied myself with a bit of land, a bit of livestock but I never thought it would happen. "The joy for me of living in the countryside, you can let yourself go, I do anyway. “I have friends who come down and go... When did you last have a wash? I've got no shoes and feet like a hobbit." Paul also said he grows organic fruit and vegetables as well as a variety of herbs.