The Duke of Sussex, 37, gave an observer the impression of being "comfortable and happy" as he played polo at the Santa Barbara Polo & Racquet Club over the weekend. The source claimed Prince Harry, who recently joined the team of Los Padres led by his long-time friend Nacho Figueras, is treated as just one of "the guys", regardless of his royal status, when on the pitch. And his worldwide fame doesn't spare him from working hard to win matches, they added. The source told People magazine: "Prince Harry looks so comfortable and happy on the polo field, and everyone treats him like he is just one of the guys!" Speaking about how the competitors Harry has faced on the field have battled him fiercely, the observer added: "His presence this season has brought a really cool vibe to the club, but it hasn't changed the way the games have been played. "It's business as usual and all the teams are fighting for the win." Harry himself is a "very fierce competitor" but knows how to treat his horses, with the observer claiming the Duke is "extremely caring" to them. The latest polo match attended by Harry had been organised by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to raise funds for a number of charities close to their heart, focused on mental health, the environment and fighting hunger. Meghan, 40, was among the spectators at the star-studded event, and took centre stage as she handed the Lisle Nixon Memorial trophy to the triumphant Los Padres players. After having kissed the cheek of each team member, Meghan shared a more passionate kiss on the lips with her husband. READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s father rushed to hospital following fears of 'stroke' Prince Harry is a keen polo player and has often taken part in matches with his brother Prince William, 39. He was first spotted playing with the Los Padres on May 1. The club is a short distance from the Sussexes' mansion in Montecito. Speaking about the latest success of his team, Mr Figueras wrote on Instagram: "Thrilled to be riding alongside my friend, Prince Harry, and the rest of the Los Padres team at the @santabarbarapoloclub's Harry East Memorial Tournament. "We've ridden together many times over the years and now that we're both parents, it's extra special to be able to spend this time together." Speaking about the team's name, he added: "The name Los Padres was inspired by the proximity of the field to the Los Padres National Forest and also by our connection as fathers." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex relocated with their son Archie Harrison to California in late March 2020, shortly before officially bowing out of the Firm as senior royals. While they initially stayed at producer Tyler Perry's home in Los Angeles, they moved into their home in Montecito during that summer. Among their neighbours, Meghan and Harry can count actor Orlando Bloom, his partner and singer Katy Perry and journalist Oprah Winfrey. While Archie was born in London in May 2019, the couple's daughter Lilibet 'Lili' Diana was born in a Santa Barbara hospital on June 4 last year. Next month, Lili will have the chance to meet in person for the first time her royal relatives, as she is due to travel across the pond with her family to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. However, the Sussexes won't make an appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony on June 2, when the Trooping the Colour parade takes place in central London, as the sovereign decided only full-time members of the Firm would be invited to join her for the traditional moment. The statement shared by Buckingham Palace earlier this month read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." Other family members who would have normally been seen on the balcony but will miss out this year are Mike and Zara Tindall, Prince and Princess Michael, Prince Andrew and his daughters Eugenie and Beatrice. Nevertheless, non-working royals including the Sussexes will have the chance to attend a number of engagements open to the wider family, including the service of thanksgiving for the Queen's reign at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3.