William travelled to the United Arab Emirates to pay respects on behalf of the Queen and the Royal Family after the death on Friday of the country's President, Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, the ruler of Abu Dhabi. It was the first time William, 39, had been called upon to represent the Queen after the death of a leader. His overnight trip to oil-rich Abu Dhabi came only six days after he joined his father Prince Charles when he stood in for the Queen at the State Opening of Parliament, one of her most important constitutional duties. Charles, 73, would normally have been asked to represent the Queen in such circumstances but he begins a three-day tour of Canada with the Duchess of Cornwall today. William paid his respects during a meeting with the federation's new President Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, 61, half-brother of the late leader, who was head of a ruling family worth £150billion. Charles expressed his condolences in a call with Sheikh Mohammed after the Queen paid a tribute to Sheikh. Khalifa, saying: "He will be long remembered by all who work for regional stability, understanding between nations and between faiths, and for the conservation cause." In line with Islamic practice, the funeral of Sheikh Khalifa, 73, was held almost immediately with only close family present. But world leaders flocked to Abu Dhabi on Sunday during three days of mourning. Boris Johnson, who flew separately from William, was among a list of prime ministers, heads of state, and other powerful politicians paying respects. Sheikh Mohammed has been the strong man and de facto leader in the UAE since his half-brother suffered a stroke in 2014. Mr Johnson said of Sheikh Khalifa: "He was a wise and respected leader who will be missed enormously. He made a personal contribution to regional stability and conservation, which will long be remembered." French President Emmanuel Macron and Israeli President Isaac Herzog, whose country opened formal relations with the UAE in 2020, were among those who went. US President Joe Biden, whose administration has had fraught ties with the UAE and Saudi Arabia, sent Vice President Kamala Harris and Secretary of State Antony Blinken. Sheikh Mohammed, known as MbZ, was elected unanimously by the rulers of the seven emirates of the UAE federation.