Former Vanity Fair editor-in-chief Tina Brown suggested that “there is a need” for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry to return to Britain. She claimed they connected the Royal Family to England’s youth. Speaking to LBC’s tonight with Andrew Marr, Ms Brown said: “They were a huge asset as a couple to the royals and I think they actually, they really needed them. "I mean, they were the face of, you know, younger, connecting to the young of England. "To have a woman of colour in the Royal Family was, you know, a wonderful thing for the connection to a more diverse nation. "So, there was a need to have them back, I think."   Ms Brown, who is the author of The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor which was published last month, also claimed that the Duchess of Sussex will eventually realise that the biggest role she can have is “coming back to England”. She said the Sussexes could return to help modernise the Royal Family, picking up where they left off. She added: “Ironically, they left just at the point when things were about to get really kind of, for them, perhaps more malleable to change. "Because you know, when the Queen dies, it's going to have to be just a giant rethink." READ MORE: Meghan Markle blasted for 'embarrassing' Netflix 'blow'    Ms Brown joked that the Duchess would need to “rediscover a deep love for the British” upon her return. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex briefly returned to the UK last month en route to the Invictus Games in The Netherlands. It is the first time they had returned to the county together since moving to Montecito, California in the US two years ago. Since the move, the couple has gone on to sign multi-million dollar deals with media giants the likes of Netflix and Spotify and have caused controversy with several damaging accusations around their time spent in the Royal Family.  DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry may return to UK, claims royal author [INSIGHT]Meghan 'stole the soundbite' off Kate in rare Fab 4 outing [REVEALED]Meghan has 'nothing to show' as Queen withdraws [REPORT] However, Royal commentator Rafe Heydal-Mankoo has claimed that the Netflix deal had been a “complete disaster”. He said: “While Harry’s Invictus documentary is carrying on, there is nothing for Meghan to show for it and it’s really calling into question whether they can walk the walk." The news comes as a Whitehall source told The Times that it “was looking increasingly unlikely” the Queen would not read a speech outlining the Government’s agenda in Parliament next week, sparking concerns about her health. The Queen marks her Platinum Jubilee this year, celebrating 70 years on the throne. 