Manchester United are apparently interested in signing Chelsea star N’Golo Kante in this summer’s transfer window. However, due to his injury record, any move to Old Trafford would be a gamble. And it’s possible he’d be another Bastian Schweinsteiger and Raphael Varane should he move to the club. Manchester United want to revamp their midfield this summer. Nemanja Matic has already confirmed he’ll be on the move, with the Serbia international wanted by Jose Mourinho’s Roma. And Paul Pogba is likely to head out the exit door, too, amid links to the likes of Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus. With that being the case, the Red Devils are now reportedly eyeing a deal for Kante. The France international has been a huge hit at Stamford Bridge since arriving from Leicester back in the summer transfer window of 2016, when Antonio Conte was manager. But with Kante’s contract due to expire in a year, he’ll now be made available for a reduced price. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Thomas Tuchel is eager to freshen up his midfield, despite Kante being regarded as one of the best players in the world in his position. But while a move to United would spark excitement among fans, it’s also possible he’d be another Schweinsteiger and Varane. Back in the summer of 2015, Louis van Gaal set about convincing Schweinsteiger to leave Bayern Munich behind. And when it became clear the Bundesliga giants were happy to do business, a deal for the Germany international was struck. Yet while Schweinsteiger arrived with big expectations, he ended up being a major disappointment. That, mostly, was because the midfielder was unable to stay injury free. Much to the club’s annoyance. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Like Owen Hargreaves years previously, United signed a player who was destined to spend more time on the treatment table than on the field. Schweinsteiger, when he played, often fared well. But he ended up making just 35 appearances for the club in 18 months before Jose Mourinho showed him the door. Varane, too, appears to have been sold to United at the wrong time. In recent years, injuries have hampered the France international and prevented him from operating at the peak of his powers. And that saw him restricted to just 22 Premier League appearances during his first season at Old Trafford. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Varane could yet come good and, when he’s played, has looked every bit the £40million player. But, right now, there’s a growing sense that Madrid let him go without a fight because they considered his best days to be a thing of the past. Now, if United went for Kante, it’s possible he’d be another example. Injuries restricted him to just 26 league appearances last term, irking Tuchel and hampering Chelsea in the process. So while United are right to have him under consideration, Kante’s recent time on the treatment table is another factor that will likely play a part. Earlier this month, meanwhile, Kante was asked about his Chelsea future. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he said: "The only thing is sure that I have one more year and the only thing is to finish this season. I’ll think about it at the right time." And, back in March, he signalled he’d love to stay at Chelsea. “Since I came here I’ve spent many great seasons, with the team, the managers and the fans,” he said. "I hope we can carry on like this, keep winning, and that’s the way I see the future.” United have previously raided Chelsea for Juan Mata and Matic. Mata arrived in the January transfer window of 2014, when David Moyes was manager. And Matic swapped Stamford Bridge for Old Trafford in 2017, when Mourinho was in charge.