Terrifying video footage captured the moment the Ukrainian Bayraktar-TB2 drone annihilated the Russian Mi-8 transport helicopter on Snake Island. In the chilling black and white footage, human figures can be seen leaving the helicopter moments before it was blown up. The video was published by the Operational Command South. They said: "We cannot stop doing this. "We are driving the enemy out of every piece of our land, even from a small island, from the sea, and even from the air." Meanwhile, another Ukrainian drone took out a Russian landing ship near Snake Island which had been supplying Vladimir Putin's troops with anti-aircraft missiles. Ukraine released a video claiming to have destroyed the large Serna-type Russian ship in an air strike. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as UK's weapons give Ukraine 'advantage’ Ukrainian official Anton Gerashchenko later said: "Enemy units remaining on Snake Island remain without air cover and will be destroyed and burned out like cockroaches or locusts." The attack comes just days after Russia lost two fast-attack Raptor crafts just off Snake Island following a devastating Ukrainian drone strike, the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine claimed. Russia has been suffering significant equipment losses ever since the start of the war on February 24, with several videos emerging of both tanks and helicopters being destroyed in successful drone strikes. New footage shared by Ukraine's Defence forced has now suggested Moscow suffered further losses in the Black Sea after another drone attack. Footage shared on the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine's Facebook page appeared to show two Russian Raptor fast-attack craft being blown to smithereens off the coast of Snake Island. One of the two boats can be seen sailing as Ukrainian forces target it at a distance from a monitor. The footage second later shows a considerable conflagration destroying the first ship, with the video later cutting to video of an unmanned drone. Chief of General Staff Valeriy Zaluzhniy said the boats were destroyed at dawn. DON'T MISS Putin’s nuke would ‘draw US and NATO back' from supporting Ukraine [VIDEO]Russians 'apathy growing towards war' [INSIGHT]We are in this war, it's time we started fighting it - PAUL BALDWIN [COMMENT] He wrote on Facebook: "Two Russian Raptor-class boats were destroyed at dawn today near Zmiinyi (Snake) Island." The Raptor boats were being used to help the Russian military evacuate, it has been claimed. Ukraine's Operational Command South said: "The strikes came as the enemy tried to carry out the evacuation and replenishment of personnel." Meanwhile, President Putin will send a "doomsday" warning to the West when he leads celebrations on Monday marking the 77th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory over Nazi Germany, brandishing Russia's vast firepower while its forces fight on in Ukraine. ukraine