Kylian Mbappe scored a sensational hat-trick for PSG just hours after announcing his decision to snub Real Madrid and sign a new contract with the club. The French forward was on fire as the Ligue 1 champions thumped Metz 5-0 at Parc des Princes. Mbappe had addressed the crowd to explain his decision to stay after penning a lucrative three-year deal worth £650,000-a-week with an eye-watering £127m signing-on bonus. It had been widely expected that the 23-year-old would be signing on a free transfer for Real Madrid, but the forward made a remarkable U-turn from his decision to leave last summer. And the Frenchman showed exactly why PSG will be delighted to retain his services until 2025, completing his hat-trick by the 50th minute after taking apart Metz's sorry defence. Mbappe's pace and cool finishing was just too much to handle as he helped himself to his 23rd, 24th and 25th goals of the Ligue 1 season. READ MORE: Lineker sends Real Madrid reality check after Mbappe snub Mbappe had made public his decision to stay put with the Parisian outfit before kick-off before starring in the five-star show against Metz: "I would like to announce that I have chosen to extend my contract at Paris Saint-Germain, and of course I am delighted," he said. "I am convinced that here I can continue to grow at a club that provides everything necessary to perform at the highest level," he told a packed Parc des Princes before PSG's final game of the season. I am also delighted to continue to play in France, the country where I was born, where I have grown up and where I have made my name. "I would like to thank the President, Nasser Al-Khelaïfi, for his trust, his understanding and his patience. I would also like to thank all the fans of Paris Saint-Germain, both in France and around the world, for their support, especially in recent months. Together, side by side and ambitious, we will make magic in Paris.” DON'T MISSMbappe's final text message to Perez as PSG star snubs Real MadridLa Liga chief scalds 'dangerous' PSG president over Mbappe sagaMbappe ‘picks new PSG sporting director’ with Real Madrid set for pain Neymar also scored on the night where the Brazilian also had cause for celebration, as the 30-year-old netted his 100th goal for the club since his world record move in 2017. It was a bittersweet evening at the Parc des Princes, however, as Angel Di Maria bid farewell with a goal to end his seven-year stay in Paris. The Argentinian, who is expected to join Juventus on a short-term deal after the club decided not to extend his contract, signed off with a goal to round off a convincing victory and the 33-year-old looked emotional as he wiped away tears when celebrating his strike. The win means that PSG finish the season 15 points clear at the top of Ligue 1 ahead of Marseille, who claimed third after Monaco conceded a 96th-minute equaliser to draw 2-2 with Lens. Metz's defeat has relegated them back down to Ligue 2 in 19th spot, with Saint-Etienne grinding out a draw.