Chelsea star Mateo Kovacic was able to see the funny side of things after receiving a barrage of abuse from Leeds fans after being forced off with an injury following Dan James' challenge, which resulted in the Leeds star receiving a red card. Chelsea got off to a strong start in what was fast becoming a feisty match at Elland Road with challenges flying in.  James was clearly fired up as he provided a strong threat for Leeds going forward. But his emotions got the better of him after going in with a high and dangerous tackle on Kovacic midway through the opening half. Referee Anthony Taylor was just a few yards away as he rushed up to James and showed no hesitation in showing a red card. Kovacic lay stricken on the floor, clutching his ankle with replays showing James had stamped on the Chelsea midfielder along with a dangerous follow through. James eventually made his way off the pitch with VAR seeing no reason to overturn Taylor's decision. Kovacic was given the all clear to continue, but he was back on the deck minutes later calling for a substitution. Ruben Loftus-Cheek was getting prepared to come on with Kovacic slowly making his way off the pitch. And the home crowd soon made their feelings clear when Kovacic went to sit down in the dugout. Leeds fans could be seen hurling abuse at the Croatian with Chelsea staff pleading with them to calm down. But Kovacic was seen smiling as he took the abuse in his stride before taking his seat.  Thomas Tuchel opted to name a strong Chelsea starting XI for the game against Leeds with an eye on ensuring they finish inside the top three this season. A dip in form of late has brought them closer to both Arsenal and Tottenham, but a win over Leeds will all-but secure their position in the table. Their main goal now will be to seek revenge on Liverpool at Wembley this weekend in the FA Cup final. Liverpool beat Chelsea in a dramatic penalty shoot-out in the Carabao Cup back in February. Kovacic may now be a doubt for the FA Cup final on Saturday, but Jurgen Klopp may also be light of options in midfield. Fabinho picked up a knock in Liverpool's 2-1 win over Aston Villa on Tuesday and may miss out. 