Newcastle are expected to enter a battle with Paris Saint-Germain, Inter Milan and AC Milan for long-term target Hugo Eketike - with the Reims striker currently most likely to move to Tyneside, according to reports. The Magpies were widely reported to be in the market for the prodigy in January, although a deal could not be completed by the time the transfer deadline came around. Despite a move collapsing, Foot Mercato reported on Monday that the club are still 'fully in the race' to sign the youngster. And now the outlet has claimed that the side from the north east currently lead the race to finally secure his signature. The report states that Reims will refuse any offer worth around £18million, considering Newcastle had a deal agreed in the winter at around £30m. However, since that bid was agreed, competition at Reims has increased and Ekitike has not played as often. Despite this, the starlet's value has increased ever so slightly and he may be even harder to prise from the Ligue 1 outfit. And that has given Newcastle a boost, given that PSG are now the only ones who can financially compete with Eddie Howe's men. And their likelihood of giving the 19-year-old more regular first-team football is much higher than the French champions given the competition for places at PSG, where Kylian Mbappe has just signed a new contract. Eddie Howe's men are expected to be active in the market this summer as they look in the next campaign to continue a strong second half of this season which saw them steer clear of relegation by 14 points. Bruno Guimaraes' former Lyon team-mate Lucas Paqueta has been linked, whilst James Tarkowski, Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Raphinha have also been linked. Howe has said his side will focus on the summer once they are back from the off-season. But after losing 5-0 at Manchester City, the former Burnley boss said that some players he 'loves' may have to leave for the benefit of the team. “Players that you love and have a great relationship with, they sometimes have to leave for the benefit of the team," he said. “I’m sure there’ll be players that will move on, who have represented the club in a brilliant way.” Amanda Staveley will ensure he has sufficient funds to mount a charge for European football.