Moths are winged insects that play an important role in pollination. However, if they make their way into your home, they can become pests which eat through clothing, fabric furnishings and even cause allergic reactions. According to FantasticPestControl, approximately 1.5 million homes across the UK suffer from moth infestations. The experts add that with "a little effort, you can easily remove an infestation or pre-emptively reduce the chances" of moths getting a foothold in your home. Although there are many ways to tackle a moth infestation, one natural method which does not include the use of chemicals might be tucked away in your kitchen cupboard. Medical News Today recommends making use of white vinegar to combat moths and their eggs. READ MORE: ‘Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish They explain: "White vinegar is a natural cleansing agent that changes the pH levels of surfaces that it touches." White vinegar is high in acetic acid which can combat moths. Medical News Today continues: "Moth eggs and larvae exposed to white vinegar cannot survive in the acidic environment." DON'T MISSCleaning fridge: Baking soda hack to freshen fridge & ‘absorb smells' [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of ants in homes [COMMENT]How to keep your plants watered while you're on holiday [INSIGHT] surfaces that it touches." White vinegar is high in acetic acid which can combat moths. Medical News Today continues: "Moth eggs and larvae exposed to white vinegar cannot survive in the acidic environment." If you notice moths lurking in a specific area, such as your wardrobe, experts recommend wiping down surfaces with a mix of vinegar and water. Using white vinegar alone, however, will be too strong. Medical News Today states: "Take care when using white vinegar in the home, as it can damage certain surfaces, such as metals, stone countertops, and hardwood floors." Experts from Only Hangers said: "To get started on cleaning all surfaces of your wardrobe with a solution of equal parts vinegar and water. "Don't forget to wipe inside cabinets and drawers, drawer slides and liners, and undersides of shelves. "Also go over hooks, grooves, and edges meticulously." They also recommend spraying the vinegar and water solution into cabinets and drawers to prevent moth infestations. /latest/white-vinegar