NCIS: LA fans have been following the police procedural on CBS for years and it continues to be a huge success. As the long-running TV series has been a staple part of the network for so long, it is inevitable some characters will say their goodbyes. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why Adam Jamal Craig left as Dominic Vail. Dom Vail worked as an agent for the Office of Special Projects in the very first season. The character made his debut in Identity, the series premiere which aired back in 2009. He went on to star in 14 episodes, before making his exit in the 21st episode of season one. Dom was originally partnered with Kensi Blye (played by Daniela Ruah). He was sadly captured and killed in a dramatic instalment, leading to actor Craig's exit. READ MORE: NCIS: Who is Sean Murray's daughter Cay Ryan Murray? His character's death came as a shock to many fans as they expected him to develop further. Executive producer Shane Brennan spoke to Entertainment Weekly in 2010 saying none of the cast members were safe from being written off. He said: "The audience is meeting a whole bunch of characters, and you get the opportunity to play around with them. "I'm a great believer in playing with the audience's expectations. "It's about making it as different and fresh as often as you can. "And I certainly took that approach with this first season... I want them to know that nothing is sacred. "And the cast is aware that this is the game I play. No one's safe." Craig said he was "surprised" to have been killed off but understood why his character had to die. He said: "I had big hopes for Agent Vail, so, naturally, it took me by surprise. "But I have complete trust and respect in Shane's vision for the characters and the world he created. DON'T MISS...Why won’t Linda Hunt return to NCIS LA this season? [EXPLAINER] Michael Weatherly sparks frenzy with throwback to pre-NCIS role [DISCUSSION] NCIS LA season 13: Fatima and Roundtree under fire [INSIGHT] "It has been an incredible experience working with such a talented cast and crew." Dom disappeared in the episode Past Lives and it was revealed he had been captured by professional kidnappers. They had been hired by Islamic militants and he was held hostage in the hope of facilitating a prisoner exchange. When his colleagues came to his aid, a gunfight ensued and Dom took a hit, sacrificing himself to save one of them. Despite efforts to stop the bleeding, Dom died and his demise left the OSP team heartbroken. His position as Kensi's partner was taken over by LAPD Detective Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen). His other co-stars were also shocked to hear about Dominic's death. Since leaving the series, Craig went on to manage a small IT company called HyperNerd Inc. He went on to have small roles in Giraffes, The Power to Cure and Armed Response.  NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 airs on CBS on Sundays.