Manchester United’s defence has caused them plenty of issues over the past few seasons, and new boss Erik ten Hag looks adamant that he will resolve the matter. He is reportedly keen to reunite with Lisandro Martinez of Ajax at Old Trafford. The arrival of Raphael Varane last summer was supposed to solidify United’s defence for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, but not even the four-time Champions League winner has made an impact. Instead, the former Real Madrid star has hardly looked out of place in the shaky back-four. Therefore, it comes as no surprise that reports are circulating that the Ten Hag wants to strengthen the backline. Especially after Roy Keane’s scathing review of them last year following their 1-1 draw with Tottenham in 2020, when he wasn’t afraid of pointing his finger at individual issues. Speaking after Steven Bergwijn’s opener, Keane told Sky Sports: “I'm shocked at that goal, I've watched a lot of football over the years but I'm fuming there. I can't believe Shaw heading the ball up in the air. I'm staggered at Maguire. I'm sick to death of this goalkeeper. JUST IN: Tuchel explains how Chelsea are falling further in transfer market “I would be fighting him at halftime, I would be swinging punches. This is an established international goalkeeper. You look at Shaw. He heads it up in the air and starts running forward.” Keane’s rant was certainly one to remember. Luke Shaw and Harry Maguire could be key figures under Ten Hag given that he won’t have the budget to rebuild an entire 25-man squad in the summer, so reinforcements are certainly of the essence. DON'T MISS...What Man Utd think about Maguire and Varane ahead of Ten Hag eraMan Utd reach conclusion after ‘investigating’ leaks under RangnickManchester United already happy with Erik ten Hag and ‘important step' Martinez has been rock solid in the heart of the Ajax defence over the past three seasons, and his experience working under Ten Hag will be attractive to the higher powers at United. His versatility will certainly be an attractive factor given that he is capable of slotting into midfield or into left-back if required. The Red Devils have also been linked with Martinez’s centre-back partner Jurrien Timber, whilst Villarreal’s Pau Torres remains of interest. It remains to be seen how Ten Hag looks to fix the United defence and whether he decides to press on with his ‘tried and tested’ targets, or rather commits to developing the central defenders already at the club.