The reason why oesophageal varices develop is because the blood needs to find a way around the blockage. As a result, it diverts into small blood vessels; ones not intended to be used to carry large volumes of blood. Subsequently, these vessels can leak or even rupture; causing bleeding that can be life threatening. Symptoms of oesophageal varices include:• Vomiting large amounts of blood• Black, tarry stools• Light-headedness• Loss of consciousness in severe cases. READ MORE: High blood pressure: The drink that can have 'consistent benefits' It is highly recommended an individual should contact their doctor if they’re exhibiting any signs of oesophageal varices. If already diagnosed with liver disease, it is likely a GP may have informed said individual about their risk of the varices and what they can do to reduce their risk. Furthermore, patients can also have a procedure to allow varices to be checked out. Oesophageal varices are caused by either severe liver scarring, a blood clot, or a parasitic infection.  Severe liver scarring, when caused by liver disease, is one of the latest stages of the condition. So long as liver disease is caught early, it can be treated without serious ramifications. Early symptoms of liver disease are:• A dull or aching pain in the top right of the tummy• Extreme tiredness• Unexplained weight loss• Weakness. Meanwhile, there is encouraging news regarding the outbreak of a form of acute hepatitis affecting children. Although the cause of the illness is not quite understood, scientists have now said they believe the outbreak has peaked. According to recent data, around 180 children have fallen ill with the unusual form of liver disease since the outbreak began in Scotland earlier this year. The disease has since spread around the world to 12 other countries. King’s College London’s Dr Tassos Grammatikopoulos said the UK “seems to be past the peak”. Liverpool University’s Professor Calum Semple added he hoped that the virus would, like COVID-19, recede over the summer. So far, the exact cause of the outbreak and spread is not known. However, scientists have ruled out the possibility the infections were caused by dogs.