Holidu, a search engine for holiday rentals, looked at Google reviews to find England’s best beach. Where was the top spot? Bossiney Cove in Cornwall was crowned as England’s best beach in the rankings. A Holidu spokesperson said: “England’s most beautiful beach for this year is Bossiney Cove in Cornwall. “This is a beautiful, secluded beach that is nestled in a picturesque cove. This is the perfect beach for anyone looking to spend some time swimming in the sea as it is home to a reef along the western edge of the sands, providing a wonderful marine environment for snorkelling.” Bossiney Cove is just a mile from Tintagel and is described as a “hidden gem” by Visit Cornwall. Woolacombe Beach in Devon was the second best rated beach in England in the seaside rankings. The award winning beach is popular with families and surfers due to its exciting rolling surf. At three miles long, it’s easy for holidaymakers to find a quiet spot to relax even during the peak season. The beach also has parking for 2,000 cars which means Britons might be able to find a spot even during busy periods. In third place in the English rankings was Cuckmere Haven in East Sussex. The Sussex beach is a very popular tourist destination. It’s next to the famous chalk cliffs, the Seven Sisters, which give it an atmospheric setting. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “A breathtaking place. Simply astonishing!” Another wrote: “Cuckmere Haven is English landscape at its best with a wide choice of walking or sitting on offer.“The coastal view is exquisite.” Dorset had the most beaches in the top 10 with three beaches earning a place in the rankings. A Holidu spokesperson said: “If a British staycation is on the cards for your holiday of choice this year, there’s a chance that you’ll be favouring a location that has the maximum chance of sunny weather. “For this, your best bet is to head to the southern coast of England. Cornwall and Devon are popular choices year in and year out. “Bossiney Cove in Cornwall and Woolacombe Beach in Devon are two of the highest-rated beaches in the regions.”