British-American actress Minnie Driver remembers feeling that the love and praise she received after shedding the pounds was not directed at her authentic self. Speaking of her success as a slimmer woman, she stated she felt she had locked her true self away in a room - and that it took time to rediscover who she was. The 52-year-old starred in Circle of Friends back in 1995, but following that film, she began to lose weight - and the interest in her increased rapidly. "I did not grow up being a beautiful girl in that normalised sense," she admitted, on an episode of the podcast How To Fail With Elizabeth Day. "I was galumphing and overgrown and couldn't fit clothes that fit me." "When I lost this weight in Hollywood, suddenly all these people [were] now saying 'God you're so pretty' and 'This is amazing' and 'You're slim and you're gorgeous'," the Cinderella movie star recalled. READ NOW: A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies shares racy bedroom selfie "I was like 'F*** you' [because] they literally did not see the person that I categorically know that I am!" she exclaimed. She had grown up around a sister who represented "idealised beauty" in a "90s supermodel sort of way" and she recalled always been the larger one. Now, however, the Hollywood crowd had started praising her for an identity she didn't feel was truly hers. In spite of her uncertainty, she was determined to ride the wave of success. "All of my insecurities and all of the stuff that I felt I'd failed at so far in my young life, I could leave behind and I could be this new person," she elaborated. A long string of films and showbiz appearances followed, including the movie Good Will Hunting in 1997. However, she felt the consequences of Good Will from Hollywood movie executives amounted to sacrificing her true self. "I left myself behind," she lamented of that period in her life. DON'T MISS... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [DEBATE] Mel Gibson, 66, unrecognisable as he is spotted in Glasgow [PHOTOS] Catherine Zeta-Jones' emotional tribute as son Dylan, 21, graduates [LATEST]  By the time she reached her early 30s, a turning point of rediscovery came. She had hit rock bottom after becoming "isolated in a disastrous relationship". Minnie recalled that her partner had been encouraging her not to work, and to let the relationship "define" her. When the toxic romance started to slip away, it forced her to examine what she still had in her life. She also began to realise the emphasis she had placed on her stage self, sex appeal, popularity and financial success. "[I felt that] I'm only a successful person if people are loving me and I'm making hundreds or tens of millions of dollars," she mused. However in her desperation to be "exalted", she found that she had lost sight of who she truly was. A showbiz friend insisted that she spend some time living with his pal who owned a guesthouse in Hawaii - and she entered an island idyll where she was largely unknown. It was there that she began to make her recovery - and although she is still a firm fixture in the movie industry, she now feels success is more on her own terms.