Yes he was a last minute stand-in (or was he?) to read the Queen's Speech at the State Opening of Parliament after his mum was advised on doctors' orders to miss the event for the first time six decades. And yes he dutifully (if slightly diffidently) read through the usual stuff from Boris about how the Government is promising to do, well, all the stuff we pay them for. But the content became a dull sideshow as it started to sink in this was it, King Charles effectively in situ (practically on a throne), flanked by Queen Camilla and Prince William. We were looking at the future. And this back-to-the-future realisation rather took the shine off Boris's program - because I'm not certain anyone, in the Chamber or watching at home, was really listening. Instead we were assessing how Charles was doing in his first real dress rehearsal for the role he must one day assume. We are told Charles' appearance was a response to events but it felt so stage managed, like it had been planned for months. And the results from the Jury? I think it's fair to say opinons were mixed. The Prince looked exhausted, and dare I say it, old. Twitter made much reference to the use of his sword as a walking aid, and with all that usual warmth of that particular social media obviously went for the jugular over one of Britain's richest men talking about the cost of living crisis. Not really, I think you'll agree, Charles' personal fault. One particularly observant tweeter wrote: "I have a feeling things are about to change. Prince Charles does not believe a word of what he is reading. It’s all over his face." Another wrote: "Hereditary prince in a ridiculous Ruritanian uniform on a golden throne in Parliament’s unelected chamber reading out a Government’s annual plan." And a third: "No harm to #PrinceCharles but he looks finished before he's started." But it was far from all bad. An enthused CountessCommonwealth gushed: "So proud of him! A historic day for #PrinceCharles and the monarchy." And another royal fan offered: "Charles is stepping up his royal responsibilities, becoming 'de facto' Prince Regent." But which ever way you looked at it this was bizarrely both at once history and the future. For my money the Prince, flanked by arguably the public's two favourite royals, looked the part - far more than I think we expected. And if he seemed a bit perfunctory or off his game remember his mum is really not well. So, history in the making then, something new we've never seen in Parliament before. We'd do well to enjoy it because even the most cursory assessment of the stuff he was reading out - the stuff we were supposed to focus on - suggests we are in for weeks and months of more of the same. 