Prince Charles, 73, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, 74, are currently undertaking a three-day royal tour of Canada. The visit has been arranged as part of celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.   The couple arrived in Canada on Tuesday and spent the day in Newfoundland and Labrador. They then flew to Ottawa in the event and are touring the area for day two of their visit. The city was recently described by the Prince of Wales as "the much-storied capital at the heart of a great nation." The royal couple were pictured with sombre expressions as they attended a ceremony at the National War Memorial. During their visit, Charles and Camilla observed a minute of silence, before laying a wreath and a bouquet of flowers to honour Canada's war dead. The memorial was unveiled by King George VI in 1939. In 1951, the Duke of Edinburgh and Princess Elizabeth laid a wreath at the memorial. Charles, who is the colonel-in-chief of the Black Watch, Royal Highland Regiment, also inspected some of the assembled military personnel. While Camilla did the same for the Queen's Own Rifles of Canada, a Toronto regiment of which she is the honorary colonel. READ MORE: Regal Kate stuns in pink dress as she represents Queen at garden party The royal couple also enjoyed music from a bugler who played the Last Post and the Piper's Lament. Both songs are traditionally played at Remembrance Day ceremonies. Charles and Camilla then received a warm welcome at an impromptu walkabout as crowds gathered to meet with the heir to the throne and future Queen Consort. About a thousand people, some of them carrying Canadian, British and Ukrainian flags, lined the streets that surround the National War Memorial and shouted excitedly, eager to catch a glimpse of Their Royal Highnesses. The couple wandered into the group to shake hands with some of those waiting to speak with them following calls of "Please come this way!" and "Thanks for coming!" DON'T MISS Carole Middleton 'in charge' of George, Charlotte and Louis [REPORT] ‘Approachable’ Sophie Wessex stuns in ‘down-to-earth’ floral dress [PICTURES] Kate and William take 'step away from Queen's style' [INSIGHT] Camilla and Charles also signed the Veteran Affairs Canada Visitor’s Book before departing. The couple were pictured getting in the car to head to the Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral for a prayer service. The trip marks the couple's first visit to Canada in five years. Their second day in Canada began with Charles being invested as an extraordinary commander in the Order of Military Merit. The order recognises exceptional service by active members of the Canadian Armed Forces. The Prince of Wales has accepted nine honorary appointments and three honorary ranks in the Canadian Armed Forces during his lifetime.   The royal couple arrived with Governor-General Mary Simon and her husband, Whit Fraser at a large drawing room at Rideau Hall — the official residence for visiting members of the Royal Family — earlier this morning. The couple was greeted by the vice-chief of defence staff, Lt.-Gen. Frances Allen, before taking their places in the front of the room for the ceremony. Charles is pictured wearing a dark blue pinstriped suit while Camilla is sporting a blue coat for today's events. Also on their itinerary today is a visit to Ottawa's famed ByWard Market and a local school. The couple will also speak with female Afghan refugees and meet with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Prince Charles and Camilla's final event of the day is a Platinum Jubilee reception at Rideau Hall. 