The RHS Chelsea Flower Show returns this week and members of the Royal Family have been touring the incredible installations at the iconic gardening fixture. There are several green-fingered members of the Royal Family, but they all have different tastes when it comes to their favourite flowers. Here are the favourite flowers of royals like Prince Charles and the Queen. The Queen's favourite bloom is thought to be Lily of the Valley, a plant famed for its white bell-shaped flowers and sweet smell. Lily of the Valley is thought to symbolise motherhood, purity and good luck, and in the language of flowers represents sweetness, tears of the Virgin Mary and humility. But for the Queen, Lily of the Valley is also hugely sentimental. The Queen carried the flowers in her bouquet of orchids when she married the Duke of Edinburgh in 1947, and it also featured in the Queen's coronation bouquet. At this year's Chelsea Flower Show, Lily of the Valley features significantly in a portrait sculpture to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: Kate, William, Sophie and Edward step in for Queen in appearance TODAY  Delphiniums are bold, striking plants that come in a range of vibrant colours, and they are a firm favourite of the future King. The Prince of Wales previously told BBC Radio 4 about his adoration for the plant, stating: “I have an absolute passion… for delphiniums – and I’ve always had it. "There’s something about those Edwardian watercolours… To me, gardening is rather like painting. You need to get the paint on – and not muck about.” The floral experts at Flying Flowers said: "The delphinium is a wonderful flower that symbolises positivity which is very fitting for our future King. "It can be grown in sunny spots and makes a lovely addition to a summer garden."  Alchemilla Mollis is a dainty perennial that sprouts tiny yellow or green flowers, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall is a big fan. In 2020, Camilla chose the plant for the #MyChelseaGarden Twitter trend, with the Royal Family's account sharing: "The Duchess of Cornwall has opted for Alchemilla Mollis, saying: ‘This acid green fluffy - flowered plant is one of the best ever foliage plants for the garden and the vase. A must for every gardener…'" Flying Flowers experts said: "The bright green flowering plant is also known as also known as ‘lady’s mantle’ and is a firm favourite with gardeners as it's great for filling flowerbeds." DON'T MISS:Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [ANALYSIS]Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ [INSIGHT]‘Simple steps’ to ‘deter’ wasps away from your home [EXPLAINER]  The Earl and Countess of Wessex chose azaleas for the #MyChelseaGarden Twitter trend. At the time, the couple said the vibrant plants are “so breath-taking at this time of year and have the most intoxicating scent”. Azaleas are thought to represent family, familial duty, wealth and elegance. 