Liverpool hero Mohamed Salah has issued another word of warning Real Madrid before their Champions League final showdown on Saturday - claiming the club are 'not done yet' in their quest for more trophies. Salah has already made it clear he's on a personal mission for revenge against Los Blancos in Paris this weekend. Having won both domestic cups on penalties against Chelsea this season, the Reds almost took their third trophy of the season on the final day of the Premier League campaign. They had to rely on Manchester City dropping points to Aston Villa whilst beating Wolves themselves, and that looked as though it could happen when Steven Gerrard's men went 2-0 up at the Etihad. But City's 3-2 win meant that the title remained in Manchester, robbing Liverpool of the opportunity to seize their third domestic trophy of the campaign. They still have the Champions League to contend for, and will take on Real Madrid in Paris on Saturday to lift the coveted European Cup for the seventh time in their history. And after a long, gruelling season, Salah had fired a warning at Los Blancos that they will not give up. "We’re not done yet," Salah said on Twitter on Tuesday night. They will be looking to take revenge on Real after their 3-1 loss in Kyiv in 2018. Salah went off in tears on the half-hour mark after a strong challenge from Sergio Ramos saw him pick up a shoulder injury. Gareth Bale went on to produce a masterclass in Ukraine to win Real Madrid the title. And that night will be playing in the back of the Egyptian's mind as he takes to the Stade de France to lift the trophy for the second time in his career. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp similarly warned Saturday's opponents after their win over Wolves at the weekend, saying failing to win the league makes them more hungry for European success. "Losing the league today of course increased the desire to put it right next week, and yeah, what’s happened has increased the desire for us for sure," Klopp said. "There is incredible expectation on this team, but that’s okay. "I am incredibly proud, of course I am, the boys played an incredible season, the whole journey so far has been absolutely exceptional. It has been incredible, and for us it doesn’t end today. We have a week now to prepare for the final and that is what we will do. We will try absolutely everything. "The season was so close, so tight, it came down to moments, decisions. What I learned about life is, if you stay focused and keep going, you get the reward. Not today, but we will keep going and it will happen.”