The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited St John's Primary School in Glasgow to take part in a special "Roots of Empathy" session with children ageed 5-13. Royal correspondent Richard Palmer noted how Kate's response to the program was interesting. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth on the Daily Express' Royal Roundup, Mr Palmer highlighted Kate's questions. He said: "Kate actually said, 'do you this is something we should see in every school in the UK. "I always think, why can you not just say, 'we would like to see this'. "They're so terrified of getting involved in a party political debate about it. "But she did say, 'because we do' and I thought that was really interesting." READ MORE: Royal Family: Major first as Queen hands William huge new role Ms Forsyth added: "Perhaps this is a sign of the modernisation and coming across a lot more human. "Even showing a slight opinion on topics like this." Mr Palmer continued: "It's definitely a step away from the Queen's style of monarchy." It comes as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have called on the nation to "lift someone out of loneliness" with small acts of kindness, in a special radio broadcast for Mental Health Awareness Week. William and Kate took to the airwaves of more than 500 stations across the country to speak to an estimated 20 million listeners in the 60-second message for this year's Mental Health Minute. The couple, who have long campaigned on mental health issues, urged the public to make a difference, with Kate saying: "If you think someone you know might be feeling lonely, just give them a ring, send them a text or knock on the door." William added "Maybe suggest meeting for a coffee or a walk", as Kate continued: "Because these small acts of kindness can make a big difference and help us all feel less lonely." The pair apologised for interrupting all of the UK's radio stations which united to play the message simultaneously at 10.59am on Friday. But Kate added: "If we interrupt the lives of those who are feeling alone..." DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan 'damaging the Crown' as Queen given 'little option' [INSIGHT]Meghan's 'money spinner' plans for cancelled Netflix show exposed [ANALYSIS]Queen told to make Prince Charles regent after Jubilee [VIDEO] "We can help lift them out of loneliness," the duke continued. William noted "We're all in different places right now", with the duchess saying "Not just physically but mentally". The duke then added "And we can all feel lonely sometimes", with Kate commenting: "No matter who - or where - we are." William said the past two years of the pandemic have reminded people of the importance of human relationships.