Joe Wicks, 36, otherwise known as The Body Coach, has admitted that he doesn’t speak with his wife Rosie Jones, 31, for “a day or two” at times. Rosie is a former model, who started her career as a teenager. The fitness trainer spoke about times they have bickered during their relationship in a new interview. Joe was asked if the couple have disagreements, but he revealed that they don’t “have rows” and tend to “give the silent treatment” if they are annoyed with one another. The coach admitted they both have “stubborn” tendencies. When asked if they argue, he said: “We don’t, really.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady The 36-year-old said: “We’re more likely to give the silent treatment if we annoy each other. “We can be stubborn and can go a day or two without talking, but we don’t have rows. “We parent quite similarly. She’s so maternal. She’s so patient with them, and I learn a lot from her," he told Radio Times. Joe also spoke about how the public perception of him isn’t always accurate. He explained: “People think I’m Mr Happy and I am always positive and upbeat but there are also days where I feel flat.” He added: “I try to be truthful and honest, and show vulnerability, because that’s my superpower. “What I’ve realised about childhood trauma is that it can completely paralyse you and destroy your life, or it can give you energy and direction. “I don’t look back and feel sorry for myself.” The fitness guru has opened up about his poignant childhood as part of a new documentary, produced by Louis Theroux’s production company Mindhouse Productions. DON'T MISS:Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [UPDATE]BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST]Alan Sugar brands Johnny Depp 'nutter’ and insults Amber Heard [COMMENT]  In the documentary, which will air on BBC One next week, Joe goes on an emotional journey where he looks back on his turbulent childhood. His mother had acute OCD and his father suffered from heroin addiction. He also explores how parental mental health affects families today. In March, Joe swapped his fitness gear for a suit and tie as he was awarded an MBE. His YouTube workouts kept the nation active during lockdown as he became a “supply PE teacher” and raised £580,000 for the NHS. He also raised £2million for Children in Need with a 24-hour fitness challenge. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times. 