Netflix’s hit comedy series Grace and Frankie premiered its finale last week after being on screens for seven years. While fans said an emotional goodbye to the characters, many were pleased to see Dolly Parton make a surprise appearance, which Jane Fonda opened up about.  On Monday, Grace and Frankie stars Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin made an appearance on The Kelly Clarkson show to discuss the series coming to an end. Crowned as Netflix’s longest-running original show, the comedy followed the lives of two women who were forced into a friendship after their husbands got married to each other. Viewers watched as they experienced existential panic attacks, medical scares and family dramas while their friendship blossomed. The season finale titled ‘The Beginning,’ took a surprising turn in a number of ways, however, fans were left speechless after Dolly Parton made an appearance. READ MORE:  Emmerdale theory: Andrea Tate returns as she's Gabby's stalker This was a highly anticipated reunion for the three actresses, who had all starred in the hit 1980 film ‘9 to 5.’ Speaking of the musician’s appearance, Fonda joked: “I was nervous but not because of her, I was because of her,” she said while pointing at her co-star. She continued: “We’re very excited, that was the greatest, she’s on our last episode, we were just so excited that the show was going to end with.” This was also a huge deal for fans as they were overjoyed to see the long-awaited reunion finally happen onscreen.  Dolly’s character introduced herself to Gracie and Frankie as the “working-class angel,” after the two friends found themselves in the afterlife. Viewers were stunned to see the duo wake in the bright white setting, which confirmed they had died on earth. After being astonished at the lack of arthritis pain, there was a sound of a doorbell, which led Frankie to joke: “Are you supposed to knock on heaven's door?” When the women walked through Parton greeted them with: “Well hi girls!”  DON'T MISS...Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter [INSIGHT] ‘A lot of them in us’ Jane Fonda broke down in tears saying goodbye [REACTION]Grace and Frankie: Jane and Lily’s next film project confirmed [INSIGHT] Speaking to Kelly Clarkson, Fonda stated: “The way she is in the last episode is just perfect, you couldn’t think of a better way to have Dolly appear.” Viewers were in agreement as they took to social media to express their sheer excitement about her cameo. This included @rashelleg_ who wrote: “It was such a wonderful surprise seeing Dolly in this season.” A thrilled @starrrways added: “Omg when Dolly showed up! The scream that escaped out of my throat and then happy, happy tears. Iconic!”  @beckhughesx claimed: “Dolly being in the last ever episode of Grace and Frankie is the most iconic thing.” An excited: “@SassyDNichelle tweeted: “It’s Dolly!!!!!!!!” In an interview with Vanity Fair, the show’s co-creator Martha Kaufman explained why the series had to come to an end. She disclosed: “We had done the stories that were most important to us, and it felt like it was the right time to end the series. And it’s better to leave them wanting more than to have people go, ‘Oh, they should have ended last year.’” Grace and Frankie is available on Netflix. 