The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be joining the rest of the Royal Family for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, which are less than two weeks away. Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, said they were “excited and honoured” to be returning for the occasion to celebrate the monarch’s milestone. They will be joined by their two children – three-year-old Archie and 11-month-old Lilibet – for the occasion. This will mark the first time the couple have visited the UK with their children in tow. It also marks the first time the Sussexes will be pictured with the Firm following their explosive tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey which aired in March last year. The couple made a series of bombshell claims about their time as members of the Royal Family. They alleged there had been “concerns and conversations” raised by a member of the family about what colour Archie's skin would be. They also claimed that a rift had arisen between Harry and his father, with the Duke claiming that at one point Prince Charles had "stopped taking my calls". The series of bombshell claims made by the duo saw them being accused of severely damaging the Royal Family’s international reputation, while others questioned the accuracy of their allegations. After airing, Buckingham Palace released a statement that said “while some recollections may vary” the issues were “taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately”. READ MORE: Queen compared to North Korean dictator in mural to honour her Jubilee But the Sussexes' trip to Britain could prove “beneficial to all parties” according to a marketing expert. Marie-Agnès Parmentier, Professor of Marketing at HEC Montréal claims the trip will provide a “visibility boost” for Meghan and Harry, but also signals their feelings towards the Queen. She claims the trip and reuniting following the controversy and also the pandemic is a “powerful statement”. She told Express.co.uk: “I do think that Meghan and Harry’s return will be beneficial to all parties. “Not only will it provide a visibility boost but it will also signal that their respect, care, and love for the Queen, Harry’s grand-mother after all and the great grandmother of his children, supersede any disagreements that they may have had with the palace. “After a pandemic that killed so many vulnerable people, I think for both Meghan and Harry and the royal family, to signal the importance of humanity is a powerful statement that hopefully resonates in these divisive times.” DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry’s polo kisses go from ‘sexy to sweet’ [ANALYSIS] Queen's £62k golf buggy has brown leather seats & 43mph top speed [INSIGHT]Royal Family ‘united’ against Prince Andrew being in spotlight [REPORT] During an interview in the Netherlands last month, Harry spoke candidly about his close relationship with the Queen. Speaking with the Today’s show anchor Hoda Kotb, the Duke lso revealed details about a surprise face-to-face meeting he and his wife had with the monarch prior to arriving in The Hague for the Invictus Games. Harry said he and his grandmother shared a "special relationship" and "talk about things that she can't talk about with anybody else". He also described Her Majesty as being in “great form” during the visit which marked the first time the Sussexes have returned to the UK together since quitting royal duties. He added: “She’s always got a great sense of humour with me and I’m just making sure she’s protected and got the right people around her.” During the interview. Harry expressed doubts about the trip to Britain being able to go ahead owing to his ongoing security issues with the Home Office. Harry said he was trying to “make it possible” so “that I can get my kids to meet her.” The Queen is unlikely to have seen the couple’s eldest child Archie since the family moved stateside. The monarch has also yet to have the chance to meet her namesake Lilibet as the child was born at a Santa Barbara hospital on June 4. She is likely to celebrate her first birthday in the UK during the UK visit.