Stranger Things season four has gone down a huge hit on Netflix and it has been branded the scariest season yet. The series follows a new kind of evil in the form of a demon called Vecna, who targets victims who have suffered trauma. One of his targets is Max (played by Sadie Sink), and a Kate Bush track saves her life. The new episodes of Stranger Things delivered on the fear factor as Vecna went on a relentless killing spree. He preyed on the most vulnerable Hawkins residents, who were all dealing with some sort of tragedy from their past. Max was still mourning the loss of her brother Billy (Dacre Montgomery), who died at the end of the previous season. The opening of season four saw Max reluctantly attend a number of counselling sessions. She used music as her vice and had a favourite track, Kate Bush's Running Up That Hill. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 theory: Does Nancy die in stranger things? The song would go on to save her life as her friends played it to snap her out of a hypnotic state. The track is from Kate Bush's 1985 album Hounds of Love and it is pivotal to the plot. In 2018, the Outkast rapper Big Boi explained how the song made listeners envision their own world they can run to. Max was looking for somewhere to escape the heartbreak after the death of her brother, and she fits the song perfectly. The chorus includes the lyrics: "And if I only could, I'd make a deal with God and I'd get him to swap our places." This could be referring to Max and Billy's relationship, which she tries to rekindle at his graveside. In an emotional letter, Max explained how she thought the pair could have turned out as friends. Once she is under Vecna's curse, she "ran up that hill" towards her friends and save herself from his grasp. At first, she ran away from her emotions, but she discovered she needed to run toward all the things that made her life worth living. Since the show's fourth season aired, Kate Bush's song has climbed to the top of the music charts. DON'T MISS... Who plays Enzo in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER] Stranger Things: Is Dr Brenner really Eleven's dad? [INSIGHT] Stranger Things season 4 cast: Who is Eddie Munson actor Joseph Quinn? [EXPLAINER] The song was at number 13 on Spotify's Worldwide Top 200 as of May 30. It also reached 42 on iTunes Top 100: Global and 10 on the streaming services Top 100: UK. Back in 1985, Bush told Cloudbusting about the meaning behind the angelic song. She said: “It’s about a relationship between a man and a woman. "They love each other very much, and the power of the relationship is something that gets in the way.” “It creates insecurities. It’s saying if the man could be the woman and the woman the man, if they could make a deal with God, to change places, that they’d understand what it’s like to be the other person and perhaps it would clear up misunderstandings. "You know, all the little problems; there would be no problem.” She said the track was going to be called Deal With God but the title was tweaked so it would appeal to a wider audience. Stranger Things season 4 is on Netflix now.