Brenda Blethyn, who has played DCI Stanhope in ITV series Vera since 2011, began her career as an actress at the age of 27. The star, who was a typist for 10 years, decided she had a passion for being on stage, and so she took the risk and began attending theatre school. However, Brenda has admitted it was a bittersweet moment for her, as her marriage broke down at the same time she launched her acting career. She also opened up about how she kept the acting school a secret as she wasn't sure how her parents would react. "It wasn't something I craved for or something I dreamed for at all," Brenda admitted when asked about becoming an actress. "I did what most girls did in those days and became a secretary. "And it was whilst I was working at British Rail, the freight marketing department and somebody came in and said, 'Oh, can you help us out? We're entering a drama competition, the amateur dramatics and somebody has gotten sick, can you do it, please? There's only one line'." READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Beloved family torn apart in resident exit plot She continued during the Radio 4 Saturday Live podcast: "And I thought, 'I couldn't do that, get on a stage', but they were persuasive and I did it and I loved the whole experience. "I felt so comfortable in the theatre, it just fit, it was like putting on a garment that fits really well and you feel good in it. "I thought, 'Well, I've arrived, this is where I'm meant to be', so I went to drama school with the idea of just working in the theatre. "It never entered my head I would ever be on television or in a film in a cinema." It was at that point in her life that Brenda decided to apply to a drama school. However, when she was due to start, the actress admitted everything changed for her because her marriage came to an end. "I was 27, something like that and I was married," the DCI Stanhope star remembered. "But at the time, I was accepted on the course at Guilford and actually [I was] going in the September [and] my marriage broke up. " DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn details off-screen Vera secret [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [NEWS] "My entire life changed, my prospects, my job, my bank balance, where I lived, my friends," she added. "Everything changed, and it was quite a brave thing to do, but I'm so glad I did it. Discussing her parents' reaction to her bold move, Brenda said: "My parents were only concerned that I was happy. "I didn't tell them straight away, I waited until I realised I had made the right decision." She joked: "So it was a couple of months into my course before I told them. "They were only concerned that I was happy or whatever I was doing was legal." Brenda began her career on the stage after she joined the Royal National Theatre. However, she quickly turned her attention to TV and films and starred in the likes of Pride and Prejudice and Saving Grace. Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.