The video shows a Ukrainian soldier concealed behind bushes holding a shoulder-mounted Javelin rocket launcher. He then fires into a field, where a Russian tank has come to a halt after suffering earlier damage. The missile strikes directly above the tank’s turret and the vehicle erupts into a fireball, shattering into pieces.    The FGM-148 Javeline missile is an advanced anti-tank weapons system which has been used prolifically by Ukraine in their fight against Russian invaders. The US has supplied upwards of 5,000 of these to Ukraine, while NATO member states have contributed thousands more. Their use became so prominent among Ukrainian soldiers that an image dubbed “Saint Javelin”, which depicts Mary Magdelene holding a Javelin launcher, went viral on social media. The image became a symbol of the Ukrainian resistance against the Russian invasion.    Meanwhile, Russia claimed today it had struck Ukrainian positions in the east with missiles, targeting command centres and arsenals as its forces seek to surround Ukrainian units between Izium and Donetsk. Izium is near the Donets river, about 75 miles from Kharkiv on the main highway heading southeast. Sustained pressure on Izium and Russian supply lines will make it harder for Putin’s forces to encircle battle-hardened Ukrainian troops on the eastern front in the Donbas. Ukrainian regional governor Oleh Sinegubov said: "The hottest spot remains the Izium direction. Our armed forces have switched to a counteroffensive there. The enemy is retreating on some fronts." READ MORE: Russians pen sick 'Eurovision' message on missiles to bomb Azovstal [REVEAL]   In Ruska Lozova, a village between Kharkiv and Ukraine's border with Russia, Ukrainian commanders said they believed Russia had redeployed troops to defend Izium while keeping their opponents pinned down with artillery fire. Ihor Obolensky, who commands the National Guard and volunteer force which captured Ruska Lozova eight days ago, said: "The Russian attack on Kharkiv has been destroyed and they understand this.” He added: "They need to try for a new victory and want to hold Izium." DON'T MISS: Horror moment Russia drops 'phosphorus bombs' on Mariupol - WATCH [REVEAL] China says 'only matter of time" before Putin defeated in Ukraine [INSIGHT] 'F*ked up!' Russian marine loses it with commander during drone attack [REPORT]   The Ukrainian military admitted to setbacks in broader areas in the Donbas. They said this morning that “despite losses, Russian forces continue to advance in the Lyman, Sievierodonetsk, Avdiivka and Kurakhiv areas in the broader Donbas region". Ukrainian officials said missiles destroyed military infrastructure overnight on Saturday and were fired at the Lviv region from the Black Sea. And nine civilians were wounded in Russian shelling of Sievierodonetsk hospital yesterday evening, according to Serhiy Gaidai, governor of the eastern Luhansk region. Another 10 civilians were wounded in the southern region of Mykolaiv in the last 24 hours, the regional council said, without providing details.   