The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been tipped to attend the service of thanksgiving scheduled to take place at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3. This would represent the biggest royal reunion they attended together since their nuptials in May 2018 and the first major event since the Commonwealth Day service in March 2020. The service is the only public event expected to be attended by all the Queen's children, including Prince Andrew, as well as most of the non-working members of the Firm, including Princess Margaret's children Lady Sarah Chatto and the Earl of Snowdon. Most of the Queen's 12 great-grandchildren are also likely to join other members of the Firm on this significant occasion. Archie Harrison, three, and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, who turns one next Saturday, are thought unlikely to join the other royal great-grandchildren at the service, the Telegraph wrote. At the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip, which took place in March, Princess Charlotte was one of the youngest attendees, aged six. However, her younger brother Prince Louis had been named in the Court Circular as a possible member of the congregation, which leads to believe the four-year-old will join his brother and sister at next week's service. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are travelling across the pond for the first time with their two children. Earlier this month, one of their representatives said Meghan and Harry were "excited and honoured" to attend the Jubilee celebrations with Lili and Archie. Archie, who was born in London in May 2019, left the UK a few months later alongside his parents. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan set for enormous £18M funding windfall While the Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to Britain on two occasions in early 2020, Archie has yet to travel back. Lili, born in June last year at a Santa Barbara hospital, has yet to meet in person her royal relatives. As non-working royals, Meghan and Harry will be allowed to attend in their private capacity only events open to the wider members of the family - such as the service and the Epsom Derby. Following the Queen's decision to only invite working royals on the balcony of Buckingham Palace for the Trooping the Colour parade, the Sussexes are among those who will miss out on this traditional appearance. Buckingham Palace is unlikely to announce in advance the Queen's attendance to the events planned for her historic milestone as she is experiencing episodic mobility issues. Aides are reportedly working on plans to ensure the sovereign can attend the service at the cathedral with dignity, as she may be unable to walk the several steps in front of St Paul's main entrance. Since last October, the monarch has missed a number of important events - including the National Service of Remembrance and the Commonwealth Day service. Most recently, she tasked her son and heir Prince Charles to read the Queen's Speech on her behalf during the State Opening of Parliament. To be able to let the 96-year-old attend some events in person, aides have introduced a number of special arrangements. In March, when she took part in the poignant service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip, the monarch arrived to Westminster Abbey from a side entrance on Poets' Corner. This move slashed the distance the Queen had to cover from her car to her seat. On May 13, the Queen remained in her car to watch some of the contests taking place on the second day of the Royal Windsor Horse Show. She was later driven closer to the royal box to allow her to comfortably take a seat alongside her son Prince Edward. Finally, on May 23, the Queen delighted royal watchers with her attendance at the Chelsea Flower Show. But, rather than walk through the big area to view some of the gardens created for this year's show, the monarch toured the event aboard a golf buggy.