Elvis's daughter Lisa Marie Presley broke her recent tradition of social media silence to promote a biopic about her late father's musical legacy. Also taking the opportunity to share her feelings about her son Benjamin's tragic suicide in July 2020, she admitted she remains "absolutely destroyed" by the loss and has been too heartbroken to speak.  "I haven't posted in quite some time because there really isn't much to say, as I am and will forever be mourning the loss of my son," she wrote on Instagram. "Navigating through this hideous grief that absolutely destroyed and shattered my heart and my soul into almost nothing has swallowed me whole. "Not much else aside from my other 3 children gets my time and attention anymore." The 54-year-old added that she wished her beloved son, who took his own life in a family mansion, could still be alive to share in the joy of his grandfather's memory, portrayed through the biopic Elvis. READ NOW: Michael Douglas' son Cameron made emotional confession on family "It breaks my heart that my son isn't here to see it. He would have absolutely loved it as well," she wrote in view of her 377,000 followers. Describing herself on her account as a "simple Southern girl" who is devoted to her family, she has taken the loss hard. She went on to praise the Baz Luhrmann movie further, which she says she has now seen twice. "Let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite," she assured her fans.  Lisa revealed that embodiment of her father with her three surviving children reduced her to tears due to their emotional reaction to it. "What moved me to tears was watching Riley and Harper, and Finley afterwards, all 3 visibly overwhelmed in the best way possible way, and so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced," she exclaimed. Daughter Riley, her eldest child at 32, was the result of her marriage to first husband Danny Keogh, while her twin daughters Harper and Finley, 13, are shared with ex-husband Michael Lockwood. "Everyone involved poured their hearts and souls into it, which is evidenced in their performances," Lisa raved. "Baz, your utter genius combined with your love and respect for my father and this project is just so beautiful and so inspiring," she announced. "I know I'm being repetitive, but I don’t care! "Thank you for setting the record straight in such a deeply profound and artistic way." Emotions ran high in the comments after American singer-songwriter Linda Thompson told her: "I love you always and forever…I have from the first moment I met you", before adding: "You have suffered such a profound tragedy and loss… One that no parent should ever experience." Fans such as @lolomusic echoed her praise, stating: "I can’t wait to see [the movie] Lisa! It’s amazing to hear they’ve honored your dad in the way he truly deserves to be."  If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, or is struggling with suicidal thoughts, call the Samaritans on 116 123, at any time 24 hours a day.