Her Majesty’s 70-year reign will be marked across the country over a four-day extravaganza next week. Queen Elizabeth II is the longest-reigning British monarch and the first to reach this monumental milestone. From Thursday June 2 to Sunday June 5, there will be a host of royal events, starting with the Queen’s annual birthday parade and ending with the Platinum Pageant.  At the centre of the celebrations is a concert held at the monarch’s main London residence — ‘Party at the Palace’ will see some of the world’s biggest entertainers come together to honour the monarch and her historic reign. Diana Ross is headlining the special event, with other performers including Duran Duran, Annie Lennox and Sir Elton John. Non-musical talent, such as Sir David Attenborough, Emma Raducanu and Stephen Fry will also play central roles in paying tribute to the Queen. With their birthdays just weeks apart, Her Majesty and Sir David’s friendship goes back decades.  David Attenborough was knighted in 1985 for services to television and two decades later, he was given the Order of Merit. A new documentary called ‘Elizabeth: A Portrait in Parts’, gives insight into the bond the pair share. A clip, originally filmed for the 2017 ITV documentary, ‘The Queen's Green Planet,’ saw the monarch and Sir David strolling through Buckingham Palace gardens. The pair discussed the ambition of the Commonwealth Canopy as Her Majesty revealed her hopes that the project would “help change the climate.” Her Majesty’s project encouraged people to plant trees, much like her current initiative — The Queen’s Green Canopy — created to mark the Jubilee. Speaking about the project, Sir David said: “I suppose actually a lot of the trees with which you will be presented are going to change as our climate changes. “And there will be all kinds of different trees growing here in another 50 years maybe.” Giving a glimpse into the monarch’s sense of humour, she responded: “There might easily be yes. I won’t be here though.”  In another funny moment, the broadcaster tentatively pointed out that the Queen's sundial had been "neatly planted in the shade". This prompted the Queen to ask her head gardener: "Hadn't we thought of that? It wasn't in the shade originally, I'm sure. Maybe we could move it." It was later revealed that the sundial was moved to a more suitable spot. Speaking on This Morning soon after, gardening expert David Domoney said: “When the Queen says maybe we can move it, it gets moved from shady spot A to not-so-shady spot B. “And when the top's on and the sun is shining, it'll keep perfect time.” Sir David’s royal connections do not stop at the Queen, in fact the broadcaster has even spent time with the youngest generation of the Royal Family. In September 2020, he attended an outdoor screening of ‘David Attenborough: A Life On Our Planet’ with Prince William, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and their three children — Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four. Following the screening, the environmentalist gifted George with a 23-million-year-old tooth from a giant shark. Sir David described the Cambridge children as “charming” having spent time with them at the event. 