Ukrainian media reports regional governor Serhiy Haidai as saying that Russia is increasing its bombardment in Severodonetsk in the Luhansk region in a bid to take a regional centre. Mr Haidai also claimed the Russians were deliberately destroying Severodonetsk hospital. Express.co.uk has not been able to independently verify the claims.   Of the alleged hospital attack, Mr Haidai is quoted as saying: "In this way, they kill the wounded [and] take away from us the opportunity to save them." According to Ukrainian media outlet TCH, Mr Haidai described the Luhansk region as an outpost to deter the Russian army. In translated comments, he is quoted as saying: "While we are holding them back in the Luhansk region, our troops in the Kharkiv region can perform tasks, in the Donetsk region they can build a larger line of defence." Mr Haidai, who is the governor of the Luhansk area, is also reported as saying that Russian troops will be unable to cross the breakaway Donetsk region in a day or a couple of months.   The report comes three days after London said Kyiv had stopped Moscow's forces crossing the Siverskyi Donets river west of Severodonetsk, a city southeast of Kharkiv, the second-largest urban area in Ukraine. Footage released by Ukrainian Airborne Forces Command appeared to show several burnt out military vehicles near segments of a partly submerged bridge and many other damaged or abandoned vehicles, including tanks, nearby. Meanwhile, Ukraine's Joint Forces Task Force said on Monday, May 16, that 20 civilians, including a child, were killed in Russian shelling in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. The military task force said in a statement on its Facebook page that 25 communities in the regions were fired at with 42 residential buildings and a school among the locations hit.  READ MORE ABOUT A SMART METER WARNING   Express.co.uk has not been able to independently verify the report. Ukraine launched a counter-attack against Russian forces on the eastern front on Monday after Western military agencies said Moscow's offensive in the Donbas region had stalled. Interior ministry adviser Vadym Denisenko said in televised comments that fighting near Kharkiv was "our counter-offensive". Mr Haidai said the situation "remains difficult" as Russian forces try to take the town of Sieverodonetsk.  DON'T MISS: Skyrocketing global food prices set to slam Brits [LATEST] 'Dangerous content' Harry issues warning for Archie and Lilibet [REVEALED] Queen delights fans with reaction to Helen Mirren’s performance [REPORT]  He said leaders of the Lugansk People's Republic, the territory in Luhansk controlled by Russian-backed separatists, declared a general mobilisation, adding it was "either fight or get shot, there is no other choice". NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said on Sunday that Russia's offensive in Donbas had stalled and Ukraine could win the war. Since Russia launched its invasion on February 24, its troops have taken heavy losses while blasting cities and towns to rubble, killing thousands and sending more than six million refugees fleeing into neighbouring countries. Russia denies targeting civilians. Finland confirmed on Sunday that it would apply to join the NATO military alliance in a strategic blow to the Kremlin.    Sweden's ruling Social Democrats also backed NATO membership thus paving the way for an application and abandoning decades of military nonalignment. Ukraine's military said on Tuesday it was working to evacuate all the remaining troops from their last stronghold in the besieged port city of Mariupol, ceding control to Russia after months of bombardment. Ukrainian Deputy Defence Minister Anna Malyar said 53 injured troops from the steelworks were taken to a hospital in the Russian-controlled town of Novoazovsk, some 20 miles to the east, while another 211 people were taken to the town of Olenivka, in an area controlled by Russian-backed separatists. She added that all of the evacuees will be subject to a potential prisoner exchange with Russia.      Also on Tuesday, Kyiv said troops defending Kharkiv had repelled Russian forces and advanced as far as the border with Russia. President Zelensky hailed the achievement and thanked the troops. However, Ukraine said the entire front line around Donetsk was under constant shelling. 