Six-time Grand Slam champion Boris Becker would be an ideal fit to become a prison gym instructor, according to Wandsworth Prison's former governor. The German has been sentenced to a 30-month jail term for hiding millions of pounds worth of assets to avoid paying debts. Becker began his induction period at HMP Wandsworth on Friday, not far from his old stomping ground at Wimbledon's Centre Court. He could be held in the induction wing for up to 10 days before being released into the prison's general population. It then typically takes six weeks of good behaviour before inmates can be slid into coveted working roles. The jail's former governor, Jerry Petherick, believes that Becker could be lined up to become the prison's gym instructor. "Gyms are very popular in prisons," he told The Sun, "It’s a job a lot of prisoners want," before adding that prison officers will, however, be wary about showing favouritism towards the fallen tennis icon. DON'T MISS: Emma Raducanu's Ukrainian opponent ends friendship with Russian players - 'I don't get it' Becker was sentenced on Friday after being convicted of hiding £2.5million worth of assets to avoid paying debts. The conviction came two decades after he was charged with tax evasion in Germany, something the judge described as an 'aggravating factor' and claiming that he showed 'no remorse'. The German owed £50m when he was declared bankrupt in 2017, supposedly spending his £38m career winnings on an expensive divorce, child maintenance payments, designer clothes and an eye-watering rented pad in Wimbledon. The Mirror claim that Becker may only serve 10 months and spend the rest of his sentence with an electronic tag, and other reports indicate that he is unlikely to spent his entire sentence at HMP Wandsworth, which is a category B facility. Tennis stars past and present have had to answer tough questions on Becker after his recent conviction, as the German spent years commentating on Wimbledon for the BBC. He won his first Grand Slam title at SW19 as a fresh-faced teenager, going on to win two more on centre court alongside the US Open and two Australian Opens. Novak Djokovic, who was coached by Becker between 2014 and 2016, claimed to be 'heartbroken' by the news, but British tennis star Andy Murray put across a less sympathetic view. "I didn't really feel particularly emotional about it," he admitted, "He broke the law and if you do that, I don't think you should get special treatment because of who you are or what you've achieved. "Again, I feel sorry that he's in that situation, but I also feel sorry for the people that he's affected with his decisions as well and what's happened to them. I hope he's okay and that he learns from his mistakes. But I didn't have a particular emotion about it."