Alex, 38, was flying from Paris to London Gatwick with easyJet, and paid £7 for the airline’s meal deal. He decided to order a bottle of water and roasted vegetable and humous baguette, costing £5, after being drawn in by the menu's images. Images of the snack showed a seeded baguette, filled with dozens of pieces of courgette and red peppers. According to the advertisement, the vegetables lay on hummus and were spread across the entire baguette. However, the Londoner was enraged to find his sandwich had little to no fillings. Alex captured a video showing him opening up the baguette to just a small cluster of veg, showing seven cubes of vegetables have collected at one side of the seeded roll. Alex shared the video on social media, with the caption: “Is this the worst airline food and advertising you’ve ever seen?” He then added: “I then sent the sandwich back, and got me a new one. Is this any better? “A crew member then told me, ‘You know, the food and the picture are not the same’. “We were given three minutes to eat before landing, and never got our water.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Keir ‘undermining peace’ in Northern Ireland Social media users lambasted the easyJet sandwich, with one commenting: "That is a war crime." Speaking to The Sun, Alex said: “I was in disbelief at first. It is the sort of stuff you hear about with airline food. I spoke to the crew and asked for another sandwich. “The flight attendant told me ‘not to be surprised' and that pictures rarely reflect reality. “They gave me another and it was pretty much as bad.” DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Queen warned over Sussexes UK visit Xi containing 'huge alarm' over key US and UK powerplay Ambulances rush to store as 'people collapsing' An easyJet spokesperson said: "We’re aware of this footage and will be looking into this with our in-flight retail supplier as it appears that the item served falls short of the high standards we expect from our inflight food and drink range for our customers. "We will be in touch with the customer to apologise for their experience and provide a gesture of goodwill."