Naomi Judd has died at the age of 76 following a battle with mental illness. Naomi was one half of The Judds, who were inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2021. Naomi’s death was announced by her daughter, actress Ashley Judd, in a heartfelt statement shared on Twitter. The statement read: “Today we sisters experienced a tragedy. `’We lost our beautiful mother to the disease of mental illness. We are shattered. “We are navigating profound grief and know that as we loved her, she was loved by her public. READ MORE: Donny Osmond unveils 'secret' romance - 'Career would've fallen' “We are in unknown territory.” Naomi’s husband Larry Strickland revealed to PEOPLE that the music star had died near Nashville, Tennessee. Larry, who was a backup singer for Elvis Presley, asked for privacy as he and the rest of Naomi’s loved ones, including her eldest daughter, singer Wynonna Judd, mourn her death. "No additional information will be released at this time," the statement read. The Academy of Country Music (ACM) issued a statement announcing it was "deeply saddened by the heartbreaking news this afternoon of Naomi Judd's passing". Fans, friends and industry colleagues of Naomi took to Twitter to pay tribute to the late country star. Country Music Television tweeted: “We're heartbroken to learn about the passing of the legendary Naomi Judd & honored to have shared many unforgettable moments & performances together. “Our hearts go out to her husband Larry, daughters Wynonna & Ashley, & legions of fans around the world during this difficult time.” DON'T MISS...Simon Cowell admits struggle to recognise himself after years of Botox [INSIGHT]Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [ANALYSIS]Ulrika Jonsson says she knows 'how Helen Skelton feels' after split [UPDATE] Author Marianne Williamson said: “Naomi Judd was a lovely woman and I'm very sorry to hear about her passing. May she find peace at last. “My deepest condolences to her daughters. May God bring them comfort in this hour of their agony.” Pamelap37001867 added: “I pray for the family of Naomi that God will give them peace and comfort. “Such a talented family. She will be deeply missed. “Depression is an illness I have suffered with and it is very devastating being in a dark tunnel where there is no light. God bless the Judd family.” Patricklpc wrote: “Goodbye Naomi and thank you. “May God welcome you with open arms and God's magnanimous heart. “May God bring God's face to shine upon Ashley and Wynonna, be gracious to them and bring them peace.”