There has been an understandable desire not to let focus drift at Liverpool in recent weeks, on looking at one game at a time, of staying in the moment. But Trent Alexander-Arnold let the mask slip just a touch ahead of their Champions League semi-final second-leg, voicing excitement about how high this squad could fly in the next four years. And he insists the Liverpool players want to go down in the “history books” this season as they aim at an unprecedented quadruple. Barring a European turnaround of the sort that Liverpool have tended to patent as their own, a third European showpiece final in five years looks theirs for the taking in Villarreal. And for all that the right-back insisted they could be beaten if they are not 100 per cent few will be backing the Spanish side to overhaul a 2-0 first-leg deficit. Yet it is the news of Klopp’s contract extension, giving him four more years, that had the right-back pondering how much of an impression this squad might make on the history books. “Hopefully them extra two years are just as successful as the ones we have had so far,” he said. “I feel it has been an increase in success in every season and this one has been special so far. It gives us that boost that we have four more years of it to come.” Liverpool have already landed the Carabao Cup, are in the FA Cup final against Chelsea and sit a point behind Manchester City in the league. And while Alexander-Arnold insisted no one is taking anything for granted, he claimed the squad were living the moment and loving the pressure. He added: “I feel like we thrive off it. I feel like this is always the best time of the season, every game is a final, pushing on all fronts. These are the exciting games, you want to be playing in these, you want everything on the line. “And I feel the lads feel the same. These are the best times we are going to have as a team, when you are pushing on all three fronts. It is an exciting time. When you are staring down the barrel and looking at more trophies, where if we win every game we are looking at more silverware, that is is what we are looking at. These kinds of games are exciting for us. “I said earlier in the season that we should be winning one trophy a season minimum but that is in a season that isn’t our best. We are in fine form and if we win every game in May now hopefully we have got our hands on a lot more silverware. “This time last year we were trying to fight back into the top four and we are now second in the league a point off City, in the FA Cup final. This is a very special season for us all and hopefully at the end of the season we will be in the history books again.” Klopp conceded his squad were hitting their best form of the season but warned too against complacency at El Madrigal. He added: “We know we are in a good moment. We never expect a Champions League semi-final to be easy, and this one won't be. “You never know if we will ever have a chance to go to the final again, so you'd better treat it carefully and be ready – and we will be." That message has clearly been taken on board. “It is easy to get that complacency of ‘we have got world-class players, world-class staff, world-class manager, this is our third semi-final in five years so we will probably get there again’,” said Alexander-Arnold. “But we don’t know if we are going to get this opportunity. We are in a really good position right now but we have to make the most of it to get to another final.”