   A TV licence currently costs £159 per year but the fee can be paid in a variety of ways. One such way is by having a savings card which Britons pay into, and when any amount is due it will be taken from the balance, ensuring they don’t fall into arrears accidentally.  The savings card is entirely free to apply for and there are no charges to use it, although it does have a £2 minimum payment. The card allows Britons to make deposits into their savings account whenever best suits them financially. Britons can check their balance online and view their last 10 payments. TV Licencing will also send savings card holders statements twice a year. READ MORE: Lloyds and Halifax to close 28 high street branches - full list released  If a savings card holder has put enough aside to pay for their next licence, TV Licencing will automatically renew and send their next licence when their existing licence expires. This essentially guarantees that Britons who save enough will not have to worry about renewing their licence in time or potentially facing fines if they forget to do so. Additionally, if a person has saved more than the cost of a licence, the remaining amount will be put towards the following year’s licence. The savings card is secure, and even if it gets lost or stolen no other person can use it to buy their own TV licence.     Savers can make deposits into their account using their debit or credit card online, at a PayPoint or over the phone. Britons will not need a password or PIN to use their savings card. However, in order to apply for the card one needs to have a valid TV licence already in their possession. Britons can call 0300 555 0281 to apply for the savings card.  Once they have applied they will receive a welcome pack containing their physical savings card. There are multiple ways card holders can check their balance, which includes:  TV Licencing noted, to keep their customers informed of potential fraud, that they will not ask customers to do the following over text: