Amber Heard has returned to the stand today to be directly examined on her testimony as her ex-husband Johnny Depp sues her for defamation. The Aquaman actress claimed in court that she felt Johnny could have accidentally killed her during a physical altercation on their honeymoon - he has denied ever being violent against her. Amber claimed Johnny “strangled and assaulted” her on a countertop, with photos of her bruised temple and scarred arms shown in evidence. She claimed the injuries were from their vodka bottle fight, in which Johnny’s finger was severed by broken glass - with both parties blaming the other for this injury. Amber then told her lawyer about their Orient Express trip on their honeymoon after they wed in 2015. She claimed Johnny held her against the wall of the carriage and squeezed her neck so hard she feared he would accidentally kill her. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby stuns fans as she strips off for selfie after shower “I was clawing at him, trying to get his arms away from my neck,” she claimed to the court. “At one point he ripped the top of my shirt, I remember I had a breast exposed.” She claimed he then ripped his shirt off and tied it around her neck, and that she woke up the next morning with it still tied around her. Johnny denies all allegations of abuse, and is suing Amber for $50million over a 2018 op ed in the Washington Post, in which she claimed to be a survivor of domestic abuse. He claims he was the implied abuser and that it lost him work, including his famous role as Captain Jack Sparrow in the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. Johnny has also accused Amber of abusing him - something she denies. She is counter-suing him for $100m, accusing him of orchestrating a “smear campaign” against her and describing his lawsuit against her as a campaign of “abuse and harassment”. The court saw photographs of Amber on the red carpet at the premiere for her film When I live my life over again on 15 April 2015. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald sobbed in restaurant amid late fiancé's gesture [INSIGHT]Millie Bobby Brown looks unrecognisable at Stranger Things premiere [PICTURES]Michael Douglas' son Cameron made emotional confession on family [CONFESSION] Amber claimed in court that the marks visible on her arms in the film premiere photos shown in evidence were from when Johnny “held me down on the countertops and my arms were cut on the glass in that attack”. “Those are scars that I obtained as Johnny was strangling and assaulting me on a countertop in Australia,” she claimed. A clip of her telling Johnny “you are such a f***ing baby” and agreeing “I did start a physical fight”, which had been used against her during his testimony, was replayed. Amber reacted to the clip, claiming to the court she only ever hit Johnny “reactively” when he “punched” her. She claimed he is “twice the size of her” and that this meant they were not matched in terms of physical strength. As the court was shown a photo of her discoloured temple, she claimed: “It's a picture of my bruised temple, when Johnny had his hand on part of my face with my face down, and he was punching my head, repeatedly punching my head. "That's what caused that bruise.” Johnny has previously testified that he has “never hit a woman”. The trial continues.