The UK has repeatedly warned it is willing to take action to suspend elements of the Northern Ireland Protocol if Brussels does not renegotiate the terms of the deal. Liz Truss reiterated the point in a crunch phone call with European Commission's vice president Maros Sefcovic this morning. Mr Sefcovic warned the Foreign Secretary that the bloc would not table new measures that could ease pressures caused by the Protocol. But despite issuing fresh warnings the UK is prepared to take action, Mr Johnson is holding back in the belief the EU will still yet cave to his demands. Sighting Brussels's previous behaviour, the Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "I think we've seen on a number of occasions the EU has made statements about the Protocol and following subsequent negotiations, there have been concessions made." He added: "We want much more significant changes to the way that the Protocol is currently functioning. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG  "So, we think it's right to keep all options open but things are very serious." The official said no timescale had been placed on when Britain may take action to overrule the controversial elements of the Protocol. The UK suspending the Protocol would put pressure on the EU to impose retaliatory action on UK trade, which would hit consumers on the continent. Prior to talks on Northern Ireland, Britain was also successful in forcing Brussels to cave in discussions on the 2019 withdrawal agreement and the 2020 trade deal after threatening to walk away from the table and cause economic harm to the EU. Mr Johnson reopened negotiations on leaving the EU after Theresa May's agreement failed to win the backing of MPs. He forced a number of changes to the deal from Brussels after vowing to plough on with a "no deal Brexit" if the EU did not agree to a compromise. DON'T MISS:Brexit POLL: Has the Brexit we were promised been delivered? [VOTE]No stopping us now! Boris given legal sign off to rip up Brexit deal [INSIGHT]Jacob Rees-Mogg mocks Brussels tough stance as he predicts EU U-turn [WATCH]  Similarly in talks on a trade deal the UK threatened to manage imports and exports on World Trade Organisation terms if the bloc did not shift on its red lines over matters such as fishing. No10 said talks on the latest fallout between the UK and EU would "continue at an official level over the coming days". Britain is seeking to secure a series of changes to the Protocol which it believes is necessary to make the agreement sustainable in the long run. The international treaty effectively placed a trade barrier through the United Kingdom, with customs checks required on goods travelling across the Irish Sea from Britain. In this morning's call, Ms Truss warned her counterpart "EU proposals would take us backwards, by creating more checks and paperwork".   A spokesperson said: "The Foreign Secretary reiterated that the UK's proposals to fix the Protocol, including green and red channel arrangements, backed up by a bespoke data-sharing system, would ensure the removal of trade barriers between Great Britain and Northern Ireland while protecting the EU single market. "The Foreign Secretary outlined why EU proposals would take us backwards, by creating more checks and paperwork. "Vice President Šefčovič confirmed that there was no room to expand the EU negotiating mandate or introduce new proposals to reduce the overall level of trade friction. "The Foreign Secretary noted this with regret and said the situation in Northern Ireland is a matter of internal peace and security for the United Kingdom, and if the EU would not show the requisite flexibility to help solve those issues, then as a responsible government we would have no choice but to act." 