Tipping Point host Ben Shephard was joined by Tina, Abs and Heather on Monday's instalment of the ITV quiz show. The bubbly and smiley Tina caught Ben's eye as a vision in pink, but it was soon her luck with the machine that kept his attention. The "cool" and relaxed player kept her opponents at arm's length the entire game as the machine seemed to welcome her with open slots and lots of coins.  Heather looked like she could have been trouble for her fellow contestants as she answered the first two questions fastest and threw her teammates into the line of fire by passing her attempts on to them. All three players struggled to wrack up any cash with coins failing to play the way they wanted them to. Tina eventually made the first dent in the machine and bagged £300. Her winning streak didn't end there as she managed to land 17 counters, jumping into the top position with £850. Read More: BBC Breakfast's Eurovision coverage sparks fury with viewers 'Utterly ridiculous'   Her luck didn't end there as the double up coin also fell down the shoot giving her a grand total of £1,700. Spurring her on, it wasn't long before her amount grew to £2,000. Joking that she had lots of "danglers" coins teased the end of the bottom shelf before full down multiple times, solidifying her victorious £3,550 win. Hoping to take home a bigger prize and ensure the jackpot was hers, she revealed that if she won, she would take her "six children" to Bosnia with her to "trace her heritage."  On her successful game, Ben welcomed the hopeful into the last round, stating: "You have been dominating things from the start, Tina." Choosing to place the jackpot coin in dropzone one, by the end of her third round of specialist questions, she took home the £10,000. A delighted Ben said: "Being able to have you here and have you play, you've been magical. Well done, you." Recapping her game, he continued: "Well, the machine was being a bit miserly at the start of today's game until Tina swooped in to snatch a massive 17 counters with the double to race into a huge lead. DON’T MISS…'Unforgettable' Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell on show[LATEST]Vera bosses give Brenda Blethyn fans disappointing update on series [LATEST]'Disrespectful!' Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration viewers slam Tom Cruise interview  [LATEST]  "Try as they might, her opponents couldn't even get close. Tina's place in the final was inevitable." He added: "She got the jackpot counter into the perfect spot in drop zone one." Fans of the show banded behind her and Robin Chapman said: "Aaaw, Tina was really nice. Lovely manners (esp the "if you don't mind"), bubbly & appreciative. @TippingPointITV." (sic) "So nice people do come first. #tippingpoint," Kublai Khan added.   @janmatthews commented: "I liked Tina very much, and I'm so glad she won. There's nothing like heading off to visit your ancestral country. #tippingpoint." @GabsBuzz asked: "Tina, could you please throw some numbers my way for the Euro Millions?!!! #tippingpoint." Watching it back contestant Heather Marie joked: "In case you were watching and wondering… #StillLivid #TippingPoint." Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.