Mariupol has endured months of constant bombardment, laying waste to the city's infrastructure. Ukraine says tens of thousands of people have been killed since the onslaught began.   On Tuesday, Ukraine's military forces said they were evacuating all troops still in the Black Sea port city from their final stronghold at the Azovstal steelworks, leaving Vladimir Putin's forces in control of the area. While this marks the most significant defeat for Ukrainian forces so far in the war, those who held out throughout the months since February have been lauded as "heroes".  The General Staff of Ukraine's Armed Forces said the garrison stationed in the city "has fulfilled its combat mission". In a statement, they described how the "supreme military command ordered the commanders of the units stationed at Azovstal to save the lives of the personnel".  In a tribute to those wounded and fighting for the city, the statement added: "Defenders of Mariupol are the heroes of our time." The statement continued: "Maintaining their positions at Azovstal, they did not allow the opponent to shift the grouping of up to 17 battalion tactical groups (about 20,000 personnel) to other directions. "Thereby hindered the implementation of the plan for the rapid capture of Zaporizhzhia." Many of those evacuated from Mariupol since the bombardment began have since travelled to Zaporizhzhia. READ MORE: US tests missile after Kremlin claims Satan II 'can destroy UK'  Hanna Maliar, deputy Ukrainian defence minister, said that injured fighters evacuated from the Azovstal steelworks in Mariupol after a deal was agreed for their rescue. They had been trapped in the building for a number of months, and were taken for medical treatment in Russian-held towns nearby. She said 53 soldiers from the Mariupol steelworks had arrived in Novoazvosk, a Russian-controlled town 20 miles east of Mariupol. A further 211 people were taken to Olenivka, where Russian-supported separatists controlled the area. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: 'Seriously ill' Putin exposed by former British spy [LIVE] Putin's troops 'target hospital' and 'increase shelling on homes' [REPORT] Putin's 'Satan 2' hypersonic nuclear missile MAPPED [MAP]  All may be part of a prisoner exchange with Russian forces. In a late-night video address, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: "We hope that we will be able to save the lives of our guys," He added: "There are severely wounded ones among them. They're receiving care. "Ukraine needs Ukrainian heroes alive." Five buses leaving the steelworks arrived in Novoazovsk late on Monday night, according to Reuters. Stretchers of fighters were stacked on top of one another, ferried to the Russian-controlled area in a military convoy marked with the pro-Russian 'Z' symbol. It is not yet known how many people are still trapped in the underground bunkers of the steelworks complex.