Gogglebox star Tom Malone Jr., part of the legendary Malone family on the show, has revealed a surprising fact about life for the stars while they film. He was answering questions on social media, having quit the show last year. In view of his 321k followers on Instagram, Tom was asked if he stayed in touch with anyone else from the show. His response surprised a lot of fans - making the revelation that families on Gogglebox never mingle with each other. "Do you stay in touch with anyone from Gogglebox other than your family?" asked one of his followers. Tom replied: "So the weird thing with Gogglebox is, if you’re on the show, you’re not allowed to meet up with anyone else that is on the show – unless it’s like an awards show you’re invited to or something.” READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning He continued: “But I still speak to a few people on social media and I still speak to all the crew and stuff – and see my mum and dad sometimes.” Another fan asked Tom: “How many random people ask you how Dave the dog is?!" There were referring to the adorable Rottweiler who often steals the show when he makes cameos with Tom’s family. “Honestly, it’s pretty much every single person that stops me,” replied Tom. “It’s mad. It really is Dave’s world and we’re just living in it.” Tom Jr. made headlines last year when he decided to quit the show, leaving his dad Tom Sr, mum Julie and brother Shaun behind. He announced the news as he shared a photo of himself holding up a cardboard sign which read: “Back on the market. “Get at me with any TV work.” Alongside the snap, he penned: “So after 6 and a half years it’s finally time to put down the remote, and to say goodbye to Gogglebox. "I've loved every minute and I’m eternally grateful to @channel4 and @studiolambert for allowing me to be a part of the show. “But new opportunities are knocking on the door and it’s time to explore them." He continued: "I look forward to enjoying the show as a viewer and not having to worry about having said something stupid [laughing emoji].” Tom’s exciting projects since then have seen him become a choreographer as well as going viral on TikTok with his epic dance routines. He is a member of a dance troupe that has performed with the likes of the Black Eyed Peas, and he also took part in E4’s The Real Dirty Dancing. Tom Jr. has also been loved up with his model girlfriend Bryony Briscoe, with the couple sharing a home together. But Bryony never appeared on Gogglebox, with Tom putting it down to “contracts”.