Chelsea star Christian Pulisic has been told West Ham would be a "very good fit" if he were to leave Stamford Bridge this summer but he wouldn't get a game at Arsenal. Former Hammers goalkeeper Shaka Hislop believes his old club would suit Pulisic at this point in his career. The USA star's father Mark posted a now-deleted tweet at the weekend, outlining his and his son's frustrations at his lack of game time at Chelsea. Pulisic has struggled to be a regular under Thomas Tuchel since returning from the most-recent international break. The winger's future was a topic of discussion on ESPN FC on Monday. Former Chelsea midfielder Craig Burley suggested the 23-year-old needs to take a step down in order to get regular game time, and claimed the London Stadium could be a good destination. Burley said: "I believe a club like for example a West Ham, a team just sitting around [the European places]. It is a step down but it's a step down to I think getting regular game time, whether that's in England or Spain or Germany or wherever. READ MORE: Roy Keane's worrying Cristiano Ronaldo observation after Man Utd beat Brentford  "If he continues to try and go to clubs that are what I would call elite level, really going for the big trophies and all the big trophies, I think he's always going to be a little bit of an in and out player. I just feel he's going to need to take a drop down, a little bit, not a lot, and get regular game time." In response to Burley's verdict, Hislop stated his view that West Ham and Pulisic could be a perfect match. He replied: "That step down to another club, a smaller club, Craig mentions my former club West Ham, which I think would be a great fit for him, might be exactly what he needs if is to be playing, if he wants to start and start regularly. "I think that would be a very good fit and a very good fit for him both in terms of where he is as a player and the type of football that West Ham play." Pulisic joined Chelsea from Borussia Dortmund in 2019 for a fee of around £57million. But despite the hefty fee he attracted three years ago, Burley does not think Pulisic would have a better chance of regular game time at Arsenal than he is currently getting at the Blues. Arsenal have been out of the Champions League for five years but could return to the competition next season. DON'T MISSMan Utd’s asking price for Cristiano Ronaldo is far too low ahead of Erik ten Hag arrival [OPINION]Cristiano Ronaldo drops Man Utd transfer hint with three-word message to TV camera [REACTION]Real Madrid’s unstoppable XI if Ronaldo returns, Mbappe joins and two others arrive [OPINION]  Burley added: "I'd want to go somewhere where I'd know I was playing. You can even go down to the likes of Arsenal. "Even if you go in there - [Gabriel] Martinelli, [Emile] Smith Rowe, [Nicolas] Pepe who's not been good, [Bukayo] Saka. You've still got to get these guys out of the team. "It is not easy and that is a team that has been a way off for a long time." The pundits were reacting to comments from Mark Pulisic who has since deleted his tweet. He wrote about his son: "The sad thing is he loves this club, teammates, and London. Puts his heart and soul into being a pro. Onwards and upwards my boy… big six months ahead."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here