The Nottingham Forest fan that headbutted Sheffield United striker Billy Sharp has been branded a “coward” by Ally McCoist. Following Forest’s penalty shoot-out win over Sheffield United, which put them into the Championship play-off final with Huddersfield Town, fans stormed the pitch to celebrate but the Sheffield United captain was knocked to the floor by one fan. Nottingham Police have confirmed the arrest of a 31-year-old man following the assault, which came after Brice Samba’s heroics as he saved three Sheffield United penalties to send his side to Wembley. McCoist told talkSPORT: “It’s as cowardly an act as I have seen at a football ground maybe ever. Billy Sharp is looking disappointed at how things are going, and some idiot, absolute idiot comes from his blindside and puts a head on him, gives him stitches. “It is an absolute disgrace, do you know who the guy is? He is a coward. That’s what he is. It’s the worst thing you can call any man, believe me. The worst thing you can call a man is a coward and that’s exactly what he is. Coming in on Billy Sharp’s blindside, didn’t see him, no chance to protect himself. “It was absolutely shocking and it took the gloss off. I don’t care what anyone says I’m delighted for Forest, Steve Cooper has done a wonderful job let’s not get away from it and I’m looking forward to the game against Huddersfield so congratulations, but I am telling you that has taken the shine off that Forest result, no doubt about it. Scandalous.” Sharp did not feature in the match due to injury but was watching on from the sidelines following an exciting night of Championship play-off drama before he was headbutted, as the footage was captured by television footage. The striker later released a statement on social media: "One mindless idiot ruined what was an unbelievable night of football. Congratulations to Nottingham Forest on their victory and good luck in the final. "As an ex-Forest player, I will not let one scumbag ruin my respect for the Forest fans. Incredibly proud to be captain of this group of Sheffield United players, they gave their all and can hold their heads up high. We will be back and go again. Thanks for all your messages and support after the incident. Billy." McCoist, speaking to Gabby Agbonlahor and Laura Woods, added: “When I was fortunate enough to score against Celtic for example, the first thing I wanted to do was get back to my own fans and celebrate with the Rangers fans, because Celtic fans don’t want to see you celebrate and I get that. “Just go and enjoy the occasion with your own fans and celebrate, that’s what you should do. Never mind there's no place for it, that is a jailable offence.”