Liverpool and Manchester City and not expected to submit bids for Chelsea star Mason Mount this summer, despite admiration from Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola. That is not to say that other clubs may not try their luck, however, with the Blues fearful that their state of financial paralysis could allow someone to swoop before they have locked down his future. Klopp and Guardiola are both believed to be big fans of Mount, who is enjoying another productive season. An impressive haul of 19 goal contributions in 29 Premier League games is the best he has managed in a Chelsea shirt, and his reputation at the top-level continues to grow. He is still one of the Blues' lowest earners, however, on a reported £70,000-a-week until 2024. Under the terms and circumstances of their current ownership fiasco, Chelsea are unable to offer Mount, or indeed any other player, a new deal. The Sun claim that their awkward financial position has sparked massive fears that the 23-year-old could be lured away from Stamford Bridge by a lucrative contract offer. JUST IN: Erling Haaland to Man City transfer 'guaranteed' after Pep Guardiola 'agrees new contract' Despite that, City and Liverpool are not believed to be in a position to make a concrete approach for Mount this summer. Both clubs are well-stocked in attacking midfield and out wide, while Chelsea would naturally be hesitant to do business that would strengthen one of their Premier League rivals. The Blues will hope to secure Mount's future to west London before their awkward situation gives others the chance to make a move. Time is therefore of the essence when it comes to their imminent takeover. DON'T MISS...Man Utd scouts watch Feyenoord defender with Ten Hag eager to make bidLiverpool player ratings vs Newcastle: Milner and usual suspect shineTottenham boss Conte labels Kane demand 'impossible' as Arsenal war looms /sport/football/1603747/man-city-news-pep-guardiola-erling-haaland-borussia-dortmund Roman Abramovich, who bought the club in 2003, was sanctioned by the UK government in March for alleged ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Sir Jim Ratcliffe submitted a late bid to succeed the billionaire Oligarch, but a consortium headed by Todd Boehly has reportedly been chosen as the preferred bidder. Culture secretary Nadine Dorries has attempted to speed up the process by declaring that Chelsea are on 'borrowed time'. Manager Thomas Tuchel and his squad will also be keen for those behind the scenes to get a move on so that they can put plans in place for the summer. Whatever happens, letting go of Mount will not be high on the German's list of priorities. Last year, he described the England international as 'the full package', adding: "The most important part is his character, he has his feet on the ground and he's a nice guy. "He comes to Cobham every day to learn something new and have new experiences. He is the guy who can recover very fast, he's a very physical player and is fully adapted to Premier League football. He has big self confidence in a very, very positive way. It's a pleasure to have him, be at his side and guide him and support him."