Gwen Bednall was travelling along a main road in Derby on Saturday, April 23, at around 11am, with her son in the passenger seat. She said she saw an ambulance approaching from behind with its sirens on heading towards the city centre. Gwen moved into the bus lane as she approached a set of traffic lights but saw the lane was blocked after the bus lane ended, with cars wanting to turn left. As she saw no buses were coming, she moved into the last few metres of the bus lane to leave the right-hand lane free. She was left shocked when her actions led her to receive a £30 fine for the incident. Gwen, who has been a nurse for over 20 years and works at the Royal Derby Hospital, said: “I can remember it exactly, because I knew I did it. READ MORE: Older drivers slam 'crazy' proposals to introduce maximum driving age “I did it for a reason and I knew why I had done it. It was going fast and had its blue lights on, so I didn't think. “I thought they would let me off as I thought it was so clear, what I had done.” She said she was told the ambulance should have gone in the bus lane, but said if she stayed where she was, both lanes would have been blocked. She added that she could see five or six cars waiting to turn, so thought to move to the left lane to free up the right lane going towards the city centre. DON'T MISSSwitch to EVs is 'happening now' - drivers ditch petrol and diesel [INSIGHT]Shocked driver finds secret second use for car grab handle [SHOCKING]'Disgrace' NHS staff forced to pay for parking while MPs park for free [DISGRACE] Gwen was travelling from her father’s house back to her home and was caught just a few metres from the end of the bus lane, which is next to a single lane of traffic. The nurse thought she would be exempted as her priority was to let the ambulance continue, especially with no buses coming. She continued saying: “What you can't see from the camera is what was ahead of me and I could see all the cars blocking the way, so thought it made sense for me to clear my lane for the ambulance. "It just seems like a bit of a jobsworth who isn't taking anything into consideration. “I think I made the most sensible decision and the process is very blinkered. It's almost like 'bus lane, that's it'. "Everyone has said it's ridiculous. The ambulance wasn't making any attempt to go into the bus lane, it was obvious it wanted to go into town and could likely see what I could see. But the camera doesn't pick that up. "I'd still do it again in the future. You'd let an ambulance past, wouldn't you? Or any emergency vehicle." Gwen received the fine on April 28 and challenged the fine, but was told on May 4, that the ambulance should have used the bus lane and gone around her. But the 46-year-old said that although the fine was reduced to £30 if she paid within 14 days, she felt the principle was wrong and that she would do the same again in future. The next day, however, Derby City Council reached out to Gwen to say the ticket had been waived, despite having earlier rejected her explanation. A spokesperson for the Council told Derbyshire Live: “The Council cannot comment on individual cases. The footage for each case is reviewed individually and provides context for a Civil Enforcement Officer to understand the circumstances the driver was faced with. “Based on this review, the Civil Enforcement Office will make a decision whether or not an infringement has occurred. “Anyone who believes they shouldn’t have received a Penalty Charge Notice can make an informal challenge in writing. Details of how to appeal are included with the Penalty Charge Notice correspondence and on the Council’s website. “Emergency vehicles are exempt from traffic restrictions when wholly engaged in an emergency and drivers are informed of this in their driver training.”