Anti-ageing skincare methods often focus solely on the face, but what about the parts of the body that reveal age far quicker? Health coach, Gua sha and facial yoga practitioner Victoria Adams spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how to stop the hands and neck from giving away our age. Victoria began: "For starters, the hands and neck are on display all the time. "We look at face care and skincare, but think about how much we're using the hands." And this is alarmingly true; while the face is typically always exposed, it is the hands that are making cooking, lifting, not to mention doing laundry and washing dishes. Therefore, while a face may look younger, the hands can often give the game away. READ MORE: 'Beatuty on ice': Harness the power of ice tech to look younger now Indeed, Victoria explained: "Our hands, they go through so much more wear and tear than our faces. "And our hands are exposed to more environmental aggressors like the sun, pollution, bacteria, irritants from cooking and cleaning, excessively hot water or just other general debris." To combat this, she suggested: "If you've got a skincare routine when you're doing the skincare on your face, make sure you do the neck." Rather than wiping the rest on a towel, "just put any excess on the hands - that's better than nothing". This is particularly essential as part of your nighttime routine, according to the expert, as this is prime time for the hands to absorb any products. Want to take this one step further? Pop on a pair of white cotton gloves to lock in the moisture. As for the daytime, the hand are often forgotten when it comes to sun care, but as Victoria explained, the hands are exposed more to the elements than most - or all - other parts of the body. "I would buy the highest protective factor you can, especially for the thin on the back of the hands. "When you're younger you think you know you want the bare minimum because you want to get a nice tan, but you'll be glad you put on the Factor 50. "That tan that lasts for a couple of weeks is nothing in comparison to the youthful - hopefully - skin that you'll have lasting for a lifetime." Victoria's final tip for an ageless neck and hands was to use massage techniques on these parts of the body. Previously describing facial massage as an explosive anti-ageing trend, she suggested that women try it on not just on their faces. "This can be very beneficial for getting the blood flowing - get those nutrients to where they need to go to help minimise the signs of ageing, minimise hyperpigmentation, dark spots, fine lines and wrinkles." She continued: "Putting the right skincare on your hands - just like with the face - will help accelerate the production of collagen and elastin which helps keep skin."This aims to train the face to "ping back to where it began". As for her favourite products, Victoria swears by Pestle & Mortar's Vitamin C 2 Phase Serum, putting an extra few drops on her hands.