Police were called to Brixton Hill in Lambeth on Thursday (May 12) following reports of a gun being fired at 7.15pm. Officers at the scene found a victim in their late teens with a gunshot wound. The teenager was rushed to hospital where his condition has been assessed as not life-threatening, according to the Metropolitan Police. No arrests have been made so far. A statement issued by the Met Police said: “Police were called at about 19:15hrs on Thursday, 12 May to reports of a firearm discharge on Brixton Hill, SW2. “Officers attended and found a man, believed to be aged in his late teens, suffering from a gunshot injury. “He was taken to hospital by the London Ambulance Service where his condition was assessed as not life-threatening. “There have been no arrests and enquiries continue.” Witnesses claim that three men in balaclavas were seen running from the scene of the shooting in Lambeth.  One of the men reportedly had a “big, double-barrel shotgun” under his jacket. Another witness said they saw a car crash on Acre Lane near Lambeth Town Hall before the shooting. The witness claimed they saw a number of people getting out of the vehicle before multiple shots were fired from a handgun. One witness who had been passing on a bus told MyLondon: “The bus stopped and we then saw this big silver 4x4 crash and there were these guys running out of it, then we heard six gunshots and a guy with a rifle ran by the bus. It’s the first time I’ve ever experienced something like that. “The reactions that people had on the bus were pretty interesting, though, we were ducked down, some crying and shaking.” Pictures from the scene show an abandoned and damaged 4x4 vehicle alongside a moped or motorbike on its side.  Another witness claimed they saw the bike’s driver’s arm “covered in blood”. The teenager was reportedly riding a red moped with L plates when he was knocked off by a silver Land Road discovery and shot, according to witnesses. One witness, who chose to remain anonymous, said they saw three men running down the road, one with a gun. The witness said: "We just saw three men running down the road, there was one guy with a gun - there was three of them. "They all had balaclava masks. One of them had a big gun under his jacket. He was at the back and had the gun hidden. It was a double-barrel shotgun, a big gun. The first one was looking back to make sure they were following. They ran towards Brixton station.” After gunshots were heard, the witness claims people took cover.  They said: “These two old ladies with a baby started screaming 'I do not want my baby around this', so we ran and hid in a pub around the corner. The owner of the pub asked 'do I need to close the pub?'.” Police appeared to have cleared the crime scene by Friday morning. Pictures from the scene showed the cordons had been removed outside the Civic Centre on Brixton Hill. Anyone with information is asked to call police via 101 quoting reference CAD 6825/12May. To remain anonymous contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. 