Manchester United are adopting a ‘disciplined’ approach to summer signings despite the need to bolster their ranks under Erik ten Hag, according to reports. The club could lose as many as 10 players when the transfer window reopens. Yet they currently have two priorities as the end of the campaign creeps closer. Manchester United have endured a wretched season, with the club struggling for form under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And Ten Hag will be their new manager, having agreed to leave Ajax for Old Trafford after nearly five full years in Amsterdam. Now, when it comes to summer signings, the Daily Mail say United are determined to be ‘disciplined’ with their spending. Up to 10 stars may quit the club, with the likes of Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata and Nemanja Matic among them. But, despite that, United are set to adopt a cautious approach as they look to give Ten Hag the foundations to be successful. While United want to be strict with the way they spend their money, however, Ten Hag does apparently have two priority signings in mind. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings He wants to land a new central midfielder, which appears to be the club's No 1 aim. Pogba is likely to leave despite having an offer of a new contract on the table, with the France international wanted by the likes of Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain. And Matic has already confirmed he’ll be on the move, with Jose Mourinho eyeing a reunion with the Serbia international at Rangers. Frenkie de Jong is one midfield target for United at a time where Barcelona are looking to balance their finances. But United have apparently told the Catalan outfit they won’t be breaking the bank for the Netherlands international, who previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Ruben Neves of Wolves, as well as West Ham’s Declan Rice and Leeds’ Kalvin Phillips, are also players to have been linked in recent weeks. And United’s second priority is a striker to replace Cavani, who will become a free agent this summer. Darwin Nunez, having sparkled for Benfica, is on their radar. But who United end up signing remains to be seen, with the club hoping to reel in the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. Meanwhile, as Ten Hag prepares to take over, Jaap Stam has backed the Dutchman to turn the club around. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “At the moment they’re struggling,” said the former defender, who won the treble with the Red Devils in 1999. “You feel that – and that’s me being in Holland the majority of the time – everybody around the world is talking about United, how they’re playing and what they’re doing and that they want to have success. “Erik has been doing well in Holland and everybody knows that as well. That’s why he got the job at United of course. “We also need to understand that in the league in Holland the quality of the majority of teams is a lot less than how Ajax is but still you need to produce, so that’s still a very good thing that he’s done. “Now he’s been given the chance to try to do the same at United and hopefully he can do. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “But he understands, and he knows as well, that the Premier League is totally different – the people, the press, the expectations, the pressure – to how it was in Holland. “For him that’s going to be a learning curve but it’s very important that the club and the owners are backing him up in terms of personnel. “United have got good players. "Yeah, some of them might need to go but they need to bring in several other players as well, so they can get unity within that squad, play in a certain way. “The philosophy in how he wants to play is of course very important. That’s why they chose Erik. Hopefully he can show that.”