We Hunt Together star Hermione Corfield has reprised her role as femme fatale Freddy Lane for the second outing of the cat and mouse crime thriller. In this series, Freddy embraces the notoriety she gained claiming to be an innocent bystander to Baba Lenga's (Dipo Ola) murder spree. Ahead of the drama landing on screens, Hermione revealed what it was like for "the hunter to become the hunted".  The 28-year-old actress opened up to Express.co.uk and other publications about Freddy's newfound "celebrity status". Hermione explained: "The nice thing about this series is that Freddy has the opportunity to turn into kind of an influencer. "She dominates every single domain she is in and she is going to play around with this one until she is bored. "So Freddy is someone who has to have as much power in every single situation she is in, whether that is humour, whether that’s through violence, that is her single motivation." READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money While navigating her character's fame, she also thought Freddy was "almost colder" in series one. She said: "In series two she is a little bit lost in the beginning as she has lost the person who makes her feel alive and she is searching for some kind of meaning. "I think what [writer] Gaby Hull does so well in the second series is the huntress becomes the hunted and that makes the series so tense. "In the first series, Freddy is a little out of control and I think that is one of the great things about the series.   "There are moments when she is in control and playing the game and there are moments where she is simply a pawn in someone else’s game. "And that is what makes it interesting, there is a constant infatuation between those two things." While there is great darkness surrounding the series, the actress said the writer Gaby has made sure there is constant humour weaved into scenes. "Freddy is constantly treading the line of taking control of the situation and finding herself," Hermione explained. DON'T MISS...Reacher season 2: Showrunner teases character returns [INSIGHT]Ten Percent star addresses fears over fan reaction to UK series [UPDATE]Maggie Steed, 75, in horror after agent told her to ‘get eyes done' [LATEST]  Fans will remember former child soldier Baba rescued Freddy from a sexual assault in the first series. Detectives Lola Franks (Eve Myles) and Jackson Mendy (Babou Ceesay) investigated the murder of the duo's first victim but they go on to kill again. A teaser for the new series revealed Freddy goes on the hunt for a new crime partner to appease the darkness inside her. When the body count racks up, the detectives realise a new "dangerous game of lust, obsession and murder has begun".  Opening up on her appearance for the new season, Hermione explained her character wore a range of wigs and make-up looks. "It’s like a celebrity status thing where she thinks she is so famous now that she can’t go outside without wearing a wig." "I think that is slightly deluded," the actress joked while reflecting on Freddy's bold looks. We Hunt Together season two lands on Alibi on Thursday, May 5.