Labour pulled off a historic victory in Westminster, a council been run by Tories since its creation in 1964. Wandsworth, Barnet and West Oxfordshire District are also among the councils recording a significant Labour shift. In light of Conservative poor results, Carlisle City Council leader John Mallinson said the issue is “not only partygate” but the Prime Minister’s overall “integrity”. He warned Britons are losing “confidence” in Boris Johnson as he suggested the Prime Minister should now consider his position in Number 10. Mr Mallinson said: “It is partygate. But it is not only partygate. “There is the integrity issue. “Basically I just don’t feel people any longer have the confidence that the Prime Minister can be relied upon to tell the truth”. He continued: "I think he should consider his position now "(Johnson) must shoulder a lot of the blame. I have been canvassing in rural areas over the last few weeks and it’s been the one issue that people have brought up time and time again.  (Johnson) must shoulder a lot of the blame. I have been canvassing in rural areas over the last few weeks and it’s been the one issue that people have brought up time and time again. Partygate, the cost of living crisis, the feel that the government were not in touch ... and sadly I have to say the prime minister cannot be relied upon to necessarily to be telling the truth. I call upon them to do what they think is right.” "Partygate, the cost of living crisis, the feel that the government were not in touch ... and sadly I have to say the prime minister cannot be relied upon to necessarily to be telling the truth. "I call upon them to do what they think is right.” Conservative MP Robert Jenrick also commented on the results and said: “Well people are unfortunately turning away from the Conservative Party because we are midterm. “And people want to make it an understandable protest vote in the usual way. READ MORE: Priti Patel's migration plan set for remarkable results says new study “They seem to be going to Greens, to Independents, sometimes to Liberal Democrats. “Less so to the Labour Party. “Particularly out of London”. DON'T MISS: Boris issues stark local election warning after Brits cast verdict [WATCH]Tourist causes hysterics after calling London Underground 'confusing' [LISTEN]Audience member slams comments on cost of living crisis [INSIGHT] In light of Lib Dems’s victory in Hull and good results recorded in Wimbledon and Cheadle, Liberal Democrat MP Sir Ed Davey commented: “It was really interesting the results in places like Wimbledon and Cheadle and elsewhere. “We were winning seats where we need to win seats the next general election. “So it was a great time for those counsellors”. Following the losses recorded by the Conservative Party, local Conservative leaders call upon Boris Johnson to “take a good, strong look in the mirror” as they believed partygate and the Conservative Party's response to the cost of living crisis played a major role in the poor results recorded in the elections.