Queen Elizabeth will celebrate her Platinum Jubilee in Windsor next week, where she has been spending much of her time over the last year. Despite moving to Buckingham Palace to raise a family when she became monarch in 1952, the Queen’s primary residence is Windsor Castle. The Queen has many properties all over the UK, and, in total, they are estimated to be worth a whopping £3.7billion, according to a new study. This impressive figure is because some of the residences have increased in value over the years. Windsor Castle has seen the biggest rise since 2019 – increasing £133million in value. This is a 23 percent increase, which means that the property is now worth a huge £580million, according to a study undertaken by retirement property experts McCarthy Stone. READ MORE: TUI holiday travel warning as it cancels all holidays to Sri Lanka Interestingly, the average property cost in the Windsor area is £538,057, which is a lot less than Windsor Castle itself. Meanwhile, renting Windsor Castle would set you back a massive £1.7million a month. Although average house prices in the area are far from £1million, the average UK wage in Windsor – after tax – is only £24,580. The royals seem to be the wealthiest family in the area. DON'T MISS: Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free [REVEALED]Why you should 'check your passport' if it was issued before 2018 [EXPLAINER]Seven foot SHARK spotted swimming near beach off Ibiza coast [PICTURES] So, what does Windsor Castle look like inside? Located just an hour’s drive away from Buckingham Palace, Windsor Castle is the largest occupied castle in the world, with around 1,000 rooms and 484,000 square feet of space. Its rooms are luxurious and regal, with brightly coloured walls, original fireplaces, and historic artwork. The dining room features an intricately carved ceiling, which was restored after a fire damaged parts of the property in 1992. The State Dining Room is decorated with red carpets and drapes, with a white marble fireplace. Candelabras are everywhere, as well as huge gold-framed paintings. Other rooms in the castle include the Crimson Drawing Room, the Green Drawing Room, the White Drawing Room, and St. George’s Hall. The Crimson Drawing Room is where the family usually palace a 15-foot Christmas tree each year. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The White Drawing Room is used for family events, and many photographs have been taken there, as well as in the Green Drawing Room. The former was where Prince Charles, Princess Diana, and their sons were pictured at William’s confirmation in March 1997. Meanwhile, the latter room was where the official christening photos of Prince Harry were taken, as well as Archie’s christening photos decades later. The castle’s rooms make for an iconic backdrop for all kinds of royal events and occasions.