Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has held his first press conference at the club. The Dutchman is being unveiled today following his arrival from Ajax. And he'll be hoping to steer the club onto the right track again following a dire season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Ten Hag has agreed to leave Ajax in order to work at United, having spent nearly five years in Amsterdam. And he’s now revealed that, after holding meetings with Red Devils chiefs, he possesses a ‘good feeling’ about the task in hand at Old Trafford. “The confidence is that I have a good feeling with the people around,” he said. “I have a good feeling from the meetings. “We have a plan and now it's about getting the plan done." Ten Hag also welcome journalists in the room, insisting he’s ‘really excited’ to get started at Old Trafford. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings "Today I'm happy to meet you all and I'm really excited to be here,” he said. “It was a really warm welcome here at the club. I'm looking forward to working with you all. “This is my home and I want to achieve success." In the meetings Ten Hag held, transfers were discussed. But the Dutchman, when quizzed on the matter, kept his cards close to his chest about needing reinforcements to reel in the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “I just said, I'm still in the process of analysing,” he said when asked if the Red Devils require new players. “I’m looking forward to working with these players. “The season before, this squad was second in the Premier League and there's huge potential." On challenging for the Premier League title, he then added: "I don't think about that at this moment. I'm thinking that this is a project and it takes time. “We want to win every game. We go from game to game and then we'll see." THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ten Hag feels the Premier League is ‘fantastic’ as well and opened up on Ralf Rangnick’s role as a consultant. "It's fantastic. I've already met big coaches and big teams in the Premier League and I know how to deal with that,” he said. “But it's clear, the Premier League is the biggest league in the world I think and I'm looking forward to battling with them." He added: “It's part of my analysis. I analyse by myself, I observe, I speak to a lot of people, but finally, I'll draw my own line. “That is on the club [Rangnick's consultancy]."