Bleach is an incredibly strong cleaning solution which can be very effective when used correctly. Whether homeowners are looking to blitz their toilet or make their tile grout sparkle, there are many great uses for this pungent liquid - but where should you avoid using it? From the bathroom to the kitchen, these are the six household surfaces you should never clean with bleach. Trinity Owhe, design expert at Victoria Plumbing told Express.co.uk that bleach should never be used on wooden surfaces as it can “weaken the structure”. She said: “Wood is a porous material and so using bleach as a cleaning agent could potentially cause more harm than good. “Any finishes applied to wooden panels or shelves can be broken down by bleach, allowing it into the wood's pores. “This could result in the wood warping or even staining whilst also weakening the structural integrity of the material.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to get rid of ants in homes - ‘easiest way’ This is a problem for those who have a wooden shelf that's holding up pots and pans or bathroom accessories, as well as disruptive to the aesthetics of your bathroom or kitchen. Homeowners should ensure they use products on their wooden items and surfaces that are specifically designed for them. These products will protect and nourish your wood. Bleach is also not effective at killing mould spores which can discolour wooden surfaces even though it will lighten them, giving you the illusion that you have killed the mould off. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks [INSIGHT]Lawn care: How to improve the appearance of grass - ‘inexpensive’ [EXPERT]Lawn task you should ‘never’ do - ‘complete waste of time, energy a... [TIPS] Similar to wood, natural stones like granite and marble which are often used for bathroom vanity and kitchen countertops have “porous surfaces” so it is therefore advised to not use bleach on them. Trinity explained: “Any corrosive cleaning agents like lemon juice, vinegar and bleach can corrode natural stone. “Bleach in particular has the ability to break down any sealants applied to your stone countertops and potentially make its way into the pores of the material. “As a result, your natural stone countertops will become dull and in some cases even stained or scuffed.” While bleach should never be used on wooden and natural stone countertops, it should also be avoided when cleaning areas food will be prepared on. The expert said: “Outside of the specific materials that bleach can damage, using bleach as a cleaning agent on any kitchen counters, especially the ones you prepare food on isn’t the best idea. “Bleach is highly poisonous if ingested. “When preparing food on kitchen counters it's possible that any remaining bleach residue from cleaning could contaminate your food.” Bleach should also be avoided when cleaning metal surfaces due to its corroding effects. Trinity explained: “Metals, especially those like copper, are already prone to discolouration through corrosion and oxidation. “Using bleach to clean the surfaces of a metal bath will inevitably speed up that process. “Furthermore, the application of bleach to tackle rust build up will only increase the rust’s resistance, making it harder to remove even with actual rust removal products.”