Ben Shephard welcomed three hopeful quizzers onto Tipping Point’s final instalment of the week with contestant James making it through to the final. Despite an impressive performance throughout the show, ITV presenter Ben couldn’t resist teasing the player when he struggled with the final batch of general knowledge questions. In the second round, James appeared to secure his spot in the final with a whopping drop. With four counters, he accumulated £1,550 from the Tipping Point machine. This included £600 from one drop alongside the double counter. Contestants Rose and Anj battled it out to join him in the third round with the latter narrowly beating her component. Read more: Tipping Point player frustrated by ‘nasty’ move ‘How could it do that' James continued his winning streak and secured his spot in the final with £2,400. The contestant answered his first question incorrectly but won three counters for the machine with the second. Luckily, James was able to move the jackpot counter onto the second shelf. However, he soon came unstuck in the final and struggled to answer the final questions correctly. After getting the next two questions wrong, the Tipping Point host mocked the finalist. “We’re still in really good shape,” he began. “You’re sticking to your three counters. “I wouldn’t say necessarily it’s working we’re getting questions right…” “But when we’re getting there,” James interjected and Ben finished: “When we’re getting there it’s brilliant.” DON'T MISSBen Shephard gutted over Tipping Point player's final move [INSIGHT]Tipping Point viewers take to social media in anger over drop zone [VIDEO]Ben Shephard stunned by player's lucky performance on Tipping Point [INSIGHT] Despite the jibe, James opted to play for three counters again for his next question and luckily answered correctly. With £3,850 in his prize pot and the jackpot counter on the edge of the second shelf, James decided not to risk trading in his winnings for three last attempts at the machine. “This is the bit I was dreading,” the Tipping Point contestant confessed. “It is so close to the edge but I feel some of the counters on the top and bottom are a bit sparse. “If there were a few more there I would probably go for it but especially with how that last round has gone and the three counters there it would ruin the day if I decided to go for it and it didn’t work out.” Unfortunately, James discovered he would have won £10,000 after playing out what would have happened if he had taken the swap. ITV viewers were felt enraged by James’ decision as Ben Bissett tweeted: “HE SHOULD HAVE TAKEN THE TRADE! #tippingpoint.” Danny Denay added: “He's just lost £6,150 #tippingpoint.” Tipping Point airs on ITV on weekdays at 4pm. “If there were a few more there I would probably go for it but especially with how that last round has gone and the three counters there it would ruin the day if I decided to go for it and it didn’t work out.” Unfortunately, James discovered he would have won £10,000 after playing out what would have happened if he had taken the swap. ITV viewers were felt enraged by James’ decision as Ben Bissett tweeted: “HE SHOULD HAVE TAKEN THE TRADE! #tippingpoint.” Danny Denay added: “He's just lost £6,150 #tippingpoint.” Tipping Point airs on ITV on weekdays at 4pm.