Ginola, 55, is well-known as a footballer and pundit of the sport. He spent ten seasons in France, which included a stint at Paris-Saint German, until he moved to Newcastle United to play in the Premier League back in 1995. Over the years, he grew so attached to the sport to the point where retiring as a 35-year-old was a tough ordeal that tested his mental health. He opened up about his post-football angst while on I’m a Celeb in December. He shared how his 35-year-old self felt disheartened at realising he would never be able to experience the best “moments” that he said all players “leave on the football pitch” after retirement. Talking to Matty Lee, a professional diver, on I’m a Celeb at the time, he said: “Scoring a goal and 50,000 people cheering you on and sharing a dressing room, having a very healthy life from 18 years old to 35. “You will not have them anymore. “You have this emotion and this adrenalin you get knowing you will never get it anymore. Also, it's your passion.” READ MORE: Coronavirus: Infection can cause digestive symptoms 'you may not expect' In the same series, Ginola also gave the audience a glimpse into how his near-death experience affected him. The Frenchman suffered a heart attack during a charity football game on the French Riviera in 2016. He reportedly died for twelve minutes and only survived because his friend Frederic Mendy performed life-saving CPR. He was rushed by an air ambulance to a hospital in Monaco where he had quadruple bypass surgery. DON'T MISSStatins: Three supplements that may worsen side effects [ADVICE]Barbara Eden health: Star, 90, shares secret to longevity [TIPS]Fungal infections kill more people than breast cancer [INSIGHT] On I’m a Celeb he said that his heart attack made him ready to try new things after being given a “new chance at life”. But he admitted he never went to therapy after the ordeal, despite the doctor’s asking him to. He said in the show this was something he “should have” done. It is common for people after an operation to develop symptoms of depression, and doctors will often warn the patient about it. A 2016 study from the British Medical Journal found that pain, in particular, is one of the causes of post-surgical depression. But for others, it may be the anxiety about complications. Talking about the ordeal, he said: "When I was out of the hospital, it was the first thing they asked me to do. "They said, 'You will not have all the answers to your questions, at least go and talk'. "I will [have some therapy]… I think it’s necessary, it’s very important. Just to clarify things and say, wow, OK." They may even repair problems with the joint while they’re looking at it. During an arthroscopic repair, when the surgeon uses the procedure to repair a torn joint, the surgeons bring a little dart-looking device into your joint and place it onto the tear to stitch it up. Generally, it is a non-invasive procedure that lasts only a few hours.