The British Heart Foundation (BHF) says chest pain is a common symptom of COVID-19, and notes that some people are experiencing chest pain that lasts beyond their initial COVID-19 infection, or that starts in the weeks after they’ve had the virus. The charity says: “It's important to remember that even if you have had COVID-19 and are now experiencing chest pain, it may not be related to the virus.”  The charity says if you experience any new type of chest pain, it’s important to get medical advice, as chest pain can be a sign of something more serious, like a heart or lung problem. Indeed, you should call 999 if you experience: READ MORE: Bowel cancer: Deborah James on initial symptoms - ‘I knew there was something wrong'  The BHF says if you have chest pain that comes and goes, you should still speak to your GP about it or call 111 “as chest pain should never be ignored”. The charity says we are still learning more about chest pain following COVID-19, but it seems likely that it can be caused by a variety of things. The NHS says breathlessness, fatigue, and chest pain are some of the most common symptoms experienced during the recovery phase of Covid infection. The health body says: “Please do not ignore chest pain which is brought on by physical exertion and relieved by rest. This may be angina.” There are also some other signs of long Covid. The Mayo Clinic says common signs and symptoms that linger over time include: The NHS advice on long Covid says people who are recovering from an illness often report feeling a little better each day, and it can take time to fully recover.  The NHS notes that how long it takes to recover from COVID-19 is different for everybody, but many people feel better in a few days or weeks. The health body explains that the chances of having long-term symptoms does not seem to be linked to how ill you are when you first get COVID-19, as “people who had mild symptoms at first can still have long-term problems”. The NHS advice on long Covid says people who are recovering from an illness often report feeling a little better each day, and it can take time to fully recover.  There is also some suggestion that a vaccine can help reduce long Covid symptoms. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) says: “In research published in October 2021, the Office for National Statistics used data from the UK Coronavirus Infection Survey to look at the association between COVID-19 vaccination and long Covid in people who already had it before the vaccine.” The NHS notes that how long it takes to recover from COVID-19 is different for everybody, but many people feel better in a few days or weeks. The health body explains that the chances of having long-term symptoms does not seem to be linked to how ill you are when you first get COVID-19, as “people who had mild symptoms at first can still have long-term problems”. 