Tories have lost about 400 council seats, ceding control of Westminster and Wandsworth in London to Labour for the first time since the 1970s, and plunging to its worst position in Scotland for a decade. Speaking on GB news, Mr Dolan stated Britons “deserve better”.  He said: “The dismal, low turnout was a rejection of our current politics. You deserve better, and you are being let down by the political class. “Yesterday’s turnout was a vote of no confidence in those who lead us, and those who seek to. “London was a triumph for Labour, winning longstanding blue boroughs Barnet, Wandsworth and Westminster. “London has now moved so far to the left, it’s twinned with Beijing. It makes Pyongyang look like a mecca of libertarian conservatism.”  He lashed out at Londoners and said: “Londoners, strap yourselves in for rising council tax bills and tumbling historic statues. But Labour’s success last night was also its problem. “It is consolidating support in an area it already dominates.” Labour had a very strong result in London and took some southern councils such as Worthing, Crawley and Southampton, gaining about 250 seats in total. It pushed the Tories out of control in their only council in Wales, Monmouthshire, and took over as the party with the second largest vote share in Scotland, where the SNP remained dominant.  READ MORE: Nurse fined after pulling into bus lane to let ambulance pass But in the north of England and the Midlands, Labour struggled to make gains in “red wall” areas it had lost at or since the 2019 election, despite a convincing win on the new Cumberland council. Conservative HQ was also buoyed by the news that Keir Starmer is now being investigated over allegations of Covid rule-breaking at a Durham campaign event, muddying the waters over Boris Johnson’s own fine for a lockdown gathering. Sir Keir Starmer said the results were a “big turning point” for his party. The Labour leader said: “From the depths of 2019, that general election, winning in the north, Cumberland, Southampton. We’ve changed Labour and now we’re seeing the results of that.” Mr Dolan continued: “To make any serious inroads on the Conservative majority achieved in 2019, the beer-swilling, cervix-free Sir Keir Starmer needed to be winning back the red wall.  DON'T MISS:Firefighters scramble to scene after home ‘explodes’ in massive blazeElection results LIVE: Starmer humiliated as key London borough flipsHorror as Putin gearing up 'renewed effort' But in the north of England and the Midlands, Labour struggled to make gains in “red wall” areas it had lost at or since the 2019 election, despite a convincing win on the new Cumberland council. Conservative HQ was also buoyed by the news that Keir Starmer is now being investigated over allegations of Covid rule-breaking at a Durham campaign event, muddying the waters over Boris Johnson’s own fine for a lockdown gathering. Sir Keir Starmer said the results were a “big turning point” for his party. The Labour leader said: “From the depths of 2019, that general election, winning in the north, Cumberland, Southampton. We’ve changed Labour and now we’re seeing the results of that.” Mr Dolan continued: “To make any serious inroads on the Conservative majority achieved in 2019, the beer-swilling, cervix-free Sir Keir Starmer needed to be winning back the red wall.  “This has not happened, with surprise Tory wins in bellwether areas like Nuneaton and Hartlepool. “And Labour’s tally of councils looks to have fallen outside London. “But it was a bad night for the Conservatives too, which is now effectively unelectable in the biggest city in Europe, London, a city previously run by Boris Johnson himself for eight years.” Talking about the future of the country and the politicians it needs, Mr Dolan said: “To be honest, I’m not enamoured by either of these two parties. “I honestly didn't have a clue who to vote for yesterday. And the monster raving loony party, looks positively statesmanlike, compared to this shower. The issues are clear. “The country needs a serious plan to tackle the horrific cost of living crisis, to deliver a proper Brexit and scrap the Northern Ireland protocol which divides our country. “We need a police force that actually goes after criminals, schools that teach kids subjects, not woke politics and an NHS that actually treats people and gives them a face to face GP appointment this side of Christmas.” 