Manchester United know they need a new striker to ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo. And that’s why they’re targeting Darwin Nunez, who tore up the Primeira Liga with Benfica last season. The Red Devils seem to think he’ll be the perfect striker to kickstart the Erik ten Hag revolution as they strive for better days at Old Trafford. Nunez was relatively unknown before the beginning of the season. But the Benfica star is already on track to become a household name after scoring a remarkable 34 goals across all competitions last season. To put that into context, that’s more than any United player has managed in a single season since the departure of Sir Alex Ferguson in 2013. Since then, United have spent money and tapped into their academy to try and find their next goal-getter. But the struggles and experiences of five different players are why they’re now hoping Nunez can be different. In 2014, United gambled by snapping up Radamel Falcao. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings The Colombia international was regarded as one of the best forwards in world football at the time. Yet a serious injury meant Monaco were more than happy to let Falcao go out on loan for a year. In the end, his time at United didn’t live up to expectations. He scored just four goals for the Red Devils and was sent back as one of the most-disappointing signings of the season. After Falcao, United turned to Anthony Martial. Few had heard of the France international prior to his move to Old Trafford, with the forward bursting onto the scene at Monaco. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Yet Martial is now primed to leave United having failed to become the player the club thought he’d be. Though his 23 goals in the 2019/2020 season was an impressive achievement, he’s netted just eight times for the Red Devils in the time since. And Martial’s issues are another reason why United are now eyeing Nunez at the current moment in time. United signed Zlatan Ibrahimovic in the summer transfer window of 2016, shortly after Jose Mourinho touched down. But the Sweden international was always going to be a short-term fix, rather than a long-term solution. Ibrahimovic was a huge hit, netting 28 goals during his first and only full season with United. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But the minute he picked up a serious injury, the Red Devils decided to show him the door. United proceeded to pay £75million to bring in Romelu Lukaku in 2017, having seen him impress at Everton. However, the Belgian blew hot and cold before Ole Gunnar Solskjaer deemed him surplus to requirements after just two years. Part of the reason for jettisoning Lukaku was because of Mason Greenwood. Solskjaer and United believed the England international had enough talent to become a club legend in the future. But with a legal case ongoing, it’s unclear what the future holds for Greenwood. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United have, for years, searched and searched for the next deadly striker at Old Trafford. One capable of breaking the 30-goal barrier. Yet with that hunt failing to pay off, Nunez is now the player in their sights. Benfica will demand big money in order to part ways with the Uruguay international given his importance to the team. But, even without Champions League football to offer, United have the cash to make a deal possible. For now, they’re willing to take their time. Yet it’s certainly possible Nunez will be lining up alongside the likes of Jadon Sancho and Ronaldo come the beginning of next season.