Farmer Kees Huizinga spoke with a journalist about the production line blockages he was facing when it came to exporting his grain produce to other parts of the world. Mr Huizinga praised Ukraine for having the best black soil in the world, as he discussed growing his crops. Vladimir Putin has been begged by the UN this month to open to Black Sea port to stop the blockade, but he has refused to do so.    The Dutch-born farmer explained how anxious he felt about the possibility of not being able to get his produce out via the Black Sea port of Odesa, due to it being under Russian control. Mr Huizinga laid out the implications grain shortages will cause, due to the lack of export options available. News Reporter said: "For mile after mile, stretching across Ukraine, a rippling green sea of wheat. "This is why they call it the breadbasket of the world when Dutch farmer Kees Huizinga first came here to farm 20-years ago, this is what drew him here. JUST IN: ‘Stupid idiots with no sense of history’ Union Jack row erupts over Jubilee displays   Mr Huizinga told Sky News: "I mean this is perfect, and it's the famous Ukrainian black soil. "I mean it's the best soil in the world." News Reporter added: "70 percent of Ukraine's farmer's harvest is exported, last year feeding 400m people around the world. "But barely any of it is getting out now, with the country blockaded by Russia, making farmers like Kees increasingly desperate." Mr Huizinga said: "And there are still 25m tones of grain and oilseeds left in Ukraine, that's a third of last year's harvest. READ MORE: Prince Andrew spotted grinning from ear to ear after Queen agrees return to royal fold    "So we already have a huge logistical problem, so I mean it's already late and too late but talking about it like this makes me kind of laugh from nervousness you know, and emotions." News Reporter said: "You're anxious?" Mr Huizinga added: "I'm really anxious I mean, the only option is to get the grain out of Ukraine is through the Black Sea port, they have to be open that is the only option." Putin has been accused of trying to trigger mass famines globally in retaliation for the sanctions imposed on Russia for starting a war in Ukraine. The UN and other organisations along with farmers,s have been warning of more incoming food shortages due to the disruption in production lines. DON'T MISS: Tube staff to strike during Queen's Jubilee - are you affected? [INSIGHT]Khan humiliated after 'no strikes' pledge as tube staff walk out again [REPORT] Elizabeth line chaos: Paddington Station evacuated hours after opening [REVEAL]   WFP's emergency coordinator for Ukraine, Matthew Hollingsworth said: "There's no question it's going to mean areas of starvation in the world are going to get worse, that famine will get worse. "And we're in a situation where the world's economies are only partially getting better from COVID-19 and this situation is going to tip many countries over the edge." 