It comes after Boris Johnson's controversial meeting with Ms Gray ahead of the release of her report. Leading Brexiteer Richard Tice called the allegations against the senior civil servant "pathetic", claiming the Government should instead be focusing on the cost of living crisis. Richard Tice, the leader of Reform UK, said Number 10 is more focused on attacking civil servants than on the rising living costs. He wrote on Twitter: "Pathetic. There is a cost of living crisis & yet no 10 more focused on knifing civil servants." It comes after allies of the PM are said to have been surprised by "toxic" media briefings from Miss Gray's team and the implication she was surprised Mr Johnson only received one fine for his involvement in the Partygate scandal. One insider is understood to have said: "Sue Gray is supposed to be neutral but she's been busy playing politics and enjoying the limelight a little too much".  It follows a controversial meeting between the Prime Minister and Ms Gray ahead of her report, with members of the opposition suggesting he had tried to interfere, raising questions about the independence of the report. But Downing Street insisted they had not instigated the meeting while Ms Gray's team maintained that it had. Mr Johnson's allies reacted with fury to the allegations that he had tried to "nobble" her official inquiry. One senior Whitehall source said it was "not true" that Mr Johnson had sought a secret meeting with her to discuss the report. READ MORE: Brexit betrayal: EU forces British scientist from £2.4million project But in a new twist of events, Downing Street has finally admitted to requesting the controversial meeting ahead of the report publication. Reform UK leader Mr Tice has slammed No 10 over the negative accusations of the senior civil servant, calling them "pathetic". He suggested the Government should instead be focusing on the cost of living crisis while inflation has hit a 40-year high and consumer confidence has reached its lowest point in almost five decades, according to recent data. It comes amid mounting pressure on Mr Johnson to do more to tackle the financial crisis as millions of Britons face the consequences and struggle with crippling costs. DON'T MISS: Consequences of rising costs 'couldn't be more serious' for pensioners [INSIGHT]Dominic Cummings warns Boris over damning Partygate photos [ANALYSIS]Tory warns Boris windfall tax nearly cost Thatcher her job [COMMENT] Mr Johnson is now understood to have tasked the cabinet with cutting civil servant jobs by a fifth to address the crisis. Top civil servants are reportedly being asked to draw up plans to cut jobs by up to 40 percent in each department. This would mean as many as 91,000 jobs could be on the line in coming years if the Prime Minister presses forward with his plans. He said: "We have got to cut the cost of Government to reduce the cost of living. "Every pound the Government pre-empts from the taxpayer is money they can spend on their own priorities, on their own lives.” 