Paul Pogba has reservations about playing for Manchester United against Crystal Palace, according to reports. The France international’s time at Old Trafford is drawing to a close. But while links to Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain are ongoing, he’s yet to make a final decision on his future. Manchester United have failed to see the best of Pogba during six years back at Old Trafford. And with the club failing to get anywhere near the Premier League title during that time, tempers have boiled over. Pogba has become the poster boy of the modern United, somebody with immense talent but unable to do enough to stop the club rotting. And ESPN say that the France international has reservations about playing for the Red Devils against Palace on Sunday. Pogba was booed by his own fans at Old Trafford following the stirring 3-2 win over Norwich last month, where Cristiano Ronaldo bagged a sensational hat-trick. He’s been heckled in the past, too, with the 29-year-old subjected to abuse after United lost to Cardiff in 2019. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And Pogba, it seems, is worried about a backlash from fans on what could be his final matchday with the club. But whether he’s selected, having recently returned from injury, remains to be seen. Staying at United is still an option the player has, with the club tabling a contract offer to the midfielder earlier this season. Yet that appears unlikely given how his second spell at the Theatre of Dreams has failed to live up to expectations. Manchester City have been mooted as potential suitors and, according to reports, agreed personal terms with the World Cup winner. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag However, Pogba knows a move to the Etihad would make him public enemy number one - which is why he’s turned City down. At present, it’s Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus who are frontrunners in the race to secure Pogba’s signature. PSG could make a move to satisfy Kylian Mbappe, who plays with the United star for the France national team. And Juventus are keen to have Pogba back, with the midfielder previously spending four years with the Old Lady between 2012 and 2016. Meanwhile, former Arsenal and Chelsea star Emmanuel Petit has opened up on Pogba and his future. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And he feels the midfielder should leave United behind - but doesn’t think Manchester City are right for him. "He must not stay at Manchester United in the interest of himself and Manchester United,” he said. “I think his future is not at Manchester United. "His future for me is not at Manchester City at all. There are big rumours here in France surrounding Paris Saint-Germain, so I don’t know what he wants to do. "But it's probably to sign a big contract, he wants to sign a three or four-year contract, but he needs to regain his form. He has not been the same player for a long time now. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "It’s been a very difficult season for him and Manchester United. "I think the love story has ended at Old Trafford. "He must leave and I would like to see him stay in the Premier League, the best league in the world. “I am not sure he will stay in the Premier League though. "I’m pretty sure he will leave England - this is my opinion, I may be wrong but this is my feeling."