Arsenal are currently leading Manchester United and Newcastle in the race to sign Napoli forward Victor Osimhen ahead of next season, according to reports. The Gunners are said to be in the market for a new first-choice striker and are believed to be keen admirers of Osimhen, who has chipped in with 17 goals in all competitions since the beginning of the campaign. Arsenal tried to improve their attacking ranks in January by chasing a move for Dusan Vlahovic, who eventually chose to join Juventus from Fiorentina in spite of the north London club's best efforts. They are now looking to bring in Osimhen from Napoli and have emerged ahead of United and Newcastle at the front of the queue for his services, according to La Gazzetta dello Sport.It is claimed that Arsenal have a stronger interest in Osimhen than they did in Vlahovic due to the Napoli man's searing pace and impressive physical attributes. The Gunners are thought to be the main contenders for his signature and will pull clear of his fellow suitors if they manage to qualify for next season's Champions League.The player himself is said to be open to the idea of joining a Premier League club in the not-too-distant future and could decide to entertain any offers from Arsenal, who are set to lose Eddie Nketiah and Alexandre Lacazette in the summer as things stand. United and Newcastle also remain firmly in the hunt for Osimhen, though, and have been 'following the situation closely' for some time. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo told he deserves 'no blame' for leaving Man Utd United are believed to be weighing up a move of their own for the Nigeria international, with incoming boss Erik ten Hag said to be assessing whether the 23-year-old would fit the profile of what he is looking for at Old Trafford. It remains to be seen whether the Red Devils will be able to pip Arsenal in the race for Osimhen's signature or if they will be forced to yield to the Gunners when the bidding opens at the end of the campaign.Arsenal have also been credited with an interest in Roma marksman Tammy Abraham as they continue to scour the market for a new striker in advance of next season. However, Italian football expert Mario Sconcerti has already urged Mikel Arteta to prioritise a move for Osimhen instead of the former Chelsea man over the coming months. "Osimhen and Abraham are different but two good strikers," Sconcerti recently told TMW Radio, according to Il Napolista. "Osimhen is instinctive, one who has yet to learn to think when he plays, but he has exceptional means that dictate his movements."He doesn't think about them, he follows his own instincts, but also for this reason he has quite frequent exceptional moments of play. I think he is stronger than Abraham as a game solution, he is less orderly. At this moment Osimhen makes the most difference." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here