Elon Musk has provoked thousands of Twitter users again today as he announced he was putting plans to take over the platform on hold. The "free speech absolutist" floated a proposed bid of £44 billion earlier this year, which the platform's leadership has accepted. The hesitance on Mr Musk's part has come from concerns about the composition of Twitter's user base. Mr Musk announced he would put his plans on hold via Twitter earlier today. He told his 92.8 million followers in a brief thread that his team was investigating Twitter's user composition. He wrote: "Twitter deal temporarily on hold pending details supporting calculation that spam/fake accounts do indeed represent less than five percent of users." READ MORE: Why Elon Musk has stalled plans to buy Twitter  In his thread, the CEO posted a link to a filing from Twitter posted nearly two weeks ago on May 2. In the filing, Twitter officials estimated that false or spam accounts made up fewer than five percent of the platform's monetisable daily users. They found advertising was served to 229 million users in the first quarter of 2022. His announcement caused a stir in the stock market, with Twitter's shares briefly down 9.6 percent to $40.71 from $54.20, before regaining some ground after Mr Musk made a following tweet. Twitter leadership has also commented on changes the platform made before his announcement. Twitter CEO Parag Agrawal took to the platform to explain the reasoning behind "changes to our leadership team and operations" announced on May 12. Mr Agrawal let two top executives go and decided to freeze hiring as he hoped to take his team "in a different direction". He took to the platform to explain why a "lame-duck" CEO would make the changes if "we're getting acquired anyway". The CEO said he still expected Mr Musk's deal to follow through. He wrote: "While I expect the deal to close, we need to be prepared for all scenarios and always do what’s right for Twitter. "I’m accountable for leading and operating Twitter, and our job is to build a stronger Twitter every day." He added that "no one at Twitter is working just to keep the lights on".