Talk TV’s James Max believes Boris Johnson is “not going anywhere” and won’t lose the premiership in any way given how many crises are piling up now. Boris Johnson has seen calls for a no-confidence motion multiplying over the last few months among his own Conservative Party MPs as revelations over his misconduct have been emerging bit by bit. The UK Prime Minister has saved his face until now and will once more escape a no-confidence vote despite the Sue Gray report, according to Mr Max. "James, he’s going nowhere, is he?" asked TV Talk’s host Jeremy Kyle to Mr Max. "He’s absolutely not", TV Talk’s James Max answered. "And the reason that he’s not is also because those people who have the power to remove him, they know that things are coming down the pipes, which are going to make this worse. "So, we’ve got inflation at nine percent. "We know that there’s a lag before that begins to affect all of us and until we get rising interest rates. "We know that that could lead then to job losses." Mr Max continued: "We know that we’ve got unrest, particularly amongst unions. "We’ve just got the strikes that are coming on from train drivers, but they’re not going to be the last. "We know that they’ve got a funding crisis with the NHS. "And we know that we also need to have very strong leadership", Mr Max pointed out. "So, nobody wants to take over because there is no way that they can do a good job out of this mess at this time. "Also, he’s not going anywhere because everybody knows that the Labour party for whatever complaints, whatever comments that might come in and to resign and all that sort of stuff that they’ve got their bigger issues." READ MORE: 'I deserve better than this fool!' Dr Shola tears Boris apart "And they’ve also got a leader who doesn’t seem to be able to come up with any policy ideas that the public actually want to vote for. "They want to vote against Boris because they’re crossed and, of course, they’re crossed. "Nobody is going to condone either. "I think some of the behaviours here are disgusting, disgraceful and awful." DON'T MISS:Corbyn demands Boris resign... despite admitting breaking law himself [REPORT]'Boris has turned Downing St into wine-stained vomit-strewn disgrace' [REPORT]'Completely paralysed!' LibDem MP says Boris Partygate row to drag on [REPORT] "And Boris needs to get on top of it", Mr Max added. "And he needs to come up with some policies and fast, but I don’t think – I agree with you – I don’t think he’s going anywhere." To trigger a no-confidence vote, Tory MPs must send 54 letters to the 1922 Committee. Unnamed Conservative sources told Insider the number of letters is edging closer to the crucial threshold.