Sheffield United striker Oli McBurnie has been filmed appearing to attempt to 'stamp' on a Nottingham Forest fan during the melee that followed the second leg of the Championship play-off semi-final between the two sides on Tuesday night. McBurnie has been out of action for the last month after injuring his foot and didn’t play in the match at the City ground. The Blades arrived in the east Midlands hoping to overturn their 2-1 first leg deficit but were dealt a huge blow midway through the opening period as Forest forward Brennan Johnson struck to give his side a two-goal aggregate advantage. United regrouped at the break, however, and levelled the tie as Morgan Gibbs-White and John Fleck scored in the second half to take the contest into extra time. Neither team could find a winner in the 30 minutes that followed as the game was decided by a penalty shootout. And Forest came out on top after their goalkeeper Brice Samba saved attempts from Ollie Norwood, Conor Hourihane and Gibbs-White. Forest fans celebrated by running onto the pitch after the game had ended, with events taking a sinister turn when Blades striker Billy Sharp was barged to the floor by a fan as he stood on the sidelines. And a video from a fan which was screened by Sky Sports now appears to show McBurnie involved in an incident as well. READ MORE: Man Utd stars told what to expect as Daley Blind sends Ten Hag plea    The striker played 28 times in the Championship this season but failed to score a single goal. And he has been out of action since last month’s defeat to Reading after injuring his foot. The 25-year-old, who played 59 Premier League games for his team in the two seasons before this one, was even wearing a surgical boot on his left foot when the incident supposedly took place. And the FA is now investigating the video, according the The Athletic. After Sharp was barged to the floor, Nottinghamshire Police confirmed that a man had been arrested. “A 31-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of assault in connection with this incident,” said the constabulary’s chief inspector Paul Hennessy. DON'T MISS Inside Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's dinner with Daniel Levy as eight stars up for sale Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may have confirmed imminent transfer exit in Southampton win Manchester United 'in pole position' to give Erik ten Hag £85m transfer gift      “He remains in custody and will be questioned by officers. Our enquiries into the circumstances surrounding the incident are ongoing. We have spoken to the player concerned and we are working with both clubs who are supporting us with our investigation.” Meanwhile a statement from Forest before the fan had been apprehended read: “Nottingham Forest Football Club are appalled to learn that our former player, Billy Sharp, was assaulted leaving the pitch after tonight’s match at The City Ground. The Club will work with the authorities to locate the individual in order they are held to account for their actions, which will include a life ban from Nottingham Forest. The Club would also like to apologise to Billy personally and to Sheffield United Football Club.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here