Limescale build up in toilets can look unpleasant and ugly if left to fester. Over time, toilet limescale can turn dark brown and can even have an impact on the material of the toilet bowl. Fortunately, fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have taken to dedicated cleaning pages to share their top tips on how to quickly get rid of toilet limescale using cheap and natural methods. Posing on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman who works as a professional cleaner asked for advice on how to quickly remove limescale from a “bad” toilet she was cleaning for a client. Stacey Bee wrote: “Hi everyone, I've been given some new clients and their toilets are quite bad, is there anything I can use that will quickly remove the brown limescale stuff in the bottom of the toilet bowl? “I normally use a strong toilet cleaner but it isn't touching this stuff.” Limescale is often thought of as white chalky stains around taps and showers, but it can look brown and dirty when found in the bowl of a toilet. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to remove toilet bowl stains Hard water is the main cause of these unsightly brown marks, leaving limescale to build up with every flush of water that runs through the toilet. As the deposits of minerals - such as iron, calcium and magnesium - build up, they can turn green, orange and brown. While flushing and scrubbing might seem like the easiest way to get rid of it, hard water stains will not budge this way. Luckily Mrs Hinch fans were on hand to offer up their top tips for cleaning toilets. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ [EXPERT]Garden rules to avoid ‘sparking conflict with neighbours’ [TIPS]Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘easy’ way to make a water feature at home [COMMENT] Of all the comments, the most popular solution was to use cola. Christie Harland said: “I use cola and leave overnight then flush in the morning. It’s a cheap trick for anyone who wants a hassle-free way to remove limescale.” Patrick Stape suggested: “Use cola. I think it’s the acid that breaks down the limescale. Pour in and leave overnight if possible.” Sadie Reyo commented: “Our toilet was like that. I used cola, it’s amazing and so cheap. “Leave it to soak for a bit then you should see that the cola dissolves the limescale build up.” Kate Braggs wrote: “I put a bottle of cola in the flush part off the loo and it works wonders.” Lorraine Yates said: “Try putting a whole bottle of cola and leaving it for as long as possible. “If it can’t be left on long just keep repeating. It’s cheap to do too.” Jodie Mallon added: “A bottle of full fat cola should do the trick.” Britons can pick up a two litre bottle of cola from Asda for as little as 20p. The acidity of cola makes it really useful for cleaning purposes, particularly when trying to break down limescale. It is a method which will save you having to buy expensive specialist cleaners too.