The Prime Minister met the major Stormont parties at Hillsborough Castle in Belfast today in a bid to resolve the crisis linked to the hated Brexit deal. Sinn Fein president Mary Lou McDonald hit out at Mr Johnson following the talks, accusing him of "placating" the DUP. But DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson rejected claims the Prime Minister was on his party's side as "for the fairies". It comes amid an impasse over the formation of the Northern Ireland Executive in the wake of the recent Assembly election, with the DUP refusing to join Sinn Fein or to allow the election of a speaker unless there is a major change to the protocol. It also comes amid heightened tensions between Britain and Brussels over the prospect of Mr Johnson tearing up parts of the contentious agreement, which has created economic barriers between the region and the rest of the UK. Following Sinn Fein's meeting with the Prime Minister, Ms McDonald said: "It's very clear to us that despite all of the rhetoric from the British Government about re-establishing the Executive here in the north, that in fact their priority is placating the DUP.  "We've had what we would describe as a fairly tough meeting with the Prime Minister. "We have put it to him very directly that the absolute priority is getting government working here in the north. "We have said directly to him that proposed unilateral act of legislating at Westminster is wrong. "It seems to us absolutely extraordinary that the British Government would propose to legislate to break the law.  "It's an extraordinary proposal and one that would amplify the bad faith with which the Tory Government has conducted itself from the beginning of the entire Brexit debacle. "I'm sorry to report that we've had no straight answers really from the British Prime Minister except a confirmation of what we already knew, which is that in fact this impasse is entirely coordinated between themselves and the DUP, and if the DUP are acting shamefully in holding back government, well then the British Government is behaving even more shamefully." But the DUP leader rejected claims that the Prime Minister was picking sides in the row over the protocol. Sir Jeffrey said: "This is the same Sinn Fein who were in Dublin this morning asking the Irish Government to take their side. Sinn Fein do double standards very well.  "The Prime Minister is here as the prime minister of the United Kingdom. He is here as our Prime Minister, the Prime Minister of the people of Northern Ireland "The idea the Prime Minister is taking sides is for the fairies. "The Prime Minister is here because it is his job to protect Northern Ireland and it is his job to ensure that we have the right to trade freely within our own country." It comes as tensions between the UK and Brussels are threatening to boil over with the prospect of the Prime Minister tearing up parts of the controversial agreement. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is expected to formally announce a plan to legislate on the protocol on Tuesday, although an actual parliamentary Bill is not expected to be published at that point. The EU has warned against the UK taking unilateral action on the protocol, which was agreed to maintain a free-flowing Irish land border. However, it has resulted in red tape on the movement of goods between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, with unionists and loyalists arguing the arrangement has weakened Northern Ireland's place in the union. 