Dan Walker, 45, has shared a video clip on his social media platforms to persuade fans not to give their details to imposters claiming to be him. He said he had been receiving messages from concerned fans. The BBC Breakfast star, who is leaving the red sofa next week, posted a short video clip to his Instagram account, in view of his 274,000 followers, on Monday informing viewers that he doesn’t have a private account. He also clarified he “wouldn’t be sending you any private or direct messages asking for information, or for money, or to give you a number to ring to speak to my PA”. The former Strictly Come Dancing contestant added: “That is just not happening.” The journalist urged his social media followers to either ignore or report details of anyone contacting them while pretending to be him. He explained: “If you do get any of those [messages]... One - they’re not from me…” READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady Dan also posted the message onto his Twitter account. He accompanied the short clip by saying: “Just a little video in response to a number of messages I’ve been getting. “The only contact I will ever give out is the email in my bio. “Have a good one.” Social media user Nannydev1959 replied that she had been approached by the fraudsters, saying: “Yes I had a couple asking for my number so that “you” could contact me direct, also a link/app to download to make chatting easier. “Anyway I’ve ignored them, not sure how to report it though on Instagram. “Any tips would be greatly received, have a good day.” Unfortunately, Dan hasn’t been the only celebrity to have recently been targeted by online fraudsters. DON'T MISS:Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [UPDATE]BBC's Deborah James bids farewell as she moves to hospice at home care [LATEST]Alan Sugar brands Johnny Depp 'nutter’ and insults Amber Heard [COMMENT] Last week, Carol Vorderman, 61, issued a stark warning to her fans on Instagram. She explained an imposter has been sending messages in order to get information about her. The presenter urged her fans to be vigilant about replying. A fake social media account had been set up and the Countdown star warned fans not to share any of their personal information with the imposter. Paul O'Grady offered his support and said he’s had a similar experience. Carol said: "If you get any message from any other account pretending to be me. It isn't me. “I am only on here and @vordervan. “And a message to ALL the fake account pretenders... get a life and stop with this obsession. It's pathetic. “Anyway to the rest of us... have a great day.”