On Thursday the Government said it had received recommendations from its flagship public health body to vaccinate the most vulnerable members of society before the start of next winter. Advisors have sent out the “interim advice” to help the NHS plan ahead of time, with the possibility of further groups also being recommended for an additional jab. Experts from the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI) have recommended vaccines for the following groups: READ MORE: Woman distraught after M&S mis-gender her and refuse access to toilet  Later this year the JCVI will announce its final plans, and until then it will continue assessing the situation "in relation to the timing and value of doses for less vulnerable older adults". Professor Wei Shen Lim, Chair of COVID-19 vaccination on the JCVI, said: “Last year’s autumn booster vaccination programme provided excellent protection against severe COVID-19, including against the Omicron variant. “We have provided interim advice on an autumn booster programme for 2022 so that the NHS and care homes are able to start the necessary operational planning, to enable high levels of protection for more vulnerable individuals and frontline healthcare staff over next winter. “As we continue to review the scientific data, further updates to this advice will follow.”  The JCVI added that they had decided on the current groupings as evidence from the pandemic has “clearly shown” people within them to be “disproportionately affected” by the virus. Experts added they recognised “there is considerable uncertainty with regards to the likelihood, timing and severity of any potential future wave of COVID-19 in the UK in the year ahead”. Should the Government accept the recommendations, it would amount to some people receiving a fifth Covid jab. During the course of this Spring, a booster programme has been rolling out a fourth vaccine to over 75s, care home residents, and people over 12 with a weakened immune system.  DON'T MISS: M25 traffic MAYHEM: Four miles of gridlock causing hell after crash [NEWS]Govt slammed as visas issued to non-EU migrants reach record high [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry savaged over 'appalling' disrespect shown to Queen [INSIGHT] A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “We welcome the interim advice from the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI) for an Autumn Covid booster programme and will consider their final recommendations later this year. “We have asked the NHS in England to begin preparations to ensure they are ready to deploy Covid vaccines to those eligible.” The UK's latest rolling average for daily coronavirus cases is 8,398, marking a significant decline from the figures seen during the height of the Omicron wave. For deaths within 28 days of a positive test, the latest daily average is 112. Nearly all of England’s Covid rules have now been removed by Prime Minister Boris Johnson as part of his “Living with Covid” strategy. Britons no longer have to enter mandatory periods of self-isolation or wear face coverings for indoor spaces. Free lateral flow tests were also ditched in April and must now be purchased by most people who wish to take a test. But those at risk of serious illness from Covid, NHS and adult social care staff, as well as those in other “high-risk settings” are still eligible for free tests. 