Janette Manrara, 38, has spoken about her marriage to husband and former Strictly Come Dancing star  Aljaž Škorjanec. She explained that the star refused to let her have the dream wedding.  The presenter admitted that she wanted a Disney-themed wedding.  Speaking to Giovanna Fletcher on Disney’s Journey to the Magic podcast, she spoke about her ideal wedding.  She said: “I've not [been on a Disney cruise] - I almost did try and convince Aljaz to get married on one!” the It Takes Two presenter revealed.  “When we were talking about weddings and what we're going to do for the wedding, my dream would have always been to have a proper Disney wedding in the castle.” READ MORE: Carol Vorderman praised after rescuing stranded hiker on mountain Aljaž, however, who recently quit the BBC show, put his foot down. Janette said her beau wanted a compromise. She explained: “Aljaž was like ‘OK I know you love Disney, but it’s our wedding day so let's meet in the middle.’” Instead of a wedding theme, the couple enjoyed a Disney honeymoon.  Janette then spoke to Giovanna about her actual wedding day.  She said: “We got married in London on a Saturday, Sunday we kind of rested.”  “On Monday we went straight to Disneyland Paris with the whole family.”  Janette continued, saying that her husband made a reference to her love for the brand during his wedding vows. DON'T MISS... Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker steal Met Gala spotlight [PICS]Brooklyn Beckham shirtless as Nicola Peltz dares to bare at Met Gala [LATEST]Anne Hegerty reacts to Mark Labbett's The Chase replacement [INSIGHT] “In his vows, he wrote, ‘I promise to take you to Disney once a year for the rest of our lives!’ “That was the first vow he gave me in our wedding vows!” Janette gushed. She revealed that the promise is yet to be delivered, as the couple did not go to Disney last year, but have since visited the Florida theme park as Janetter returned home to Miami to see her family. The presenter married Aljaž in July 2017 in London and they renewed their vows in Florida and Slovenia a week later. The two had been together for six years prior, and got engaged in 2015. In March, Aljaž announced he was leaving his role as a professional dancer on Strictly after nearly ten years. Janette, who left a year earlier, quit in order to host the spin-off show It Takes Two. The couple recently spoke to Hello! about how a dream of theirs is to become co-presenters together. Janette said: “We love watching Eammon and Ruth, so to do something like that would be amazing.”