Denise Welch has addressed reports that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry could “dominate” the upcoming Jubilee celebrations by urging people to stop “talking about them”. The Loose Women star is known for expressing her views on social media and today was no different. She typed on Twitter: “Dear Media, If you are so horrified that Meghan and Harry will dominate the Jubilee celebrations... stop talking about them.” Many agreed with her and said there was “more to focus on” than the Sussex couple. @pinkhedgehog81 wrote: “It’s the one thing they could have done when they left. Reported nothing about them at all from that point onwards unless it was a release from the palace.” READ MORE: Alison Hammond showcases trim figure at BAFTA TV Awards @Lorraine1935 said: “Truer words never spoken. I can count on one hand the amount of times Meghan has been out and about this year, and she’s never out the media, so much for being irrelevant.” @Ericdun19416783 commented: “If anyone talking about Harry and Megan and not Andrew need to have a look at themselves.” However, some said it was inevitable the former working royals would be in the limelight during the Jubilee festivities. @Lorraine1935 added: “The media will be camped at EVERY airport to catch a glimpse.” Denise’s comments come as it has been reported Prince Harry and Meghan will join the Queen's Jubilee celebrations with both their children. The Platinum Jubilee will be the first time the Queen has met her great-granddaughter, Lilibet, who is named after her. She has also not seen the couple's firstborn, Archie Harrison, in close to two years. However, Buckingham Palace announced the couple will not be invited onto the royal balcony for the Trooping the Colour, a royal tradition. DONT MISS:Paul Heaton puts ‘cash behind the bar’ at 60 pubs on 60th birthday (PHOTOS)Eamonn Holmes says wife Ruth's a 'chubby chaser' (NEWS)Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain (LATEST) The confirmation ended speculation about which members will be present for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, with just working royals to stand alongside the monarch. A palace source said that - despite the snub - the Sussexes are "much-loved members of the family" and have been invited to other Jubilee events. Prince Andrew, who was stripped of his military titles, will also not be present on the balcony. Prince Harry and Meghan saw the Queen last month for the first time in two years, on their way to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. Prior to that, the couple had not been back to the UK since they quit as senior working royals in January 2020. Back in March, the duke and duchess were notably absent from a memorial service held for his grandfather, Prince Philip. Despite their resolution to stay out of the limelight, the couple has continued to work on various projects for Netflix and Spotify which have garnered much public attention. It is likely that the couple’s upcoming stay in the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee will keep everyone talking as the couple will attend the £15m spectacular finale. The Queen's Platinum Jubilee takes place from June 2 with celebrations continuing throughout the weekend.