Manchester United reportedly had an extra incentive to appoint Erik ten Hag as their new manager for the next Premier League season - with club chiefs believing that the structure the Dutchman is expected to introduce will benefit Jadon Sancho's development. Sancho joined last summer under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in a £72million deal, although he failed to hit the heights expected of him for the majority of his first season at Old Trafford. That changed in the last two months of the season, yet United's overall performance was not enough to warrant a Champions League place. Ten Hag has been brought in to completely change the direction of the club and get United playing exciting attacking football once more, which they believe will benefit the club in the future. And with club chiefs acknowledging Sancho's rise towards the end of the season, the Telegraph believe that they can use Ten Hag's environment to give Sancho the 'tools' to become a 'bona fide star' at Old Trafford. Sancho was brought up in the Manchester City academy and then allowed to flourish in a typically attacking Borussia Dortmund outfit. However, under the mismatched appointment of Ralf Rangnick and the poor form that United went through in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's final months, he has not been able to express himself fully in England yet. The report claims that Gareth Southgate has warned the forward he has got to start playing well for his club before starring for his country. But Sancho will surely benefit from having an attacking manager with a long-term plan that welcomes young players to grow and flourish. Ten Hag believes that his appointment as United manager from Ajax should not be seen as a risk - telling fans to 'look to the future'. He said: "I don't see it as a risk. "I think this club has a great history, and now let's make a future. The plan is huge and we only have a short time. I'm looking forward to working with these players. The season before, this squad was second in the league, so there is huge potential. "I think if we improve, if we work with them, I think we can get out more than what was the result from this season." United only finished sixth last season, and were dangerously close to playing Europa Conference League football - saved only by Brighton's win over West Ham on the last day. And Ten Hag will hope to get them back on the correct path next season by qualifying for the Champions League.