The trick consists of submerging whole avocados in cool water in a container and placing it in the fridge. But does it work? TikTok user @shamamamahealing, who often shares unusual food tricks, explained: "Just some #avocado magic for you! Store in water in the fridge for up to a month!" This can be used for whole ripe avocados to keep them at their peak. Many followers of the TikTok sensation said the trick also worked for them. TikTok fan @user1493895550348 said: "I had mine in water for three weeks. It was perfect! I love TikTok hacks." Another one, @user2933394982325, explained: "That's why they're called aguacates." READ MORE: 'Frazzled': Kate Middleton 'un-regal' at Pippa's wedding  Avocados are called "aguacates" in Spanish and "agua" means "water". ShamaMama, who shared the video, replied saying: "Clever!" Another user, Christopher Ryan Deel, explained: "This is mind-blowing to me! Thank you! I LOVE making avocado toast for breakfast but they go bad so quick." Maria Dejesus added: "Omg tried it. It really works put them when they are ripe and boom three weeks later, last one is still fresh."  Therefore, it is possible to keep avocados ripe for longer with a bit of extra care. Whole avocados are easier to store than halves as the peel protects them from oxidation. Ready-to-eat avocados are best kept in the fridge. This is to slow down the ripening process. Ideally, they should be stored in the low-humidity drawer, where fruit and vegetables should also be kept, as it is the coolest fridge compartment with less humidity. Avocados last between two and three days when stored this way. Not-ready-to-eat avocados need to be kept at room temperature to speed up the ripening process. The best place is in a bowl which can be placed on the kitchen counter away from direct sunlight. Ripening could take up to five days. This can be done by gently pressing on the avocado to see if they yield. To keep ready avocado halves from turning brown, add a sprinkle of lemon juice, lime juice, or olive oil, wrap it in plastic wrap and keep it in the fridge. Avocado flesh can also be protected with water. Place the avocado half flesh-side-down in a little container filled with water, cover it and place it in the fridge for up to two days.