Manchester United legend Paul Scholes has backed the club's new manager Erik ten Hag to be ruthless with decisions over players' future. Scholes says he expects players to be sold if they are not willing to carry out the Dutchman's demands. Ten Hag spoke to the media for the first time this week since being appointed United boss. Scholes liked what he heard from the 52-year-old, though admits he couldn't say much wrong in his first press conference. However, the former England midfielder says the United players will have to adapt to Ten Hag's way of playing quickly. If not, Scholes expects them to be moved out of the club. He told Premier League Productions: "[New managers are] always going to say the right things aren't they. What he says there is exactly what we'd expect from a manager coming into the club. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'missing farewell meal' speaks volumes about Man Utd star  "He expects hard from out of this group of players. They need that, he needs to stamp his authority on the club. "When people don't go by his rules, don't play the way he wants them to, and they just go onto the football pitch with no discipline and not playing to the philosophy that he expects, then I expect them to be gone. He seems to work that type of way. "I saw a couple of clips where he was at Ajax, having a go at a couple of players, which I thought 'yeah, this is exactly what this club needs, this is what these players need'. He's got a history of bringing in young players to a team as well." The mentality of the United squad has been questioned at times this season, even by Cristiano Ronaldo. Scholes says it is down to the likes of Ronaldo to change the culture at the club back to where it used to be. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Tchouameni's private declaration [TRANSFERS]Man Utd have perfect player to sweeten Pau Torres negotiations if required [COMMENT]Man Utd's Ronaldo brutally taken down as Man City teenager's jibe comes to light [REPORT]  He added: "That's where the likes of him, the likes of Harry Maguire, they need to step up in the dressing room and explain whatever they're doing in training, what's happening on the training ground, just isn't good enough. As we were by senior professionals as well when we came into the team. "You think of your Bryan Robsons, Steve Bruce, Roy Keanes. You had to work as if you were playing a game every single day, every single day. "The culture of the football club is wrong but it's up to these experienced players to make sure the younger players are doing that. That's why I say authority comes into it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here