The return of the account is set to be “beneficial for savers” in light of the pressures on the economy, according to the bank. As part of this latest rate rise, new and existing customers will see the interest rate for the instant access account jump from 0.90 percent to 1.30 percent. Last week, Gatehouse Bank raised the interest rate to five of the bank’s Fixed Term Woodland Saver account. The bank’s interest rate increases were as followed: This latest rate hike is a sign that the bank is determined to assist its customers with saving during the cost of living crisis. To get an account with Gatehouse Bank, customers need an initial deposit of £1,000 which is covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. The banks' savings products have an expected profit rate instead of a fixed interest rate. Ravi Kumar, the senior product manager at Gatehouse Bank, outlined why this latest savings product is good for savers. Mr Kumar explained: “The savings market is very competitive at the moment, and we’re pleased to ensure we have one of the best rates on the market with this increase to our Easy Access account. “This rate rise is particularly beneficial for savers who want great returns while also enjoying the flexibility of accessing their money whenever they want to.” The Bank of England is expected to increase the country’s base rate to one percent later today in a bid to combat inflation. After the financial institution’s rate hike in March, AJ Bell’s personal finance expert Laura Suter shared how savings accounts are impacted. Ms Suter explained: “While banks are very quick to pass on any Base Rate increases to their mortgage customers, savers have to wait longer and many won’t see any increase at all. “Lots of people’s savings are just sitting in their current account or old savings account, earning 0.01 percent. And these people likely won’t see an increase in the interest rate they’re being paid, instead banks will pocket the difference to boost their profits." The latest product launch by Gatehouse Bank suggests that banks are finally passing down the benefits of the subsequent base rate hikes to their customers. However, savers will need to take into account how interest rates will change in the next couple of years as the economy recovers, according to Ms Suter. She added: “Savers who know they need access to the money soon or want the relative safety of cash have few other options, other than hunting around for the best rate. Some might be tempted to fix their money to get a higher interest rate. “But savers need to seriously consider what interest rates will do in that two year period and if that deal will look attractive in a year or two’s time. “While nothing is certain, markets are expecting more increases this year and for rates to be sitting at 1.75 percent by the end of 2022. If that’s the case we’ll see fixed rate accounts rise and anyone who has fixed won’t be able to benefit from that. “Another option for those who want an inflation-beating return is to start investing some of their money. Cash is a great place for short-term savings or money you need quick access to, but it’s not ideal for long-term savings.”