It had been suggested that the triple lock was a massive giveaway for pensioners and the Government argued it should be suspended. How wrong they were. Dennis Reed, director of pressure group Silver Voices, is right to say that this has proved to be an extremely short-sighted decision. While inflation is running at 9 percent, pensions this year rose by just 3.1 percent, or £5.55 a week.As a result, pensioners are experiencing a £551 real cut in annual incomes, quite a drop for those who are already hard-pressed. There's more misery to come, with fuel prices expected to rise again later in the year. Chancellor Rishi Sunak has provided help, including cutting energy bills by £200. But he's under pressure to do more, There are no easy answers. Every decision the Government makes about the nation's finances is a difficult one but pensioners are having to deal with these issues now. Many have contributed to the tax system all their lives. Now, they are among the most vulnerable in our society. They need champions to stand up for them. It's a role that Mr Sunak should embrace, even as he juggles the many complex demands on the Treasury and the nation's resources. There have been 15,000 burglaries and 2,700 rape allegations while police investigated reports of parties in Downing Street and across Whitehall. Only a fraction have been solved. Our hard-pressed police deserve our support, but many people who have become victims of crime are disappointed in the response they receive from their force. They won't be reassured by Scotland Yard's refusal to reveal how many detectives and civilian staff have been involved in the "partygate" investigation, or its cost. As ex-Commander John O'Connor says, the police are swiftly losing their credibility. The time has come to call a halt to these inquiries and let officers move on to more serious matters.  The star-studded line-up for the Queen's Jubilee party features talents young and old, and promises to be quite a party. Rail union the RMT's decision to hold strikes during the Jubilee weekend is a particularly cynical ploy.They are going out of their way to frustrate those who plan to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. The public, being quite resourceful, will find a way round it.The RMT won't spoil what promises to be a wonderful weekend, but they have shown their true colours. 