A number of vitamins have been shown to improve the appearance of the skin. Corinna Tolan, a beauty expert has over two decades of experience in skincare, explained which ones. Corinna told Express.co.uk readers: "If you want your skin to age well, then I suggest you incorporate a synergy of antioxidants into your skincare including vitamin A, vitamin C, and vitamin E." Vitamin A is a nutrient supporting skin health. It's found in meat and dairy and is also referred to as retinol, a skin ingredient renowned for improving the texture and appearance of skin. It helps to stimulate collagen production, which helps iron out fine lines. It also helps to reduce sagging. Vitamin C also improves the production of collagen and another product, elastic, which the skin look plump and firm. It can also help with hyperpigmentation, also known as dark pigmentation like sunspots. Reducing these will make the skin look more youthful. Vitamin E, on the other hand, helps to reduce the UV damage and the free radical damage done to the skin. It is also a natural inflammatory, so can calm redness. These ingredients in skincare are effective at improving the skin, the expert said. READ MORE: Anti-aging for your neck: Exclusive face yoga routine to 'eradicate' sagging jowls Corinna answered a number of other anti-aging questions for Express.co.uk readers. How essential is a serum to a routine, and which ingredients should shoppers look for? Corinna said: "The word serum only describes the consistency of a product, so it's important to keep in mind that not all serums will be key players. "A reputable brand will fill their serums with the latest innovative, target treating ingredients like Environs Hyra-care 50. "A fragmented hyaluronic acid that kickstarts the CD-44 system within the skin, making your skin produce mega hyaluronic acid." DON'T MISSBella Hadid and Kaia Gerber's facialist's 'daily' anti-aging tip [BEAUTY] Mum's anti-ageing secret is a broth that makes skin 'youthful' [RECIPE] 'Works wonders!' Harness the power of ice to look younger instantly [EXPERT] Hyaluronic acid is a natural acid found in the body's fluids. It lubricates the body's joints and tissues and helps bind water to collagen. It's an intensive moisturiser, giving skin a flow. It increases the collagen in the skin, giving it a plumper and wrinkle-free texture. How important is an eye cream, and which are the best? The expert said: "If you ever doubt an eye gel, stop using one and see if the area regresses. "That's how you will know if a product is working." What is the most important thing someone can add to their skincare routine to help stave off aging? Corinna said: "SPF is always going to get the win here as it's the only skincare product that can potentially save your life. "That aside, a product containing vitamin A and antioxidants will ensure you age beautifully." SPF is essential for preventing the aging processes caused by the sun. A study has found those who wear sunscreen every day experience 24 percent less skin aging. Photoaging, the aging caused by the sun, contributes to wrinkling, spotting, and loss of elasticity.