Pep Guardiola has ordered Southampton to hand Liverpool a thrashing on Tuesday night to do Manchester City a massive favour in the Premier League title race. The Spaniard was keen to make light of the pressure on the champions' shoulders following their cagey 2-2 draw at West Ham - a match they could have easily lost, as well as won after trialing 2-0 at the break.  West Ham were two goals to the good at the interval after Jarrod Bowen's emphatic first-half double but City displayed character to show exactly why they're currently in charge of their own destiny. They fought back to equalise after Jack Grealish and Vladimir Coufal's own goal but Riyad Mahrez squandered a late penalty after Craig Dawson tripped Gabriel Jesus, to seal all three points. Yet City will still retain the title if they beat Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium next Sunday, regardless of what happens with Liverpool. Nonetheless, Guardiola wants the Saints to beat the FA Cup winners, who visit the South Coast in midweek in their game in hand following Saturday's triumph over Chelsea at Wembley. READ MORE: Luis Diaz scares Liverpool team-mates after sending FA Cup lid flying during trophy lift When asked if he had a message for the Saints, Guardiola said: "Beat Liverpool 4-0." He later added: "Against this Liverpool side you cannot win the league four games ago. You have to fight until the end. The big privilege is that it is at home and it is in our hands." Liverpool play host to Wolves on the final day of the campaign and the title could yet go right to the wire. Southampton have proved they're more than capable of springing a surprise though having taken points off City at St Mary's. DON'T MISSArsenal boss Mikel Arteta responds to Antonio Conte over claim he 'complains a lot'Liverpool star Mohamed Salah suffers injury in FA Cup final in Champions League worryMicah Richards berates VAR for missing 'blatant' Man City penalty against West Ham  Yet Guardiola is still convinced that City will not need a helping hand from elsewhere because they will take care of business against Villa. "I can assure you something. In one week our stadium will be so loud and we will give them all our lives, and they will give us all their lives, for 95 minutes," he said. "It's an incredible privilege to win one game at home to be champion. "I encourage all the people, all blue people in Manchester that day, go to the streets go to the stadium, because we are going to give everything to win the PL, I am pretty sure about that." Steven Gerrard could potentially exorcise his own personal demons when he takes his Villa side to Manchester. The Liverpool captain will still be haunted by memories of his slip, that saw the Reds miss out on the 2013/14 Premier League title. He has never been able to let it slide given Gerrard finished his playing career without winning the trophy with the Reds. But he can certainly play his part in helping Liverpool win their second Premier League against all odds, providing they beat both Southampton and Wolves.