Due to her ongoing mobility concerns, the Queen has been advised to "not push herself" even if this means "missing more functions". Speaking on a recent episode of Us Weekly, host Christina Garibaldi discussed the 96-year-old's health and the advice given to her to slow down ahead of the big weekend. Ms Garibaldi said: "A source tells us that her loved ones have told her not to push herself, even if it means missing more functions. Reading from the source statement, she said: "Her attendance at these events is being handled on a case-by-case basis, so if she isn't 100 percent on any given day, that she's due to be somewhere in person, then she turns to duties over to someone else. "Be that Prince Charles, or another serving senior royal who's available to handle matters in her stead". She added: "Her Majesty always follows up to apologise if she cannot attend and tries to find a way to make it up to people". READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Andrew be allowed back to royal duties? Ms Garibaldi continued: "The Queen has missed several public appearances recently, with Buckingham Palace saying that it is episodic mobility issues". She added: "She has been seen walking with a cane and contracted Covid back in February. "A source tells us the Covid incident was tough on her. "She got very fatigued for it and is still adjusting to her routine and charging up her batteries". READ MORE: Kate and William's relationship not expected to last – but Duchess 'survived intense' test One event, during the celebrations, that the Queen is determined to attend is the balcony appearance. At present, every Jubilee year has featured an iconic balcony appearance. If the Queen was to not be present for this appearance, it will mark the first in her 70-year reign. DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] Although the Queen's presence at each Jubilee event will only be confirmed on the day, it is understood she plans to attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's on June 3. The Jubilee celebrations are due to begin on Thursday, June 2. Most of the working members of the Royal Family are expected to join Her Majesty on Buckingham Palace's balcony to greet the crowds following Trooping the Colour. Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex will also be returning to the UK with their two children to mark the historic event.