Harry Matadeen, 34, from Hampshire, began drinking urine in 2016 when he was "desperate to heal" from his mental health struggles. "It was beyond my wildest imaginations how powerful it was when I drank it,” Harry said. "From the moment I drank the urine, it woke up my brain and removed my depression." Harry says the daily practice gives him a "sense of peace, calm and determination". "Fresh urine is never as bad as you imagine – it is neutral smelling and not a bad taste unless you are really toxic," he said. "But the aged urine is always smelly and the taste is a refined and acquired one. I’ll just say it takes some getting used to." Harry is now a fan of his aged urine, due to the positive associations he has formed with the fluid. READ MORE: Two Covid symptoms you should take 'really seriously' as new variants reported in the UK Despite anecdotal evidence of the health benefits that Harry has experienced, his family are not on board with the ritual. "My family never approved of it and thought it disgusting from the beginning," he revealed. "My sister doesn’t speak to me and one reason is my partaking in urine therapy." So strong is his devotion to this unique therapy, Harry will cast off anyone who does not support his unusual practice. "I’ve chosen all of my friends now and all of them either do aged fresh urine therapy or approve of it," Harry said. "If they didn't I wouldn't have them as friends – simple as that." Harry also uses his urine as skincare, claiming it has taken years off of his appearance. "Urine has made me look a lot younger," Harry stated. "Drinking the aged urine has revitalised my face to its youthful years and when I rub it on my face, the difference is instant and obvious." Harry described his skin as " young, soft and glowing", citing aged urine as the "best food" for the skin. "When you rub it on, it softens the skin and keeps it youthful and elastic," he added. "Sometimes when I’m in the urinals and no one is watching I will cup my hand and splash the fresh urine I am excreting on my face and rub it in." Urine GP Doctor Jeff Foster pointed out that urine "contains about 90 percent water".  "The rest is ammonia and salts, some bacteria and other waste products," the doctor continued. "There are no known reported health benefits from either drinking or rubbing your own urine onto your body (or anyone else’s urine)." Doctor Foster is adamant that urine is considered a "waste product" for a reason. "Bottom line is if you would not eat or rub in your own faeces, then don’t think applying the same principle with urine is any healthier," he concluded.