Current Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs George Eustice claimed Boris Johnson’s government has been doing everything it can to tackle the rising cost of energy bills. However, BBC Breakfast presenter Sally Nugent was left unconvinced as she accused the Prime Minister of not doing enough to subdue the rising cost of living, and viewers took to Twitter to criticise Eustice’s response. Nugent accused Johnson of “looking for £20 notes down the back of the sofa” as she grilled Eustice on the government’s attempts to aid the cost of living. Eustice claimed: “The point he was making is one that he and Rishi Sunak have made in recent months. “So far we’ve done what we’re able to do to help people through this difficult point. “Through those measures on energy costs, through the national living wage, through some changes to the taper rate on Universal Credit, and also a £1billion household support fund for local authorities so that they can address individual cases of need.” READ MORE: Outlander theory: Jamie Fraser ghost explained in fortune teller clue Eustice later went on to say: “We always recognise we have to keep this under review. "And it may be, later this year, if this pressure continues to grow and we start to see those inflationary pressures grow, we may need to consider some other measures. "We’ve never ruled that out. But what we are clear on is we’ve done all we can for now and some of the measures we’ve already announced are still to take effect." However, Nugent and BBC viewers were quick to remind him people struggling in the UK need help now, and not in several months’ time.   Taking to Twitter to share their annoyance at Eustice's response, Hugh Moan tweeted: “I don't tweet profanity very often but George Eustice appears to be saying "**** the poor" if they receive benefits. “The government would borrow to buy weapons or bail out dodgy bankers. But the poor? Qu'ils mangent du gâteau." Jim Gallagher fumed: “Useless Eustice on BBC breakfast talking but just no answers just lies which he got picked up on. “One big lie was more or less saying the £200 loan was a gift which fortunately was contradicted by Sally Nugent until he admitted it was a loan.” DON'T MISS:BBC Breakfast chaos as Dan surprises Sally with bizarre clothing [VIDEO]The Flight Attendant: Young Cassie star on playing child alcoholic [INTERVIEW]Ozark’s Laura Linney ‘wouldn’t be satisfied’ with series ending [INSIGHT] Christian Cullinane simply wrote: “Eustice on cost-of-living crisis: We've done all we can for now. No you haven't.” Eustice also drew backlash by suggesting shoppers could switch to own-brand goods to keep their spending down. Brendan May said: “George Eustice tip on the high cost of living: ‘Generally speaking, what people find is by going for some sort of value brand rather than own-branded products they can actually contain and manage their household budget.’ “They’ll be telling people to drink their own urine soon.” @denton0690 tweeted, sarcastically: “George Eustice is helpfully pointing out that the cost of living crisis is because people are buying expensive brands of beans. “What a relief to have someone so enlightened, in power.” However, @PumpkinLover17 believed Nugent was too hard on Eustice, tweeting: “And now on #BBCBreakfast we have Sally interrupting and showing clear annoyance and frustration when interviewing George Eustice. “The difference in facial features and voices when interviewing Lab or Tory are obvious to anyone who isn't a zealous Tory or Labour supporter.” BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.