AMC drama series Better Call Saul is on the home run now after season six debuted in April 2022. Fans have been watching the last outing of the Breaking Bad spin-off unfolding as the timelines between Better Call Saul meets its parent show. Express.co.uk takes a look at when the forthcoming episode of Better Call Saul will be hitting screens. The next episode of Better Call Saul season six is titled Black and Blue. Some fans think the episode title could be a callback to Breaking Bad season two instalment Negro y Azul, which is black and blue in Spanish. Negro y Azul was the episode before the introduction of Saul Goodman/Jimmy McGill (played by Bob Odenkirk) in Breaking Bad. While the whole of season six will be dovetailing with Breaking Bad, this particular episode could be significant in there transformation of Jimmy into his transformation Saul. READ MORE: How many episodes are in Better Call Saul season 6? An episode summary from Rotten Tomatoes for Black and Blue reads: “While business booms for Jimmy, the [vice] tightens on the cat-and-mouse game between Gus and Lalo.” AMC also dropped a sneak peek teaser in which Jimmy pops his head out the door of his office and says: “Open for business.” While Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks) tells Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito): “I could put more guys on the place if that’s what you’re thinking.” Cliff Main (Ed Begley Jr.) is angry as he points a finger and warns Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian): “I just need to you to know that I know!” Hamlin says in response: “It wasn’t me, Cliff” and tries to diffuse the tense stand-off between the two men. As the teaser progresses, a woman interrogates Gus, quizzing him about the identity of Saul Goodman. The closing shot finishes with Jimmy responding to his new name, saying: “You got it!” Black and Blue will air on AMC and streaming platform AMC+ in America and Canada tonight (Monday, May 9) at 9pm EST. DON'T MISS...Billy Connolly admits he ‘suffers badly’ in rare TV appearance [VIDEO]Ozark season 4 ending: Fans expose real reason Mel didn't go to police [ANALYSIS]Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah [INSIGHT] However, British fans will have a bit of a wait with the instalment only available on Netflix UK and Ireland from Tuesday, May 10 from 8am BST. Black and Blue follows on from Hit and Run, which saw Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) and Jimmy putting their plans in motion with the help of prostitute Wendy (Julia Minesci) from Breaking Bad. Jimmy and Kim planted a seed of doubt in Cliff’s mind about Howard’s sobriety by stealing his car and pretending to be him. Cliff’s reaction in the new teaser suggests Jimmy and Kim have been successful in their scheming despite Howard’s protests. The previous episode was also directed by actress Seahorn, who opened up about going behind the camera and admitting it was tough multitasking. She said: “The final scene was also very challenging as far as like directing while being in it, because with those wides, you gotta run. “You gotta hoof it to the monitor and then stand there and go like, ‘Wait, what is Kim thinking this moment? Right. OK, I’m here.’” She added to Indiewire: “Like the Mike scene, it’s quiet, with a ton going on that she’s not saying. They were challenging.” Better Call Saul season 6 airs on AMC and Netflix on Mondays