The British television presenting duo, who will host The Prince’s Trust Awards on Tuesday with Prince Charles in attendance, recounted the incident while doing press for a documentary on the royal. Tuesday's ceremony is set to honour the achievements of young people supported by The Trust’s programmes. It will be broadcast on ITV for the first time ever on Thursday at 8.30pm. The Prince’s Trust helps young people from disadvantaged communities as they develop skills and confidence. The star-studded affair, featuring former Spice Girl Mel C and Bridgerton star Phoebe Dynevor, is expected to be attended by Prince Charles. Ant and Dec have already established a close relationship with the Royal Family, having paid tribute to the Queen at her Jubilee celebrations at the Royal Windsor Horse Show earlier this month, and previously presented an ITV documentary marking 40 years of the Prince’s Trust. The TV favourites accompanied the Prince of Wales on a number of engagements to gain insight into the work of the charity and the passion the prince has for the trust he founded. Speaking on the Graham Norton Show in 2016, the pair described the filming of the documentary as “following Charles around for a year.” They also revealed some of their cheeky antics during filming, including an overnight stay at the prince’s house in Scotland. They said: “We were invited to stay at [Prince Charles'] house in Scotland. It was the weirdest thing. “We thought it would be a massive place and we would stay in another wing but it is a house and we stayed in rooms next to Charles.” The pair continued: “We shared a butler and as we were going to bed he asked if we’d like anything else and we asked for two bottles of wine. “We then got drunk with our wives but we were very conscious that Charles was down the corridor so as we got louder every now and again one of us would go, ‘Shush, he’s in bed!’ “It was very bizarre.” Despite their mischievousness, Ant and Dec seemed to make a good impression on the future king.  The duo were invited to lead the coverage of Queen Elizabeth’s 90th birthday on ITV with it later being revealed Her Majesty had personally requested them to host the celebrations. On the Graham Norton Show, they explained: “Apparently she’s asked for us to do it. “We don’t really know how it happened but can only imagine she’s called Charles and asked if he knew anyone that could do it. “And he’s said, 'I’ve just met a couple of lads who’ve been following me around for a year.'”  Ant and Dec hosted The Queen's 90th Birthday Celebration at Windsor Castle as part of the Royal Windsor Horse Show. The event, which featured more than 900 horses and 1500 performers, told the story of The Queen’s remarkable life from her birth in 1926, through World War Two, to her Coronation in 1953 and her reign. Similarly, earlier this month, the duo from Newcastle upon Tyne featured in a theatrical, equestrian performance narrating royal history — from the reign of Elizabeth I to the coronation of Elizabeth II. Her Majesty attended the performance on the final night of the horse show, and was spotted beaming while sitting in the audience. On Tuesday, the popular Geordies will host the The Prince’s Trust Awards for the 10th time.  They will be joined by famous names from the worlds of film, television, music and sport, who will be on hand to present the prizes. Ant said: “It’s an absolute privilege to be involved in The Prince’s Trust Awards again this year and to be hosting it for the 10th time. “It is always so inspirational to hear from these young people who, through pure determination and against all odds, have come out fighting and achieved so much.” Dec added: “We’re honoured to play a part in the amazing work of the Prince’s Trust. “The young people celebrated at the Prince’s Trust Awards have shown real strength, commitment and dedication and are proof that the support offered by the trust really is life changing.”