Camila Giorgi's father and coach was caught blowing smoke in the stands of Court Suzanne-Lenglen during the world No 30's fourth-round defeat to Daria Kasatkina. Fans were quick to pick up on Sergio Giorgi vaping in the crowd while his daughter was losing to the 20th seed. Giorgi was playing in the French Open round-of-16 for the first time after upsetting world No 7 Aryna Sabalenka 4-6 6-1 6-0 in the previous round. But the Italian wasn't able to find the same form she used to dominate the seventh seed when coming up against Kasatkina. The former world No 10 needed just 80 minutes to blow Giorgi off the court 6-2 6-2 and advance to the quarter-finals. The 30-year-old was broken in the first game of the match and again at 2-4 down for Kasatkina to serve out the opener 6-2. And it appeared that Sergio Giorgi - the world No 30's dad and coach - was feeling stressed out watching his daughter unable to fend off the 25-year-old as he could be seen secretly vaping into a towel and blowing smoke from his seat on Lenglen. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu urged to 'embrace' Wimbledon pressure  But his troubles didn't seem to go away as Kasatkina won four games in a row from 1-1 in the second set, breaking Giorgi twice to lead 5-1. The Italian managed to get herself on the scoreboard one last time with a hold for 2-5 but the Russian served out a 6-2 6-2 victory in an hour and 20 minutes. It's not the first time the Giorgi camp have found themselves in controversy during the French Open. The world No 30 was asked to change her top ahead of her clash with Sabalenka in the third round as the umpire deemed the logo of her sponsor DeLonghi too big and against the rules but Giorgi claimed she had nothing to change into and competed wearing the logo, though the logo was noticably absent from her kit on Monday. DON'T MISSNadal fears Djokovic clash could be 'final match of tennis career'Djokovic explains how Federer and Nadal affect his 'biggest goal'Alcaraz gets French Open standing ovation after shot of year contender   After dropping just four games in her win over Giorgi, Kasatkina has progressed to the quarter-final for the first time in four years, where she will face either Veronika Kudermetova or Madison Keys. Giorgi will now head to the grass courts of Nottingham for next week's WTA 250 tournament, where she is now set to be joined by Emma Raducanu who accepted a last-minute wildcard into the Rothesay Open.