On Saturday night, chaos broke out among football fans ahead of kick-off between Liverpool and Real Madrid's Champions League final match at Stade de France. Pictures quickly emerged of the French police officers, who were seen spraying Liverpool fans with pepper spray. However, during Monday's Good Morning Britain, Jimmy Tarbuck blasted the French police, branding them "bullies". Speaking to Richard Madeley and Charlotte Hawkins about the number of tickets allocated to fans, Jimmy said: “UEFA have got a lot to answer for." He said: "You've got to ask yourselves, you've got Real Madrid and Liverpool and without a doubt, the two most famous football clubs in the world and they gave them 20,000 tickets each in a stadium I believe seats 75,000. "Where do the rest of these tickets go? UEFA have got a lot to answer for, for this." Richard replied: “I have to say so do the French police." READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star?  The host continued: "I mean, their violence towards completely law-abiding Liverpool fans who were doing nothing wrong - we’ve been showing the pictures all morning - where basically French guards going up to them, just strolling up to them and spraying them in the face with pepper spray and with mace. It’s disgraceful, isn’t it?” Jimmy went on to fume: “Well Richard, we see these pictures that you give us, some of them are kids! "Nine-year-olds being sprayed by these French bullies! I mean how dare they? "Why do you have the final of this competition there?"   "And obviously you're expressing real anger from your home city of Liverpool." The segment left viewers divided, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Agreeing with Jimmy, Phillip Counsel penned: "The voice of reason, well said Jimmy, totally agree with you." LT tweeted: "Totally unacceptable to be spraying anybody with pepper spray. Unfortunately, there is another side to this and the complete disregard by the fans who trashed local parks with empty alcohol containers and leftover food containers and urinated everywhere. Zero respect for Paris."    Donald McRae added: "Using pepper spray on a lot of innocent people and a lot of children and elderly is not on, but they were some fans climbing fences which didn't help the situation are mainly to blame, not the kids and elderly." While user @muso2003 wrote: "Scandalous true but most police forces abroad won't tolerate being argued with or shouted at. "They expect people to do as their told period - unlike UK police who are far too soft and put up with unacceptable behaviour and violence against them. Be careful abroad and stay safe." Disagreeing with Jimmy, Jim G claimed: "What about the Fans who stormed the Stadium? The ones without tickets? Do you know the ones where you won't show the clips of? What about the fans who Smacked a Madrid fan in the face for Celebrating his club winning? Won't show that either? Agenda after Agenda with this club!" (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.