Britons living in Spain are getting increasingly frustrated over the unfortunate situation. While the lengthy negotiations between the two countries continue, many expats have spoken out against the British Government for betraying them. Since the start of May, British nationals living in the country have been unable to drive as the UK and Spanish Government failed to come to an agreement on driving licences after Brexit. In many cases, the incident has impacted long-term expats with some claiming they were wrongly informed, let down by bureaucracy or were even defrauded. Alastair Carmichael, 62, who has been a resident in Spain for most of his life, has been impacted because of the failed deal. He has now found himself stranded in the small town of Lloreda in Cantabria.  Colin Wilson posted online: “I have been driving perfectly legally for 46 years. “I am disgusted by the way we have been treated by both governments.” An estimated 300,000 Britons live in Spain. Those that have been resident in the country for more than six months have had to stop driving or pass a Spanish driving test to get a local licence. Sources claim Spanish authorities have not agreed to a deal because the UK refused to give the Spanish government access to its vehicle owner database so it can chase up holidaymakers with unpaid driving fines. READ MORE: Judi Dench’s Brexit fear-mongering YEARS after Britons cast vote on EU Marbella lawyer Mark FR Wilkins has vowed to hold the British Government to account for its inaction: “This is a preposterous position. “The Government would rather protect British tourist law breakers than the legitimate interests of the legally Spanish resident British population.” Mr Wilkins told the Spanish press: “We must offer a hand of cooperation to the British Government who seem paralyzed.” The British Embassy is said to be still working on an agreement to allow the exchange of driving licences without the need for a Spanish test. DON'T MISS: Project Fear humiliated: EV companies 'doubled-down' on UK investments [INSIGHT]US warns UK: ‘Unilateral solutions will not work’ [ANALYSIS]Macron promotes vocal Brexit opponent who blasted UK as ‘belligerent’ [COMMENT] Getting a Spanish test is considerably more expensive than a simple swap and there has been a great deal of criticism over the number of theory and test slots available. Anne Hernández, of campaigning group Brexpats in Spain International, said: “Many people were given misinformation or wrong professional advice on registering to swap just before Brexit and thousands have also arrived since Brexit on visas. “I feel sorry for those in the countryside or who need to drive to schools or to work.” Hugh Elliott, British diplomat and the UK's ambassador to Spain, offered advice to affected Brits: “If your inability to drive is putting you in a very vulnerable situation, you can always contact your nearest consulate for advice.”