Countryfile presenter Adam Henson, 56, gave fans a rare insight into his home life with long-term partner Charlie and their children, Ella, 22, and Alfie, 17. The family reside on Adam’s farm in the Cotswolds, but the farmer admits that Charlie "loves the city life". Speaking in 2010, Adam gushed that he believes his children had the “perfect childhood” at the Cotswold Farm Park, which is also where Adam grew up.The presenter said: “My lad, Alfie, has the same bedroom I used to sleep in as a child. It seems to be a pretty perfect childhood.  “Ella and Alfie both know about the birds and the bees, life and death, and the seasons. I feel that teaches them values.  “But Charlie loves the city life, and we often have city breaks, so our children have ended up with the best of both worlds,” he told Great British Life. READ MORE:Susanna Reid in 'terrible state' as Piers Morgan recalls GMB aftermath Adam inherited the Cotswold Farm Park from his father, Joe Henson, when he died in 2015.Joe set up the park in 1971 and it was one of the first farms to specialise in British rare breeds.He also founded the Rare Breeds Survival Trust and was awarded an MBE in the 2011 Queen's Birthday Honours for services to conservation.Adam took over the farm in 1998 and began presenting Countryfile three years later. He previously credited Charlie with helping him launch his TV career.He said Charlie “nagged” him to apply for the presenting role when the BBC launched a search.Even though Adam admits he “wasn’t bothered”, Charlie thought he would be “really good”, as reported by The Mirror.Then, after fending off competition from 3,500 applicants, he landed the role and has presented the show ever since. DON'T MISSGame of Thrones’ Rose Leslie refuses to 'nanny' husband Kit Harington[INSIGHT]Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp'[LATEST]Brian May, 74, sparks concern in 'poorly' update as he's struck down[NEWS] Now, more than two decades later, Adam has worked on other programmes including Countryfile Summer Diaries, Inside Out, Lambing Live and Gardener’s World.He has also hosted BBC Radio 4’s On Your Farm and Farming today.It comes after Adam announced a new career venture away from the BBC.Taking to Twitter last month, he wrote: “The news is out! “I’m excited to reveal that the Cotswold Farm Park team and I have been working on a brand-new YouTube series."If there is a topic you would like me to feature, I'd love to know.”His channel has a selection of videos in which fans can gain an insight into how Adam runs his farm on a daily basis as well as informative clips about conservation.