However, overreliance on these intermittent sources of energy could leave average Americans out in the cold. We need to broaden our thinking if we want both power abroad, and energy at home. The way we conceptualize energy needs a fundamental mindset shift. The carbon-to-value economy represents a very real way of doing that; from burning household waste to create electricity, to repurposing the by-products of hydrogen energy creation. Our waste could fuel the future, but thats only if we let it.  This week the U.S secretary of state, Antony Blinken said he was in talks with his European counterparts about banning Russian imports of crude oil, pushing up the price up to a nearly 14 years high of $139 per barrel, with some experts believing the price could reach a record high of $300 per barrel in the coming weeks. Fundamentally, the West is still reliant on Russia’s main export; energy. Our over-dependence is already damaging an already febrile economy, beset by post-pandemic global supply line issues and a cost of living crisis which has triggered unprecedented inflation. This only serves to highlight the importance of energy independence. Our answer to this is often to consider wind, solar, and hydro which all generate electricity, and to hype up battery-operated electric cars. These are critical, but will not be able to support a Green Revolution at the pace we need. Clearly, we cannot rely on an energy system that only works on sunny, windy days. We can’t afford to forget about the impact of hydrogen. Once touted as too costly and complex a project to be worth the effort for most vehicles, car manufacturers around the world are now experimenting with fuel-efficient vehicles that use hydrogen on tap. Local authorities in Carmel, Indiana, have invested in snowploughs and other trucks that contain “hydrogen-on-tap” that is entirely self-sustaining. These devices contain six stainless steel canisters. Inside each is a 113-gram button of an aluminum and gallium alloy. A chemical reaction separates the hydrogen and oxygen contained in the water, which in turn creates fuel whilst the byproduct aluminum oxide can be then used to create more buttons. Another part of the circular energy economy is the real promise of turning trash into energy. The most common process involves burning waste products to generate steam in a boiler, the high-pressure steam turning the blades of a turbine. In fact, for every 100 pounds of Municipal solid waste, such as paper, plastics, yard waste and wood, 85 pounds can be burned as fuel for electricity. Some reports predict that currently, the 5.5 million tonnes of food waste generated per year could be enough to power 164,000 households. Indeed, much of this organic material breaks down and creates methane, a dangerous greenhouse gas in the process.   The potential of repurposing household waste into energy is huge. Not only generating energy it goes some way to solving the landfill problem by reducing the overall volume of waste that is generated in the world. Around 2,000 pounds of garbage can be condensed to ash which weighs about 300- 600 pounds. Programs such as the Carbon to Value Initiative also make a positive impact, cultivating ‘technologies that capture and convert carbon dioxide (CO₂) into valuable end products or services.’ The Carbon to Value Initiative is part of a much larger project known as the Circular Carbon economy based on the principles that we should keep reusing materials in a loop. The 4Rs of the Circular Carbon Economy are reduce, reuse, recycle, and remove. We must first reduce the carbon in the atmosphere by as much as possible using carbon capture machines. Then we must reuse this energy as much as we can in fuels, we must then recycle any expended or leftover CO2 into fertilizer. Finally, we can plant more flowers and trees, combined with new technology to increase the photosynthates that take place on the planet. Saudi Arabia champions this model and they promoted it during their recent presidency of the G20. Indeed, this new vision of how waste and energy go hand-in-hand should guide how we think about energy, when tackling both geo-political and ecological crises of the 21st century. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine should serve as a wake-up call to us all about the dangers of energy dependence. Yet the transition to Green energy isn’t just about adopting new technologies, it’s about adopting new ways of thinking. The era of the circular energy economy is here. Both the planet and the consumer will thank us for embracing it.  Joseph Alfred is founder and CEO Ally Power Inc. a hydrogen fuel energy and transportation company. 