Many industry experts have pointed out that existing global supply chain issues have been worsened by the Russian invasion of Ukraine. For some customers, they have been told to prepare for delivery of their electric car in 2023. According to Aidan McClean, CEO and founder of UFODRIVE, this shows the inherent risks associated with long and fragile supply chains. He points out that the delays are just the start of industry worries when it comes to electric cars. Mr McClean, who also authored ‘Electric Revolution’ said there is a more substantial and long term-threat to the switch to electric. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “Long-waiting lists represent a substantial threat to the electric revolution – as it puts off the intrepid and more well-off consumers willing to purchase electric vehicles now. READ MORE: Older drivers slam ‘unacceptable’ maximum driving age proposals “These initial EV consumers are vital – as they build momentum in the industry; driving down costs, fuelling new innovations, and advancing the infrastructure we need. “This is particularly important if EVs are ever to be a realistic option for the majority – a fundamental part of the shift to a greener, more sustainable future. “However, this current bottleneck in supply is due to end – and there are few substantial, long-term threats to microchip production.” Recent data suggests that some drivers looking for the most popular electric cars face waiting times of up to a year. DON'T MISSUK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park [SHOCKING]Furious 20mph camera debate on GMB [ARGUMENT]EV owners 'not immune' from costs - charging prices rise 21 percent [WARNING] Current estimated lead times for the Audi E-Tron and Volvo XC40 stand at 52 weeks. In comparison, other popular models like the Hyundai IONIQ and the Tesla Model 3 have waiting times of just over three months. This is on par with many other petrol and diesel models like Nissan Qashqai and the BMW 3 Series. Thanks to skyrocketing demand for interest in electric cars, as well as China’s dominance of EV battery production, Aidan McClean predicted that Europe and America face an imminent battery supply crisis. He says this will happen unless more batteries are produced in Europe and North America and recycling of the batteries is improved. Mr McClean added: “What is more concerning for the inevitable EV revolution is the supply of batteries. “Currently, China is leaps and bounds ahead of Europe and America when it comes to the production of batteries and the mining of lithium - the main element in EV batteries – and currently produces around 60 percent of EV batteries. “To try and keep up with China’s incredible progress on electric vehicles and their batteries, and to keep up with consumer demand, the UK needs batteries produced closer to home. “As of 2021, Europe had 38 EV battery ‘gigafactories’ planned or in progress. If all make it to production, they could be delivering as much as 462 GWh worth of battery cells by 2025, and 1,144 GWh by 2030. “This is enough to power over 90 percent of expected new vehicle sales in Europe in that year. “This is absolutely essential if we want to meet the needs of consumers, fleet managers, and the environment. “However, this in turn creates a waste issue – and therefore we need to supercharge EV battery recycling as well.” Last month, Norway opened Europe’s largest battery-recycling plant - a joint venture between two Norwegian companies and a battery producer in Sweden and Germany. The new battery recycling facility has the capacity to process 12,000 tons of battery packs per year, or around 25,000 EV batteries; which is enough for the entire end-of-life battery market in Norway currently. It is claimed they can recover 95 percent of the battery – including the “black mass”, the spent powder which contains the precious elements so vital for the manufacturing of new batteries.