Chelsea have been offered the chance to sign Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly this summer, according to reports. The Blues are set to lose both Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen on free transfers so will need to bring in at least one new centre-back. Koulibaly has long been linked with a transfer to the Premier League. The Senegal international, who turns 31 in June, has been at Napoli since 2014 but has seen constant speculation over an exit from the Serie A club in recent years. And Italian outlet AreaNapoli.it claims the player's agent, Fali Ramadani, is making one last attempt to get his client a move away. Koulibaly's current contract expires in 2023 so this summer is the last chance for Napoli to get a substantial fee for him. And the report claims he has been proposed to Chelsea. Both Rudiger and Christensen will leave at the end of their contracts. READ MORE: Chelsea tipped to sign 'new Varane' as Antonio Rudiger replacement  Christensen is set to join Barcelona, with Rudiger heading to El Clasico rivals Real Madrid. The report says Chelsea would have no problem providing Koulibaly the wage he would demand. A fee of around £29.95million (€35m) is what Napoli and Ramadani are hoping for. Paris Saint-Germain and another unnamed English club are also said to be in contact with the agent. Koulibaly will not demand an exit this summer if no club takes up the offer of signing him. If that is the case, he will then likely pen a new contract with Napoli to end his career with the Serie A side. Despite Rudiger and Christensen being set to leave, Chelsea still have a number of options at the back. Thiago Silva and Cesar Azpilicueta have another year left on their contracts. DON'T MISSNapoli star Osimhen 'chooses' between Arsenal and Manchester United transfer [GOSSIP]Liverpool's five-year plan under Klopp complete after 'comedic' Tottenham show [COMMENT]Man Utd's price tag for Marcus Rashford exit speaks volumes about him [OPINION]  Trevoh Chalobah has impressed at times this season and Malang Sarr provides a left-footed option to Thomas Tuchel. But upon the news that Rudiger will leave, Tuchel couldn't hide his emotions. He said: "I don't think anybody likes it. He gives everybody confidence in the dressing room. "He is a unique character and plays on an outstanding level. He sometimes takes the focus towards him, he loves responsibility. "Nobody likes this decision but we have to accept it. Like it or not there will be life at Chelsea after Toni. It is also the most important thing for us that it ends like it started, on the highest level." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 