Mikel Arteta has hit back at Antonio Conte's scathing criticism of him in midweek after Tottenham trounced his Arsenal side 3-0 in the north London derby - claiming that it 'is his job' to do talk about matters in the game. Two Harry Kane goals in the first-half were backed up by an early Son Heung-min goal in the second half to compound the Gunners' misery. Conte had a go at Arteta for his post-match complaining following Rob Holding's controversial red card. The Italian said that whilst Arteta had a promising career ahead of him, he needed to stop complaining after the derby day drubbing. But Arteta has hit back at those claims, believing that it is his job to speak out about contentious moments. “What I have tried to do I think in three years here is not make any complaints," Arteta told the Daily Mirror. "I have no complaint and I didn't complain on Thursday. I just said I could not give a clear assessment on what I thought about the game. And that's it. “Whatever we do we will try to defend the club in the right way, like we have always tried to do. The other night I tried to do it as well. That was not trying to affect anybody. But I was being clear and honest. I think that is my job and my responsibility when I talk on behalf of the club to express how we feel. And if I cannot do it, I prefer not to.” His side will still remain clear of Tottenham should they win their last two games of the season against Newcastle and Everton. And the Spaniard thinks his team are still in a good position to qualify for the top four. "Absolutely, yes. It is a good place to be," he continued. “But as I said it is in our hands, we have done a lot in the past few months to be in this position so let's go for it. We want to be playing in the Champions League. And that's the end, we've come so far, as I said, it's in our hands and we want to now capitalise on that, and the excitement and the opportunities there, and we will really want to go for it. “It's not pressure, it's excitement, and this is what we have built over the last few months. And as I said, top four is the target. Now, it's in our hands, and we want to deliver that.” Arsenal face Newcastle on Monday evening in a bid to return to the top four.