Cristiano Ronaldo doesn’t look like he’ll be going anywhere this summer. After scoring 24 goals for Manchester United across all competitions, Erik ten Hag still considers him to be a player worth keeping. And, now, it’s possible the Portugal international will be given two new roles at the club. Ronaldo’s future has been the subject of much debate ahead of the summer transfer window. But Ten Hag dropped a hint the veteran would be staying at Old Trafford earlier in the week, labelling the 37-year-old as a ‘giant’ of the game. "From tomorrow (Monday), my focus will be on United, and I will of course get deep into things there,” he said. "What I have to say about it is, the detailed analysis still has to begin, I still have to work with the team, but let me be clear that at United there are a lot of good players around. "We have to make them function as a team but definitely Ronaldo, he is a giant." Ronaldo himself has also suggested he’ll be staying. So, now, it’s possible two role changes beckon. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings The first - and perhaps the most obvious - is the captaincy. Harry Maguire has had the armband ever since January 2020, when Ashley Young quit to join Antonio Conte’s Inter Milan. Yet while the England international can be brilliant on his day, he’s often struggled for consistency throughout his time at Old Trafford. Maguire’s stock has never been lower, despite the obvious talent he possesses. There’s been talk of United even upgrading on their skipper by bringing in either Manuel Akanji, Pau Torres or Jurrien Timber. And, in Ronaldo, United have a god of the game ready and waiting to take on the biggest responsibility. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag While he’s never been a skipper at club level, officially at least, he has been captain of Portugal. And given he’s been at the top of his game this season, Ten Hag may deem Ronaldo as the perfect player to lead this squad. That said, the second role could be that of rotational forward. Ronaldo, with his 24 goals across all competitions, has lived up to his own high expectations since touching down from Juventus. But United can’t rely on him to play week in, week out as he approaches the twilight years of his career. Ten Hag has made it known to the club’s hierarchy that he wants another striker to provide competition for Ronaldo. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And that’s no surprise given how two players, at least, are expected to leave for pastures new. Anthony Martial has regressed alarmingly this term, with the France international toiling for both United and Sevilla. And Edinson Cavani will depart after two years with the Red Devils, with clubs from South America and La Liga keen to snap him up. United have interest in Darwin Nunez, though their failure to qualify for the Champions League could count against them. And they’ve also been put forward as potential suitors for the likes of Tammy Abraham and Victor Osimhen, too. Ronaldo is accepting of the fact United want to land a new marksman. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here So it’s possible that, even if he’s given the armband, he won’t play every single minute of every single match. Speaking earlier this week, meanwhile, Ronaldo wished Ten Hag ‘all the best’ ahead of their work together at Old Trafford. "What I know about him is he did a fantastic job for Ajax, that he's an experienced coach,” he said. “But we need to give him time. "Things need to change the way he wants. "I hope we have success, of course, because, if you have success, all of Manchester is going to have success as well. I wish him the best. "We are happy and excited, not only as players, but the supporters as well. I wish him the best and let's believe that, next year, we are going to win trophies."