Universal Credit provides valuable support to those out of work, unable to work or on a low income. For this reason, it is key Britons understand their payment, and whether they are receiving the correct sum. At present, Universal Credit is split into a standard allowance, and then other top ups which a person receives according to circumstances. The standard allowance for a single person under 25 is £265.31 monthly, rising to £334.91 for singletons over 25. Joint claimants who are both under 25 should get £416.45 per month to share between them. Couples where one or more partner is over 25 will get a standard allowance of £525.72 monthly. READ MORE: State pensioners with diabetes could get extra £92 per week However, there are several top ups available which could help Universal Credit claimants further. Investigating these could be worthwhile, to ensure Britons are getting the support they are entitled to. Firstly, Universal Credit claimants who have children could get up to £290 extra per month. The £290 figure is for a first child born before April 6, 2017, with the sum dropping to £244.58 for those born after that date. DON'T MISSPremium Bonds May 2022 draw looms - how to check if you have won [INSIGHT]State pension update as top up rules relaxed - but for a limited time [ANALYSIS]Pension update as HMRC pays out £22million in last three months [LATEST] For a second or subsequent child, the sum is £244.58 per month per child. Individuals who have a disabled child will get further support for additional needs. An extra £132.89 is provided for a child described as disabled, and an extra £414.88 for severely disabled children. Certain individuals may not be able to work for health related reasons, and may be deemed by the DWP as having limited capability for work or work-related activity. In these circumstances, individuals should get an additional £354.28 per month to support them. Caring for a disabled person also offers Britons further levels of support needed. Those who offer care for at least 35 hours a week for a severely disabled person who receives a disability-related benefit will get a top up. This top up is worth £168.81 and is provided by the DWP. Finally, it is worth noting, many people are being moved onto Universal Credit for the first time. Many Britons will have been on so-called legacy benefits such as income support, income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance or income-related Emploment and Support Allowance. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some will have had a Severe Disability Premium (SDP) added on to their legacy benefit payment. If moving on to Universal Credit, these individuals should get an added sum known as a “transitional protection”. This compensates for the loss of the premium when people move on to the newer benefit. Individuals can apply for Universal Credit online by setting up an account and completing a claim within 28 days. Those who cannot claim online will need to claim by phone using the Universal Credit helpline.