Mhairi Black hit out at the British Government for its immigration and economic policies, warning the conditions created across the UK are threatening to turn the country into a fascist regime. She hit out at imperial nostalgia as she insisted memories of the past should not influence current policy, and accused the Conservative Party of clinging to power by defying the truth. Addressing the House of Commons, the SNP MP said: "We tell our own citizens that their safety can't be guaranteed in Rwanda but we're perfectly happy to ship asylum seekers, people fleeing war and persecution over to Rwanda as though they are cattle to be dealt with by someone else. "And despite knowing this plan costs more than it will ever save. "This is just little England elites drunk on the memory of a British Empire that no longer exists." She continued: "We have the lowest pensions in Europe, the lowest sick pay, we pretend minimum wage is a living wage when it's not. "We miss our economic targets time and time again, we are happy to break international law. JUST IN: Biden to arm Ukraine with deadly weapons and STOP Putin's horror plot to starve millions "We are turning into a country where words hold no value and over the last 12 years, I fear, we are sleepwalking closer and closer to the f-word and I know everyone is scared to say it for fear of sounding over the top or being accused of going too far. "But I say with all sincerity when I say the f-word I'm talking about fascism. "Fascism wrapped in red, white, and blue." Ms Black added: "And you may mock and you may disagree but fascism does not come in with intentional even plans or the introduction of leather jackboots. READ MORE: BBC QT: Labour MP takes aim at 'terrible head boy' Jacob Rees-Mogg over working from home "It doesn't happen like that, it happens subtly. "It happens when we see governments making decisions based on self-preservation, based on cronyism, based on anything that will keep them in power. "We see the concentration of power whilst avoiding any of the scrutiny or responsibility that comes with that power." The video, which the SNP MP later shared on her Twitter page, was shared over 20,000 times and raked up 50,500 likes since publication. Don't miss: Sturgeon's independence and NATO plans destroyed in TWO words' [REPORT]'She is incapable!' Sturgeon told indyref2 is 'never going to happen' [ANALYSIS]White House officials warned of Sturgeon's plan to 'undermine NATO' [INSIGHT] Conservative Mark Fletcher later replied to Ms Black's wide-ranging speech, hitting out at her "flippantly" structured comments. Mr Fletcher said: “You would think in the current circumstances we would be incredibly careful. "We cherish our democracy in this country, our institutions are strong. “Democracy, freedom, and the rule of law run through the core of this country, and to so flippantly say that democracy is under attack or that we, as another member said earlier, that we are descending close to fascism, only seconds after saying that words matter, is incredibly frustrating.”