Boris stopped for a bit of birthday cake, which didn’t even leave its box, and then carried on working. Keir Starmer, by contrast, simply relaxed in an end-of-day social gathering involving at least 15 people. Boris’s birthday cake was a surprise, Starmer’s curry was planned from the start. Boris was with his wife and also people with whom he had been working day in, day out. Starmer was with local party workers whom he met for a single day’s campaigning rather than with regular workers from his usual workplace. So no, there is no comparison. Boris has apologised 35 times. Starmer has made no apology at all. Worse still, Starmer and his party have lied, lied and lied again. Angela Rayner wasn’t there. Yes, she was. It was a break during work. No, the schedule makes clear it was a pre-planned event for when work was over and not a single shred of evidence has been found to show that Starmer did anything afterwards by way of work. He did some video clips but the only ones anybody can produce were taken earlier in the day. There was no other source of food. Yes, there was – in the very hotel in which he was staying. And so it goes on, a bad situation compounded by lies. I don’t think anybody should resign for getting a fixed penalty fine but I do think Starmer should pay the political price for breathtaking hypocrisy and he will if he remains as leader of Her Majesty’s opposition because he is now marked as a prize hypocrite and every word he utters will be examined against his actions. Quite apart from the moral aspects of the matter, what does it say about his judgment? Knowing his own vulnerability, he still spent months castigating the Prime Minister. Did he really think he was going to get away with it forever, that no leak would ever happen? That no snake was lurking in the grass? Idiot! ---------- The mess in Northern Ireland is not due to Brexit but due to the deal negotiated and which the Brexit Party consistently warned was a betrayal of Ulster. Leaving one part of the UK in the single market while the rest left the EU comprehensively (except possibly the Defence Union) was always going to be a recipe for disaster. We were repeatedly assured that the detail would be sorted out during the trade negotiations and that the EU would be reasonable. Since when was the EU ever reasonable? It is not even as if it pretended to be, with its leaders openly stating that Britain should be punished for leaving, as a deterrent to other member states who might contemplate the same course. Yet still the Government bleats that it wants to solve the issue by “agreement”. The only thing that will solve it is the invocation of Article 16. Do that before it is too late, Boris. ---------- I hope the Queen may yet live another year beyond the Jubilee to see the 70th anniversary of her coronation. One of the more dramatic moments of coronation day was the news that Edmund Hillary had conquered Everest. Yet this year also marks an Everest anniversary: the centenary of the very first attempt in 1922. The history of that derring-do, the politics and the drama are wonderfully captured by Mick Conefrey in his new book Everest 1922. Now, of course, Everest, its upper slopes littered with corpses and discarded oxygen masks, is no longer a formidable challenge. So it is good to be reminded of its once dark, brooding, remoteness and of the courage which conquered it. ---------- Once, when asked what job I would most like to do on TV, I would have said “Paxman’s” or “David Frost’s”, so I knew I was ready for retirement, when instead I started to think of Aled Jones’s on Songs Of Praise or of Richard Whiteley’s on Countdown. Indeed I was beginning to prefer the innocent fun and ingenuity of Countdown to the pugnacity of Question Time. It is a lovely and very long-running show but Anne Robinson, is now leaving within a year of appointment, as did Des Lynam and Des O’Connor, while Jeff Stelling lasted but two years. Only Nick Hewer demonstrated any real devotion. And perhaps that is the operative word. Not career moves but devotion. ---------- Patients are expected to talk to their doctors on the phone instead of face to face; a desperate mother finds an A&E department closed at night and is told to drive to another hospital 30 miles away; people wait hours for ambulances; the waiting lists are at record levels. For how much longer are our politicians going to stick their heads in the sand, in the hope that when the implosion really does come it will be the other lot in power? 