Jeff Stelling, 67, has struck back after a fan reacted to Chris Kamara’s announcement on Saturday that he will be leaving Sky Sports after having worked with the broadcaster since 1998. It comes after a fan suggested that both his and Chris’ retirement claims were fraudulent. The news host responded to the accusation in full view of his 198,500 followers on Sunday. Chris’ original tweet explained how he has loved and cherished his time on Sky Sports. He wrote: “After 24years at Sky Sports we have announced my departure. “I have loved every minute & the memories will live with me forever. READ MORE: David Birney dead: Bridget Loves Bernie star dies aged 83 “Working with Jeff & the boys has been Unbelievable! “And the special days on Goals on Sunday with Ben Shephard who has become a great pal. I’ve had a blast!” @Gaspodesm8 then responded, saying: “Is this the same ‘resignation’ that @JeffStelling did that saw his wages increase exponentially, only for him to say he's staying?” In retaliation, Jeff wrote back: “Idiot.” The Twitter user then commented apologising for his earlier statement. He penned: “I would sincerely like to apologise to you both.” “I had too much to drink last night and my tweet is inexcusable.” In defence of Jeff, Carlos Vanarama wrote: “Why dignify and amplify it with a response Jeff? DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara's injury fear addressed after hospital dash[LATEST]Lily James puts on jaw-dropping display in see-through Met Gala gown[PICTURES]Vanessa Hudgens risks wardrobe malfunction at Met Gala 2022[RED CARPET] “Often these idiots aren’t even real people. Take care my man. You are the best at what you do.” Chris has worked on Soccer AM and Goals on Sunday but is best known for various humorous moments on Soccer Saturday and his catchphrase "unbelievable Jeff!" His departure comes after he announced a month ago that he is suffering from apraxia of speech. After fans noticed that he appeared to be slurring his words in a recent TV appearance, he confirmed that he had developed the speech disorder. In spite of his condition, Chris will go on to commentate on ITV show The Games which will air on May 9. Sky Sports responded to the news that Chris would be leaving on Saturday. They wrote on Twitter: “After 24 brilliant years at Sky Sports, including many years as a star of Soccer Saturday, Chris Kamara is leaving the show at the end of the season. “The Soccer Saturday show paid tribute to him this afternoon, and he leaves with our thanks and very best wishes." 