The shocking incident occurred outside Teddington School in Richmond upon Thames just after midday on Tuesday. Police officers rushed to the scene on Broom Road following reports that a teen boy had been stabbed. Early reports suggest the child was a Year-11 pupil at the school. The teenage student was found with knife wounds outside the school gates upon officers arriving at the scene. Police state the boy remains in a stable condition in hospital after receiving stab wounds to his hands and stomach. No arrests have yet been made following the attack. Teachers at Teddington School told parents that the front of the school was "now a crime scene" but that the children inside were "safe." A Metropolitan Police spokesperson confirmed: "Police were called at 12:31 pm on Tuesday, 17 May to Broom Road, Teddington, following reports of a stabbing. "Officers responded and found a teenage boy with non-life-threatening injuries. "There have been no arrests at this time. "A crime scene is in place and enquiries are ongoing. "Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 quoting CAD 3306/17MAY."  READ MORE:I am proudly pro-police - They have my backing, says PRITI PATEL  Teddington School's headteacher Kathy Pacey said yesterday: "There has been an incident outside the front gate of the school this afternoon. "The front of the school is now a crime scene. "Please rest assured that your child is safe and secure and there is no need to come and get your children at this time." The Bourne Education Trust and Teddington School say they are working closely with emergency services and the local education authority following the incident. DON'T MISS:London Jubilee Tube strike chaos: Drivers to SHUT DOWN station [REPORT]Council removes memorial plaque over swear word [REVEAL]Russia hammer blow as Ukraine destroys arms depot [INSIGHT]  One local said: "The child was a year 11 boy, so yes it did involve the school children as he's a pupil there. "He was stabbed once in the hand and twice in the stomach. "He's in hospital in a stable condition." Last year, London recorded its worst-ever annual death toll from teenage homicides, with a total of 30 boys and young men killed in 2021. Most of the young victims were stabbed to death. In London, 74.4 percent of all homicides were caused by knives or sharp implements in 2021, a 15.6 percent increase from 2020. Perhaps a testimony to the UK’s strong gun control laws, just 8.3 percent of homicides in 2021 were caused by gunshot wounds – proportionally down from the 11.4 percent witnessed in 2020. 