The monkeypox wave is gathering momentum in the UK and its outpacing other countries, the latest data shows. According to the latest data compiled by the Government, the UK has seen the biggest daily rise in cases. The data published today shows the UK has recorded an additional 123 cases. England alone has recorded 71 new daily cases of monkeypox. This surpasses last week's daily record of 88. Commenting on the latest data, epidemiologist and health economist Eric Feigl-Ding said: "Whoever said last week that we are done finding cases is dead wrong." Writing on Twitter, the health expert added: "Cautious concern is justified & warranted." READ MORE: Monkeypox: UKHSA orders 20,000 additional doses of smallpox vaccine as cases rise in UK According to the epidemiologist, there’s even more suspected cases pending. "This new monkeypox epidemic is not fizzling out yet." The current ranking of confirmed cases by country: It comes in the wake of new guidance issued to UK residents. DON'T MISSLionel Richie health: Star on his mystery illness [INSIGHT] Bacteria in showerheads can cause pneumonia [ADVICE]Tom Hanks health: Star on managing diabetes [TIPS] UK health authorities have urged anyone who tests positive for the monkeypox virus to abstain from sex until their symptoms have cleared. People with monkeypox are also urging those infected to avoid close contact with others until their lesions have healed and any scabs have dried off, the guidance says. They should also use condoms for eight weeks after the infection. Men who are gay or bisexual have been urged in particular to be aware of symptoms as the UKHSA said the "majority of cases identified to date" had been among that group. Health protection teams are tracing contacts of positive cases and are advising those at highest risk to isolate at home for up to 21 days. According to the UKHSA, community transmission is occurring in the UK with multiple generations of spread. Illness appears to be generally mild, consistent with other information about the West African clade. There are two clades of monkeypox – a Central African clade with a reported mortality of 10 percent and a West African clade with a reported mortality of one percent from epidemiological cluster and outbreak reports from Africa. Monkeypox is a rare disease that is caused by infection with monkeypox virus. Monkeypox was first discovered in 1958 when outbreaks of a pox-like disease occurred in monkeys kept for research. The first human case was recorded in 1970 in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), and since then the infection has been reported in a number of central and western African countries. Most cases are reported from the DRC and Nigeria. Contact tracing and investigations are ongoing to identify where and how the cases reported since 7 May acquired their infection.