Liverpool Crown Court heard Harry O'Brien was just 16 when he took charge of a teen crew behind three terrifying shootings and a firebombing. He also exploited fellow children and men nearly twice his age who carried out his bidding across Liverpool. Now he's been jailed for nine years and eight months, publication Liverpool Echo has won a legal battle to name O'Brien - and report the full extent of his callous crimewave. And previously unpublished photographs show the teenager flashing the spoils of his crimes. Yet they also illustrate the fear he brought to innocent families as he went to war with rivals in a campaign of wanton and brazen violence. O'Brien was living in Toxteth, Liverpool, when he first came to the attention of the law, at the age of just 12. He was arrested over riding electric scooters in the street and a conviction for a public order offence followed in 2017. Smoking cannabis was also at the heart of his early offending. A year later, having moved to Aigburth, Liverpool, he was caught with the drug and a black lock knife. In 2020, he was convicted of possessing cannabis and dangerous driving. He was placed on a Youth Rehabilitation Order, as the authorities tried to halt his descent into further criminality. It didn't work. By now he was described as the "head" of a "successful and lucrative business" selling cannabis on the streets of Dingle. The operation involved a "graft" phone line and dealers working late into the night on his behalf.  "Bulk" text messages, sometimes known as "flare" texts, were sent from his phones to up to 480 customers. This was often done by one of his "trusted lieutenants", Aaron Donohoe, but also by a man O'Brien later called upon to carry out a cowardly arson attack - Mohammed Mohammed. The texts advertised the different strains of cannabis available and the prices for different amounts. In one text then 19-year-old Donohoe told customers he was "on til 10" and in another he offered for sale: "Few qs 50s halfs 100er." On one occasion, O'Brien and another of his deputies, then 16-year-old Michael McClean delivered a rucksack full of cannabis to Donohoe by motorbike. The pair later stashed that bike and helmets at the flat of Nathan Kelly, then 27, who also agreed to look after and answer the graft phone. On another date, the same duo took a taxi to the home of Blaine Woods, then 28. They dropped off two and a half kilos of the drug, with an estimated street value of £24,000, which Woods agreed to store. O'Brien was making significant profits from his drug dealing - police would eventually seize nearly £20,000 in cash from him and his gang. And his influence was such that men more than a decade his senior were willing to store his illicit product and the tools of his trade.  The young gang leader was clearly ambitious. But his ambition drew him into a conflict that spiralled out of control and led to undercover police watching his every move. Liverpool Crown Court heard by the end of 2020, O'Brien had become involved in "some sort of dispute" with members of two families. They were named in court as the Franchettis and the Rosarios. Judge Neil Flewitt, QC, said he had no doubt all of the shootings and the arson attack that followed were "the manifestation of a feud". He said this feud was between O'Brien's gang and "others" with "whom they had a real or perceived grievance". The judge said the exact nature of the feud hadn't emerged in court. But he concluded the arson attack was organised by O'Brien "in pursuance of an ongoing dispute related to the commercial supply of cannabis". The firebombing was the culmination of a wave of attacks. As Judge Flewitt observed: "Unhappily, the lives of wholly innocent people, including young children, were put at risk by the callous and cowardly actions of all those involved in these incidents." O'Brien, now 17, was finally locked up last month. 