Meghan Markle officially joined the Royal Family in May 2018, but prior to joining the royal fold, Meghan was used to the limelight and was an actress in her own right. After joining the royal institution and settling into her new found role as the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan started to think that the "Royal Family needed her celebrity more then she needed them'. Speaking to 60 Minutes Australia, royal author Tina Brown discussed Meghan Markle's desire for "star power". Host Liam Bartlett said: "You write about the 2018 tour of Australia by Meghan and Harry, sort of a seminal moment for them when Meghan thought that the Royal Family needed her celebrity, more than she needed them". Ms Brown said: "That was something that puzzled the royal household tremendously. "Their tour oF Australia was a wild success, more successful than Kate and William's, in terms of crowds and the adulation. "She [Meghan] wanted to be able to talk about the causes that she cared about as her, as opposed to being a representative figure in the monarchy. READ MORE: ‘Glory!’ Queen pictured beaming as she’s presented with majestic rare horse She added: "There was a real sense of disappointment when she came home that somehow she was a star beyond, you know, anything one had seen before, except for Diana, really, on this tour". "I guess, it was the star power essentially that she felt now was bigger than what she was allowed to do in the monarchy". The couple relocated to America following their decision to step down from the Royal Family in January 2020. Despite losing their HRH status, the couple retained their Duke and Duchess of Sussex title. READ MORE: 'Great sports' Charles and Camilla knock back pints in Canada leaving locals ecstatic In order to ensure their financial independence, which is what they stated they wanted to gain in their official exit announcement, the couple signed a deal with Netflix and Spotify. Through the deal, Harry and Meghan were set to produce a range of content. Meghan was set to executive-produce the children's animated series Pearl on Netflix, which has since been axed by the streaming company. DON'T MISS 'Her memory is incredible' Royal chef lays bare Queen's sharp mind [INSIGHT] 'Loves it in French!' Queen sends menu back if chef makes an error [REVEAL]Platinum Jubilee: How to make your own bunting to celebrate Queen [INSIGHT] Prince Harry will be producing a docu-series focused on the Invictus Games. The couple attended the latest Invictus Games last month and were spotted with a filming crew in tow. Aside from these projects, Meghan is expected to launch her podcast Archetypes sometime this summer and Prince Harry has also announced that he is due to release a memoir in late 2022 through publishers Penguin Random House.