The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are to travel back to Britain this week to mark in person the Queen's historic Platinum Jubilee. Their return comes amid the publication of the results of YouGov's latest poll on the popularity of key members of the Royal Family, which suggests Meghan and Harry are not enjoying the favour of many Britons. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** An analysis of the answers given by those surveyed suggests Meghan and Harry's popularity in Britain has dropped further over the past few months. The YouGov poll – carried out on 1,692 GB adults asked between May 18 and 19 whether they held a positive or negative opinion of each of the key royals analysed – shows the Duke of Sussex's favourability score, has dropped to -26. This means 32 percent of the people surveyed see Harry in a positive light compared to 58 percent who think of him negatively. In a similar poll carried out between March 16 and 17, Harry had scored -25. Meghan's popularity has also dropped when comparing the most recent results of the YouGov poll to the one conducted in March. Her favourability score has gone from -39 to -42. Among the Britons interviewed by the pollster in May, only 23 percent said to have a positive opinion of the Duchess against 63 percent saying to have a negative one. People aged between 18 and 24 are more likely to see Meghan and Harry in a positive light. READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend marked with exciting ‘rare occurrence When taking into account only the young generation's answers to the survey, 42 percent of them see Harry positively against 33 percent of those who see him negatively, which brings to a net favourability score of +9. The gap narrows when considering Meghan's popularity among youngsters. 38 percent of those aged 18 to 24 said to have a positive opinion of the Duchess against 36 percent who see her negatively, with a net score of +2. Other generations are less keen on the Sussexes, with Harry and Meghan's favourability rate among people aged 25 to 49 being -4 and -20 respectively.  The rate slumps further into negative numbers when considering people aged from 50 to 64, with the Duke at -42 and the Duchess at -61. People aged 65 and over like Harry and Meghan the least, with their favourability rate at -65 and -79 respectively. While Meghan and Harry's popularity has sunk, the Queen remains firmly at the helm of the Firm not just when it comes to her role but also for her favourability rate. Eight in 10 of the Britons polled, 81 percent, said to have a positive opinion when it comes to Her Majesty. Only 12 percent of the surveyed said to have a negative opinion of her, bringing her favourability score to +69. The Queen is well-liked even among younger generations, with 60 percent of those aged between 18 to 24 holding a positive view of her. Prince William is the second-best performing royal among those analysed in this poll, with a favourability rate of +59. His wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, follows with a +55. The Prince of Wales, set to become King at the end of Her Majesty's reign, is at +19 while his wife is at +9. The poll's result was published as the country gears up for the beginning of a four-day-long bank holiday weekend filled with royal events to mark the 70 years of the Queen on the throne. The first event to kick off the Jubilee will be Trooping the Colour on the morning of June 2.