Vitamin B12 is needed to form red blood cells and DNA. It is also a key player in the function and development of brain and nerve cells. Vitamin B12 binds to the protein in the foods we eat. For many people, particularly vegans and vegetarians, having low levels of this vitamin is commonplace. When the body lacks vitamin B12 changes to skin, mouth and even hair may occur. The hair is made of a protein known as keratin. The bulb, which is located at the bottom part of the hair follicle, is made up of the fastest growing cells in the human body, dividing every 23 to 72 hours. At the base of the bulb is the papilla, which contains blood vessels. The main job of papilla is to connect the follicles to the body’s blood supply to deliver the oxygen and nutrients necessary for hair growth. Since vitamin B12 helps produce red blood cells, having enough of this vitamin is essential to hair growth and health. “Deoxyribonucleic acid, commonly known as DNA, is the information within each cell which carries the instructions for growth, development and functioning of all body cells, tissues and organs,” explained Medical News Today. The health site added: “When the cell reproduces, it must first make a copy of its DNA. “Hair growth is dependent on synthesis of DNA and adequate vitamin B12, among other nutrients.” When severely lacking in B12, this process is halted which in turn could lead to hair loss. Another reason behind B12 deficiency hair loss is the reduction of red blood cells which carry oxygen to the hair follicles. Some experts believe that if you try to circulate blood flow topically via a head massage, you can slow down the process of hair loss. Head massage with Ayurvedic herbs and essential oils help you curb hair loss by stimulating blood circulation to the nerve ends. Vitamin B12 is essential in making red blood cells that carry oxygen to the hair follicles, said Skin Kraft Labroraties. The health site states: “When vitamin B12 levels are low, your hair follicles may not be able to grow new hair as efficiently, resulting in hair loss.” A vitamin B12 deficiency can also cause symptoms of anaemia, which is associated with low iron levels, hair thinning, and hair loss. If you're young and have noticed your hair turning grey, it could be due to a vitamin B12 deficiency. According to research, vitamin B12 deficiency can lead to premature hair greying. In fact, vitamin B12 deficiency is one of the most common causes of prematurely greying hair. Researchers have noted that vitamin B12 deficiencies are often concurrent with folic acid and biotin deficiencies in people whose hair has started to turn grey early. “Premature greying may be reversed with vitamin B12 supplementation only if vitamin B12 deficiency is the cause,” says Medicine.net. The site added: “If you are greying due to other factors, such as genetics, zinc deficiency, medications, your grey hair cannot be reversed.”