The KUA26 Wildcat HMA2 ZZ414 issued the alert as it travelled between East Devon and Yeovil in south Somerset. The 7700 code indicates a "general emergency" and typically means an engineering issue with the aircraft.  It is not yet known why the 7700 signal was transmitted. The destination is not known. Writing for Flightradar24, Ken Hoke, a Boeing flight captain, explained “squawking” is a way of an aircraft declaring an emergency with traffic control, so they can receive on-the-ground assistance. He said: "If a crew resets their transponder to the emergency code of 7700 (squawking 7700), all air traffic control facilities in the area are immediately alerted that the aircraft has an emergency situation. "It’s up to the crew to let ATC know what the exact situation is. It may be an aircraft problem, medical issue, or something else. "In some cases, a crew may not elect to change their transponder to 7700 (it’s not required). If I’m talking to Chicago Approach and have a problem, I’ll tell them the problem, declare an emergency over the radio and get vectors to land immediately."  READ MORE: RAF emergency: Flight sounds 'Squawk' alert at 4,000ft over UK It comes after the UK Government dismissed reports it was planning to deploy Royal Navy warships to the Black Sea to help supplies of Ukrainian food leave Odesa. The UK said it has "no current plans" after the idea of a "protective corridor" from Odesa was raised by Lithuania's foreign minister Gabrielius Landsbergis with Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, The Times reported, with the potential for a "coalition of the willing" to provide ships. Globally important food supplies from Ukraine have been blocked since Vladimir Putin's forces invaded, with the Russian navy blockading Odesa.  DON'T MISS RAF emergency: Massive Airbus Voyager KC3 squawks '7700' [INSIGHT]Royal Navy to send warships to Black Sea and break grain blockade [INFO]Royal Navy 'suggested' for Black Sea role sparking Russia clash fears [WARNING] But a a UK Government spokesman said: "(Vladimir) Putin's despicable blockade of Odesa is preventing food getting to people who need it. "We will continue to work intensively with international partners to find ways to resume the export of grain from Ukraine. "However, there are no current plans to deploy UK warships to the Black Sea."