Jenny Ryan is best known for her formidable TV performances as the "Bolton Brainiac" on quiz show The Chase - but little did fans know that she has been pursuing another career avenue behind the scenes. The quick-witted star publicised her stand-up comedy debut in aid of Women and Children First on Twitter today, amid talk of the star reviving her halted singing career. "Surprise stand-up debut!" she announced to her 109,000 followers. She reposted an advert from the charity explaining how to access the show, titled Cracking Comedy, for 24 hours only on catch-up TV. "You have 24 hours to watch #crackingcomedy on @nextupcomedy with #jamesacaster, @MaisieAdam, @sindhuvfunny, @mrmikewozniak, @rocknrolga, @NathanCaton, @elf_lyons, @dnlfoxx and @VixLeyton," the ad read. "Plus the stand-up debut of Jenny Ryan, @jenlion from #thechase!" READ NOW: Jennifer Saunders says 'no one warned her' of ‘brutal’ health struggle Women And Children First UK describes itself as follows: "Amazing women are being empowered to help others survive and thrive. "Together in health groups they overcome their problems with life-saving ideas." Besides raising awareness and funds for the cause with her foray into stand-up, Jenny is also expected to make an appearance at the Clapham Grand this weekend for a very special show marking her 40th birthday. The event, titled the Choose Love Variety Show, is a cabaret performance in aid of a charity which supports the needs of refugees worldwide. After wowing Simon Cowell, Nicole Scherzinger and Louis Walsh, Jenny made it through to the final. Yet any hopes of pursuing a singing career were dashed when the lockdowns kicked in. She told MyLondon: "The X Factor was brilliant but unfortunately that old pandemic came in at just the wrong time for me to capitalise on it." The star added: "Unfortunately one of the mental health side effects of the pandemic for me in the lockdown was that I lost a bit of interest in music. "I didn’t even really enjoy listening to it." However, she is now hopeful that her cabaret show in London this weekend, which features drag queens and comedy acts, will be the perfect opportunity to re-introduce the public to her performance skills. "I assumed that I wasn’t going to be doing anything, that I was going to leave it to the professionals, but my co-producer has absolutely insisted and put me on the bill, and has decided that I'm going to be doing at least one number," she explained. "You never know, maybe a record producer will be in the crowd and demand that we record something together!"