Journalist, presenter and newsreader Fiona Bruce has been hosting the beloved series Antiques Roadshow since 2008. She has been the face of various shows including BBC News at Six, BBC News at Ten, Crimewatch and Question Time. The BBC daytime series sees experts travel up and down the country to value local people's precious belongings. Yes, the 58-year-old Antiques Roadshow presenter does have two children. Her eldest child is Sam who is now 23 and Fiona's daughter is called Mia, 19. Details on their professions and or education are unknown, with little information known about their lives. This was most likely a practical decision made by the family in order to give her children some sense of privacy away from the media spotlight. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood confirms engagement live on BBC Breakfast Fiona shares Sam and Mia with her 66-year-old husband Nigel Sharrocks who is a non-executive chairman of Digital Cinema Media. The advertisement company supplies ads to be shown at Odeon, Vue cinemas and Cineworld. The couple met at an advertising agency before tying the knot in 1994 in Islington before starting their family. Fiona has previously opened up about being a working mum, focusing on her career when their children were little. Good Housekeeping: "It was definitely helped by having the same nanny living with us for 20 years," she told Good Housekeeping. "She left when Mia finished her GCSEs, but she's a firm family friend. Did I spend enough time with my children? "I think scratch the surface of any working woman and she will always think, 'Probably not.' "I don't think there's such a thing as quality time with your children. I think it's quantity. "But there's never been any question that they take precedence over everything in my life, and always have done." DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah actually shot Wendy as fans spot key clue [THEORY]Antiques Roadshow guests gobsmacked by value of raindrop paintings [REACTION]Antiques Roadshow expert stunned over guest's Dalai Lama connection [EXPLAINER] On top of her presenting duties on Antiques Roadshow, Fiona fronts the topical debate show Question Time. She took over from David Dimbleby in 2019 after 25 years of him leading the often heated conversations on the BBC One show. Guests for this week's panel have not yet been announced but it will be returning with a new studio audience in Belfast. As for now, Fiona will be at the ready to present everyone's favourite daytime show. Antiques Roadshow will be back with another thrilling instalment on BBC One this week. The description reads: "The Roadshow returns to Woodhorn Museum in Northumberland, a former colliery that tells the story of coal mining and the miners’ way of life in the northeast of England. "Mark Smith hears the moving story behind a George Cross medal awarded to a miner who helped rescue the victims of a pit disaster in 1947, and Fiona  finds out how miners' lamps proved to be a vital piece of safety equipment." Antiques Roadshow continues every Tuesday at 8am on BBC One.