 Nick Knowles and the DIY SOS team headed to Corby to meet the Hutchison family and inspiring son Jordan Hutchison. Jordan has cerebral palsy and epilepsy and maintains an upbeat disposition. He has raised money for Children in Need and charity, but now, as a teenager, he wants to be able to do more things on his own. The Hutchinson family had a dream of designing the ideal house so Jordan could gain his independence, but after funds dwindled, they were left with an unliveable husk of a home.   Jordan currently lives with his parents, Jackie and Colin, and his siblings at his grandmother's house. As their dream home was far from completion, he was forced to sleep on an air bed while his parents shared rooms with the younger children. Host Nick and his team had their work cut out for them, but after the young man did so much for charity, he and the local community wanted to step up to the challenge and reward him for all of his hard work. Wanting to make their new property "accessible" and more "functional" Nick had nine days to transform their house from husk to home. Read More: 'Unforgettable' Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell on show As fans watching saw how much Jordan and his family had done for each other and the impact he has made on the local community, they couldn't thank the show's host enough for his fantastic home make-over. Alan Wiggins said: "The sooner Nick Knowles gets a knighthood the better #DIYSOS." @RomeoPapa60: "There is only one person for #diySOS the legendary @MrNickKnowles." Charlie Harden praised the family and said: "What a strong family, can't imagine how tough their lives have been #diysos." "Another incredible job by the @DIYSOS and @MrNickKnowles #DIYSOS," @Andiamluke commented. Diane Haywood thought the show spotlighted just how important carers are, and they themselves often need support. She said: "#DIYSOS Highlighting the need of Carers to have more support. "Carers, please check out @Afterumbrage who could help you to have a break. Everyone else, they would love any support you can offer. Thank you." DON’T MISS…NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [LATEST]Doctor Who boss explains how Ncuti Gatwa almost missed out on Time Lord role  [LATEST]The Chase replacement hopes for more screen time next season 'If the bosses are up for it'  [LATEST]  Father Colin is Jordan's primary carer and has saved his life a number of times when Jordan suffered epileptic seizures in his sleep. His mum Jacqueline isn't physically strong enough to help Jordan and works in a children's home, saving as much money as she can in order to finish their home. Hundreds of tradespeople and volunteers from Corby and across the UK came to help the DIY SOS team, and designer Gabrielle Omar was at the helm of designing everything they needed. On the reveal of their new home that was more open and spacious for Jordan, the family broke down into tears.    