Ally McCoist got very heated in an argument with Jamie O’Hara over the Manchester United players’ treatment of former interim manager Ralf Rangnick live on air. McCoist fumed at O’Hara, telling the former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder ‘I am not having it!’ and slammed the Red Devils players for not having any personal pride. The club announced on Sunday that Rangnick would not be continuing at Old Trafford as planned on a consultancy basis. Instead he will focus on managing Austria full-time after his role as interim boss came to an end. The German was unable to have a positive impact as United finished the season in sixth place. In response to O’Hara telling talkSPORT that the United players “Saw right through the manager, they downed tools and realised this season has been an absolute joke”, McCoist snapped back at O’Hara and said: “Listen to what you have just said there, you have actually just said ‘They saw the manager, so they downed tools’. Jamie, I don’t care, I am not having it, where is the personal pride? “There were managers I played under I didn’t particularly fancy, but I didn’t down tools. What is that all about? It shouldn’t happen, that is my point.” O’Hara replied: “But it happens. Players see through managers, they see through philosophies and they go ‘I am not having this’, and it doesn’t work, you lose the dressing room, and that’s where the manager gets the sack. “The problem was that he was an interim manager, so there was no point sacking him. They had to just wait until the end of the season. So in the end the season just became a joke, but they made the wrong decision at the start. They had a great manager that they should have got in Conte, but they were weak. “They were narrow-minded and weak-minded, the people in Manchester thinking that he wasn’t right for the football club. Conte would have guaranteed them top four, would have guaranteed them a trophy. Tottenham got him and look where Tottenham have got, and that group of players at Tottenham are nowhere near as good as the players Manchester United have got.” Both McCoist and O’Hara were visibly agitated as they argued over the United players’ treatment of Rangnick. He arrived in December, taking over from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, but oversaw a nightmare six months at the club. The former Red Bull chief will no longer be at United in the consultancy role that was agreed upon when he first took the managerial job, citing the demands of his new role as manager of Austria as the reason why he is quitting.