Manchester United staff feel John Murtough has to drive changes in personnel at the club given Erik ten Hag was his first choice to become their new manager, according to reports. The Red Devils will overhaul their squad in this summer’s transfer window. And many players are being linked as the end of the season creeps closer. Manchester United will be managed by Ten Hag next season after he beat the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique to land the post. And he’ll want the club to back him in the summer transfer window as they look to reel in the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. According to The Telegraph, United staff members feel behind the scenes that Murtough must be in charge of driving the changes. That’s due to the fact Ten Hag was his first choice to take over from Ralf Rangnick, who will become a consultant at the end of the campaign. Rangnick was also chosen by Murtough to take over following the brutal sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Yet that decision has backfired, with the club’s season going from bad to worse. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Ten Hag is said to be aware that while United need major changes, three signings will suffice for this summer. But who they end up going for is currently unclear. United have been linked with a plethora of players at the current moment in time, especially with so many squad members facing uncertain futures. Speaking recently, Rangnick insisted the club’s goalkeeping department was up to scratch. But with Dean Henderson and Lee Grant likely to leave, it’s possible the Red Devils will add their shot-stopping options. And Sam Johnstone is one player being eyed, with the West Brom star previously coming up through the club’s academy. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag In defence, United are open to making a signing at full-back. And that’s due to the erratic displays of the likes of Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Diogo Dalot and Alex Telles this term. Centre-back is another area United are targeting reinforcements for with Harry Maguire, Phil Jones and Eric Bailly all facing uncertain futures. In midfield, they’ll need to fill the voids left by the imminent departures of Juan Mata, Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba. And, up top, United want reinforcements to ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Meanwhile, as Ten Hag prepares to take over, Jaap Stam has backed the Dutchman to turn the club around. “At the moment they’re struggling,” said the former defender, who won the treble with the Red Devils in 1999. “You feel that – and that’s me being in Holland the majority of the time – everybody around the world is talking about United, how they’re playing and what they’re doing and that they want to have success. “Erik has been doing well in Holland and everybody knows that as well. That’s why he got the job at United of course. “We also need to understand that in the league in Holland the quality of the majority of teams is a lot less than how Ajax is but still you need to produce, so that’s still a very good thing that he’s done. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Now he’s been given the chance to try to do the same at United and hopefully he can do. “But he understands, and he knows as well, that the Premier League is totally different – the people, the press, the expectations, the pressure – to how it was in Holland. “For him that’s going to be a learning curve but it’s very important that the club and the owners are backing him up in terms of personnel. “United have got good players. Yeah, some of them might need to go but they need to bring in several other players as well, so they can get unity within that squad, play in a certain way. “The philosophy in how he wants to play is of course very important. That’s why they chose Erik. Hopefully he can show that.”