During a secret visit to the UK last month, Prince Harry reunited with his father and grandmother, Prince Charles and the Queen. However, he did not manage to see his older brother, Prince William, as he was on a family ski trip with his wife and children at the time. The brothers are understood to have not seen each other since July last year, when the princes came together to unveil a statue of their late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, on what would have been her 60th birthday. Reports of a rift between William and Harry have been rife since before Harry and his wife, Meghan Markle’s exit from the Royal Family two years ago. Now, a royal biographer has claimed that Harry held “resentment” towards his brother years before, and felt “dislodged” and “bitter” when William married Kate. Tina Brown, author of the new book ‘The Palace Papers’ told Washington Post Live that following Harry’s deployment from the Army, the Duke’s resentment increased and he began to feel “marginalised” within the Firm. She told the publication last week: “And of course, when William married Kate, as inevitably happens, you know, the brother feels a bit dislodged, right? “He felt a bit like Bridget Jones, like, you know, hanging around as the third — as the spare wheel. And it became tricky, even though he was very fond of Kate. “And he was desperate to get married, desperate, and he felt bitter, because unlike William who had found his love, you know, in the — in the sort of bubble of St Andrews University, unfortunately, Harry didn't. “He was in the army. It was much harder for him.” Ms Brown referred to Harry’s “serious girlfriends” who could not handle the pressure of dating a prince. The Duke met Chelsy Davy in 2004 and the pair began an on-off relationship that would last the next seven years. Chelsy eventually called off their relationship, having struggled to cope with the clamour surrounding their romance. In 2012, Harry started dating Cressida Bonas — their relationship lasted roughly two years until their split in 2014. It was reported that the pair’s amicable breakup was because Cressida wanted to focus on her acting career, though it was also speculated that the media scrutiny led to the end of their relationship. DON'T MISSPrincess Anne had press scared to ask simple question on outing [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry 'need to keep royal branding' to ensure 'relevance' [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [INSIGHT] Ms Brown said: “His first two girlfriends were driven away by the press, really, the two serious girlfriends, Chelsy Davy and Cressida Bonas — beautiful, fabulous young women, both of them, who Harry was mad about. “I mean, he could have easily married either of them, and it was thought that he might. Harry remained friends with both of his ex-girlfriends, with both Chelsy and Cressida attending his wedding to Meghan Markle in 2018. It is widely said that the breakdown of Harry and William’s relationship seeped into the public sphere when Harry and Meghan’s relationship began. Reports suggest that William warned his younger brother about the pace of his relationship with the now-Duchess. Ms Brown claimed that Harry found William’s comments “very aggravating” and felt “patronised” by his brother. Less than two years after Harry and Meghan’s wedding, the couple stepped down from their roles as senior royals. In March 2021, the Sussexes sat down for their now-infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey, during which the Duke said his brother and father were “trapped” in the monarchy. The couple claimed that they had left due to a “lack of support and understanding”. Their bombshell claims exposed a widening rift between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family, particularly within Harry’s relationships with his brother and father. More recently, the Duke of Sussex dodged a question about Charles and William. During a sit-down interview with NBC’s Hoda Kotb last month, Harry was asked whether he missed his brother and father. Harry stopped short of answering the question directly, and instead said he was focused on the competitors at the Invictus Games, pointing to a remaining rift between the princes.