Spring has arrived, and gardens across the UK are beginning to bloom. However, the combination of drizzly May showers and warmer days can also encourage the growth of weeds. Gardening experts at Lawn Love have shared homemade weed killers for gardeners to follow to rid their gardens of these unsightly plants. They said: “They are a blemish on an otherwise perfect lawn or garden, and worse, they’re persistent. “While manual weeding keeps them at bay, it’s a time consuming project and a major pain in the neck. “Nobody likes to spend hour after hour doubled over in their garden.” Herbicide can be a popular alternative, allowing gardeners to kill weeds by simply spraying a product from a bottle. However, they can be quite costly and many people despise using chemicals in their gardens. Luckily, with a few basic ingredients, gardeners could have the solution in their kitchen to kill those weeds in no time. READ MORE: ‘Highly effective’ 27p method to kill patio weeds - ‘works quickly’ For the “most effective” solution, the experts suggest combining white vinegar, salt and dish soap. They explained: “The most effective homemade option is a mixture of white vinegar, salt, and liquid dish soap. “Each of these ingredients has special properties that combine to kill weeds. “Both the salt and the vinegar contain acetic acid, which serves to dry out and kill the plants. “The dish soap, meanwhile, reduces the surface tension in the mixture so that the liquid enters the pores of the leaves rather than remaining harmlessly on the surface. “For a healthy supply of this man-made concoction, mix a gallon of white vinegar, one cup of salt, and one tablespoon of dish soap. “Make sure it is properly stirred, then put the mixture in a spray bottle for easy use.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Cheapest’ way to clean washing machine seals - ‘amazing!’ [TIPS]House prices: Most and least expensive homes sold in the UK [INSIGHT]Cleaning: ‘Most effective’ way to clean washing machine drawers [EXPERT] Gardeners can stash the bottle in their house for repeated use. For the mixture to be “truly effective”, it is best to wait for a bright, clear afternoon, the experts said. They added: “On a sunny day, the effect of the weed killer should be evident in a few hours. “You’ll likely notice the leaves of the weeds turning brown. “The leaves should get darker and darker before eventually burning and withering away.” One downside of this homemade weed killer is that it does not seep down into the roots of the weeds like some chemical products do. This means that some tougher weeds might survive the initial onslaught. Be prepared to make multiple passes over your garden over the course of a few days to really kill the weeds. Lemon juice also has acidic qualities that can help kill weeds. What’s more, if gardeners mix it with white vinegar it can be “especially potent”. The gardening pros said: “Like the mixture described above, it will not attack the roots of the plants, but burns the leaves when applied on a sunny day. “The withering of the leaves might take a day or two, so be prepared to show a little patience. Gardeners after an even simpler method could use boiling water to kill weeds. The experts explained: “This is especially effective for areas like the cracks in pavement, as you can toss the water on and avoid doing damage to anything fragile nearby. “What makes this solution so magical is its simplicity. “There is really nothing more to it than boiling water on the stove and tossing it on the weeds.” Boiling water can of course be dangerous, so exercise extreme caution. Hold the pot far away from you as you pour, and avoid wearing sandals in case the water spills or drips.