The political commentator said that trade arrangements covering Northern Ireland agreed in 2019 between the UK and EU were signed because Britain had "no other option". Mr Murray, who founded the Centre for Social Cohesion, said: "Back then the EU and others were desperately trying to break up the UK in order to punish us for Brexit." He added: "They seemed to think that if they split our country up or pretended that it was impossible to solve the customs border issue we might accept we’d been wrong in 2016 and re-join the EU. "It was a disgraceful stance." Mr Murray's comments come ahead of the Government laying out steps to reform elements of the protocol that have placed economic barriers on the movement of goods from Great Britain to Northern Ireland. In a statement to parliament, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said planned legislation would ease the movement of goods, apply Britain's tax regime in Northern Ireland and hand London more say over the laws governing the province.  She told lawmakers the legislation would not break international law and would only be brought in over the coming weeks. The Foreign Secretary emphasised the Government's desire to press on with talks with Brussels to try to find a negotiated solution. Despite EU warnings over taking unilateral action, the new law would change parts of the protocol. European negotiator Maros Sefcovic said Brussels would respond with all measures at its disposal if London took unilateral action, describing it as not acceptable.   READ MORE ABOUT A SMART METER WARNING Secretary of State for Northern Ireland Protocol Brandon Lewis said ahead of Ms Truss's announcement on Tuesday, May 17, that the deal should retain the region's unfettered access to the EU single market. Mr Lewis said the aspect of the protocol enabling traders in the region to sell without restriction into the European market provided Northern Ireland with a "unique" economic benefit. Hard-line unionist opponents of the protocol insist the province should be placed on the same footing as the rest of the UK when it comes to trade, regardless of the advantages or disadvantages of different arrangements. They insist that is a fundamental tenet of the 1800 Acts of Union that created the United Kingdom.   DON'T MISS: Agnetha Fältskog health: ABBA star on the band's 'ailments' [REVEALED] Energy crisis deepens as UK turns away critical supplies [LATEST] Dan Walker spurned by Sally Nugent as she refuses to appear in video [REPORT] Mr Murray, writing in The Sun, said that the protocol was signed to make sure the UK acted on the Brexit vote. He explained that the Government was in a bind in 2019, adding that after three years of deadlock, the UK was in a constitutional crisis. Mr Murray, 42, said that not only could the Government not get Parliament to vote on a Brexit deal, there were also plots to form a replacement Government which could have led to the UK staying in the bloc. He added: "If that had happened, our country would have descended into chaos.  "So it was right for the Government to sign the deal in 2019. Imperfect though the deal was. Mainly because it effectively left Northern Ireland in the EU customs union. "But it is equally right that today the Government changes that part of the agreement. "No other country would agree to being sliced up in this way by foreign powers." Speaking in the Commons, Ms Truss told parliament to jeers from the opposition: "I am announcing our intention to introduce legislation in the coming weeks to make changes to the protocol."  "Our preference remains a negotiated solution with the EU and in parallel with the legislation being introduced, we remain open to further talks." She added that Britain did not want to scrap the protocol, just to deliver on its "objectives". It comes after Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Monday, May 16, that the Government needed an "insurance" option to be able to unilaterally override some post-Brexit trade rules because the protocol, as it is, was threatening a hard-won peace in the province. 