Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) and Jack Sheridan’s (Martin Henderson) rollercoaster romance will continue in the fourth season of Virgin River which is now penned to release on July 20 on Netflix. However, while Mel’s pregnancy and paternity mystery will undoubtedly take centre stage, a number of first-loo images tease big waves in the romance world for the likes of Preacher (Colin Lawrence). Preacher has had far from a smooth ride of things when it comes to his love life during three seasons of Virgin River so far. After lighting a spark with bakery owner Paige (Lexa Doig) back in season one, he soon found himself at the centre of a chaotic and murderous plot. Paige had been on the run with her son Christopher (Chase Petriw) to escape from abusive ex Wes (Steve Bacic) but he still eventually managed to track her down. Paige inadvertently killed Wes, prompting Preacher to help her cover up the crime and it resulted in her going AWOL once again and the Virgin River chef left to look after Christopher. READ MORE: Virgin River season 4 leak: Fans in meltdown as release date emerges However, Wes’ brother Vince (also Bacic) had made his way to Virgin River by the time season three ended and Preacher and Christopher’s safety hung in the balance. The last fans saw of Preacher, he had been drugged and left in the wilderness while Vince hid in the darkness at Connie’s (Nicola Cavendish) tom for his nephew. But now season four has been confirmed and a number of first-look images released, it looks like Preacher will be back on his feet. Not only that, but one image suggests Preacher will be moving on with local resident Julia (Lucia Walters). While the development in Preacher’s arc is enough to excite fans, there’s an added bonus as Lawrence and Walters are real-life husband and wife. The Virgin River pair tied the knot way back in 1999 and the duo share two daughters together. In a preview snap, Preacher and new flame Julia are shown sharing a toast in the sun on presumably a date. Virgin River’s Lawrence shared the image to his Instagram with the caption: “How about we toast to season 4 of @virginriverseries dropping July 20th on @netflix?” DON'T MISS:Virgin River’s Mel star pens support as crew member lands new roleVirgin River’s Brie was almost played by a different actorVirgin River fans expose Paige and Christopher's 'weird' escape plan Needless to say, it didn’t take long for fans to be reply with their excitable messages at seeing the husband and wife duo on-screen. Instagram user @virginriverseriesfan replied: “Finally! So excited! - and how cool is it to work with you're real life partner! @colinlawrence97 @luciawalters_.” Fan account @virgin_river_moments echoed: “So excited to see Preacher meeting someone else and that someone else being @luciawalters_.” While @aggie__81 weighed in: “Omg, can’t wait. That is just the best news!!!” “Is Lucia joing the cast? Now I really can't wait til July 20th.......anticipation!!” @yodda08 added. While Instagram user and Virgin River fan @murielhofman6 commented: “Thats fantastic! Can hardly wait. Cheers.” (sic) Lucia’s CV boasts roles in The CW’s The 100, Syfy’s Day of the Dead, and big screen flicks Smallville and Mission to Mars. Virgin River season 4 premieres on Netflix on July 20.