An ex-lover or old friend you’ve lost touch with who has been on your mind will somehow find you again. News they want to share will take you by surprise. You won’t like the sound of some gossip that’s going round. Ignore it and it will go away without the person who is the target of these rumours ever knowing about it.  You’re tempted to go on a spending spree as you do enjoy and appreciate the occasional luxury. Are you neglecting domestic expenditures in favour of personal needs? Just as if you keep returning to an online gambling account, keep gambling money separate from essential outgoings.  You’re grateful for other people’s support and for the help they have given you in the past. You know they would drop everything if you needed them but it’s important for you to prove you can manage on your own. You are more determined than ever to stand on your own two feet.  A visit from in-laws or some other relatives may leave you with something to think about. Before taking on further commitments, consider your health and general well-being. You try to please everyone on top of fulfilling your own obligations but would a less stressful and more relaxed lifestyle not make you feel healthier and happier? You’re about to move in new directions and you need to adjust your lifestyle accordingly. Moves for the better need to start with your closest relationships and on your own home ground. It will take time for loved ones to adapt to new ideas. You want to be active and to feel you are making productive use of your time. You need to have something important to do. If you feel restless within your own four walls, get out and about. There will be plenty going on in your local community to keep you occupied and satisfied.  Now you have had a chance to think about it you realise you have been impulsive in ending a relationship or joint arrangement. You might reach out to someone from your past to suggest meeting up again, even if just to talk. More importantly: to say you are sorry. If a relationship isn’t as loving or passionate as you would like it to be, don’t give up yet. Give it time. Most things in your life are looking up. At least one hope you have relating to your career will soon be granted. You’re keen to support an organisation devoted to improving your community. You will become increasingly restless if you’re stuck in the one place. Dreams of travelling and discovering the wide blue yonder can come true but it’s up to you to take the initiative. Just be sure to clear dates with your employer before booking a holiday.  You will be keen to contact someone who has information you need to know about a recent incident. Are you single and thinking about rekindling an old romance? You broke up for a reason. Remind yourself of that now. Get back together again and history will repeat itself.  Someone who owes you money will be slow to pay you back. If this is a large sum and they seem to think you will forget about it, it may be necessary to get a solicitor’s advice. Opportunities related to writing, teaching and research could bring in an additional source of income.  If all you do is think about it and dream about a better future, nothing is going to happen if you don’t make an effort. Whether you want to travel, start a relationship or get a new job, the important thing is to set the wheels in motion. 