Reverend Jenny Kilgour, who has hosted Viktoria at their home Cullomton, near Exeter, Devon, on a series of language exchange scheme visits, has outlined the maze of box ticking she has had to go through in her failed efforts to secure a visa for 17-year old Victoria Koval. Rev Kilgour’s efforts to offer her home to Viktoia Koval, a law student from Vinnytsia, southwest of Kyiv, began almost as soon as Russia invaded Ukraine when she messaged the family offering her home “from your grandmother in Ukraine” which she shares with her son and his wife and their children. Rev Kilgour has since been in contact with her council, the Ukrainian Embassy in London, a range of  government departments, 65 MP’s, including her own, recently resigned Neil Parrish MP, barristers, refugee charities and Richard Harrington, the Minister for Refugees. In the latest blow Rev Kilgour was informed via email from an MP who had taken an interest in the case that Viktoria’s visa application had been declined because the Ukrainian government did not allow “unaccompanied minors” to enter the UK “without the consent of Ukraine.” Reverend Kilgour wrote to the Ukrainian Embassy for clarification and last week received its written confirmation that Ukrainian authorities do not routinely block visa applications for unaccompanied minors. It stated: “Hereby we confirm that the Ukrainian authorities don’t block visa applications for unaccompanied minors. The permission signed by parents and certified by notary authorities or city council in Ukraine, the guardianship service, is sufficient for minors to travel out of Ukraine during martial law in Ukraine.” Viktoria first applied for a visitors visa on 6th March online. On 17 March - after an earlier appointment was cancelled - she travelled to a visa application centre in Moldova - a 6 hour round trip - to have her biometric verification confirmed. On 18 March the government’s Homes for Ukraine sponsorship scheme was launched and she also applied under that scheme. She has not heard from any agency - either from the visa department or home office - and has received no explanation. Mrs Kilgour, a former army nurse said: “This has been all consuming for the last eight weeks. All we want is to comply with her parents wish and offer Viktoria a safe place with a loving family that she knows well. We have an established relationship with her and yet we have faced endless blocks. It feels as though every time we make some progress something else comes up.” She says her granddaughters - Sophia 15, and Elisia,12 have been badly affected.“Sophia was distressed enough to write to 65 MP’s,” she said, “Elisia 12 is not sleeping properly.” She added: “I understand the need for safeguarding, but I thought the consent of the parents and my consent would be sufficient. Each day we watch the news and see the horrors happening. Viktoria is like a granddaughter to me and a sister to my grandchildren. How awful to be hiding in a basement because the sirens are going and really not knowing what will happen next. It's all I think about. When I wake up at two in the morning I check my phone for messages about it. We work on it every day. We have had criminal record checks done and cleared - we seem to be doing everything we are supposed to do and it's not enough. It's desperate. “It makes me shudder to think of all the other youngsters in Ukraine waiting to be granted visas that will ensure their safety. We still don’t know if we will ever be able to get Viktoria to safety which is desperately sad for everyone.” 