A warm plume of air moving towards Britain from Europe could send temperatures skyrocketing next week, with highs of 25C predicted for London on Wednesday (May 11). As temperatures on the continent begin to climb over the coming days, the south and southeast of England will feel the best of the weather front, with the mercury set to edge past the highs of 23C seen over Easter weekend last month. Jim Dale, senior forecast at British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk: “The near continent is getting hot and we're getting a little bit of that warmth into London that will give us the warmest day of the year so far next week. “We get a frontal system that comes in around Tuesday to Wednesday. It rides up over the north, giving them some rain, but underneath that, you've got a warm plume moving up from France and Spain. “When we get to Wednesday, [we could see] 25 degrees in London. It continues into the following days.” The southeast of England including London, northwest Kent and East Anglia are predicted to enjoy the warmest conditions, with the mercury forecast to stay between 23C-25C on Wednesday and Thursday. Temperatures are expected to beat the scorching 23.4C recorded at St James’s Park in London last month over the long Easter weekend.  Mr Dale said the “drag of warm air” coming off the continent from countries such as Belgium, Holland and France will bring high pressure which will leave conditions “starting to feel a bit more summerlike” as May gets underway. Meanwhile, cool air pushing into the north of the country will keep temperatures relatively low, with single digits of between 8C - 9C possible in the northwest of Scotland. Parts of the north of England, Northern Ireland and Scotland may also see scattered showers and cloud cover, with humid conditions threatening some “thundery-type showers” in some areas. Mr Dale said: “Over the next two weeks, the northwest will be the cooler. It is definitely a broadly northwest-southeast split for the next fortnight. “Most of the rainfall will be in northwest Scotland Northern Ireland a bit in north-west England while the relative drought in the south will more or less continue.”  READ MORE: UK hot weather forecast: 20C blast to hit in DAYS Britons eager for a taste of summer will not have long to wait, with temperatures predicted to start climbing in the latter half of this week. Highs of 21C are forecast in parts of southeast England on Thursday and Friday with 22C possible for London, while the mercury will hover around 17C - 18C in much of the UK. However, conditions are set to cool off over the weekend before hotting-up again next week, with some rain and showers predicted for the north and northwest while it will remain dry in much of the UK. Mr Dale said: “It’s a bit cooler at the weekend but it’s still pleasantly warm.” The Met Office said on Monday that the UK could see a record-breaking hot summer this year as temperatures begin to climb.  DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: 'We're ready' Zelensky braced for Belarus onslaught [LIVE]Xi sends furious warning to NATO as China ‘backs Putin’ [BREAKING]Putin in 'huge blow' as EU announces COMPLETE ban on Russian oil [LATEST] According to the forecaster’s three-month summer forecast released this week, the chances of “hot weather” are more than double those of other years. The Met Office stated: “There is an increase in the likelihood of warmer-than-average conditions in the month ahead. “Predictions are consistent in suggesting an increase in the likelihood of temperatures being above average overall. “While this doesn’t necessarily mean heatwaves will occur, it does increase the likelihood of heatwaves compared to normal.” Mr Dale said that while next week’s hot weather will not be the start of a “prolonged heatwave”, the “spells of warm to very warm weather” will “feel like summer rather than spring”. 