The eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson has taken part in a number of royal events over the past few weeks. Beatrice is one of the members of the Firm who has been stepping in for the Queen at events while the 96-year-old sovereign is suffering from episodic mobility issues. And, according to royal author Ingrid Seward, the young royal is happy to be able to support her grandmother despite not being a full-time member of the Firm. Mr Seward told FEMAIL: "Princess Beatrice is a lovely person and I imagine she wants to help her grandmother as much as she can. "She has a baby but has a top Norland nanny to take over when necessary. "So I think she enjoys doing royal events with her husband and has the ability and wherewithal to do them." Just this month, the princess took part in three key royal events. On May 11, she headed to Windsor with her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi to attend the preview performance of A Gallop Through History. This spectacle, comprising more than 500 horses and 1000 performers, took viewers on a journey through the past 500 years of British history, from the reign of Queen Elizabeth I to the UK's current sovereign. The show, the first major event marking the Platinum Jubilee, celebrated the monarch's love for horses as well as her commitment to duty and country. READ MORE: Meghan fights back tears as Duchess honours 21 killed at Texas school The monarch watched the performance in person on the closing night of the event, taking place just a few-minute drive away from Windsor Castle. On Wednesday, Beatrice stepped in once again alongside other members of the Firm to represent the Queen during Buckingham Palace's third and last garden party of the season. The royal, who donned an elegant £320 Self Portrait check dress with a matching headband, met guests at the party alongside Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Prince William, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and the Earl and Countess of Wessex. Beatrice also attended an event alongside the Queen on Monday, when royals stepped out to visit the Chelsea Flower Show. The princess was accompanied once again by Edoardo, who was photographed smiling while visiting some of the gardens on display and speaking to gardeners. The Palace confirmed last minute the monarch would also join her relatives at this yearly and much-anticipated event she has been attending since she was a princess. And she did so aboard a golf buggy, which allowed her to comfortably tour the exhibition and meet as many guests and experts as possible. Due to her mobility issues, the monarch has been forced to miss several important events over the past months, including the reception at COP26, the Commonwealth Day service and the State Opening of Parliament. Despite holding the title of princess and the HRH style, both Beatrice and her sister Eugenie have never been working members of the Firm. However, they have at times supported the monarch by appearing at garden parties and other royal events and are traditionally among the guests at major engagements and gatherings open to the wider family - including Trooping the Colour or services of thanksgiving. This year, due to the Queen's decision to allow only senior royals on the Buckingham Palace balcony on June 2, Beatrice and Eugenie won't watch the parade and the flypast alongside the monarch and their close relatives. Princess Beatrice's husband Edoardo debuted at a major royal gathering on Christmas Day 2019, when he joined his then-girlfriend and many royals for the traditional service at St Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham. The property developer and the princess married in July 2020 at the small All Saints Chapel in Windsor. Their wedding was attended only by a handful of people, including the Queen and Prince Philip, in accordance with the coronavirus restrictions in place at the time. In September last year, Beatrice gave birth to her daughter, Sienna Elizabeth, whose second name is a tribute to the Queen.