Jennifer Lopez had worked with Ray Liotta on the police drama series Shades of Blue and when news broke of his death, she was one of the first to share her memories of the "compelling" actor. Taking to Instagram in his honour, the 52-year-old shared with her 210 million followers just what made him so special to her. "Ray was my partner in crime on Shades of Blue," she told the world. "The first thing that comes to mind is he so was kind to my children." "Ray was the epitome of a tough guy who was all mushy on the inside … I guess that’s what made him such a compelling actor to watch." Referring to his gangster role in the mafia film which made him a household name, she dubbed him the "original Goodfella". READ NOW: Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague Sharing a slideshow of pictures documenting the clearly emotional relationship between the pair while filming, she admitted: "We shared some intense moments on set those three years." "When I first heard he took the job on Shades of Blue I was thrilled," she continued. "And the first time we walked on set to do our first scene together there was an electric spark and a mutual respect and we both knew this was going to be good. "We enjoyed doing our scenes together and I felt lucky to have him there to work with and learn from." Jennifer and Ray had both played police detectives on the NBC series, which aired between 2016 and 2018. She added: "Like all artists he was complicated, sincere, honest and so very emotional. "Like a raw nerve, he was so accessible and so in touch in his acting and I will always remember our time together fondly.” The Latin-American singer and actress concluded: "We lost a great today … RIP RAY." (sic)  She finally added: "It’s so sad to lose you what seems way to soon … I will remember you always. (sic) "Sending so much love and strength to your daughter Karsen, your family and all your loved ones.” Ray has left many fans devastated today due to his sudden and very unexpected death. The star's cause of death has yet to be reported. Ray is said to have died in the Dominican Republic while filming movie Dangerous Waters. He is best known for his roles as Henry Hill in Goodfellas, Shoeless Joe Jackson in Field of Dreams and Tommy Vercetti in the video game, Grand Theft Auto: Vice City. Ray had a tumultuous early life, spending the first six months of life in an orphanage after he was abandoned by his mother. However he went on to enjoy a glittering acting career.