The NHS says: "Parkinson's disease is a condition in which parts of the brain become progressively damaged over many years." You should see your GP if you're concerned you may have symptoms of Parkinson's disease. It's thought around one in 500 people are affected by Parkinson's disease, with men being slightly more likely to get Parkinson's disease than women.   Parkinson’s UK says: “You may notice the way you write words on a page has changed, such as letter sizes are smaller and the words are crowded together. “A change in handwriting may be a sign of Parkinson's disease called micrographia.” Nonetheless, the charity says it is normal that sometimes writing can change as you get older, if you have stiff hands or fingers or poor vision. The organisation explains: “Handwriting can change as you age, especially if you have stiff hands or fingers, from arthritis or another condition, or if you have poor vision.” READ MORE: High cholesterol: The warning signs in your body pointing to ‘excess cholesterol’   It adds: “However, small, cramped handwriting – called micrographia – is characteristic of Parkinson’s and is frequently one of the early symptoms. “In addition to words being generally small and crowded together, the size of handwriting might get smaller as you continue to write.” Parkinson’s UK says: “Micrographia is caused by the same processes in the brain that lead to other movement symptoms of the disease. “In addition, those symptoms – slowness of movement, tremor, rigidity – can all make it harder to write.” DON'T MISS:  It states: “Over time, your handwriting may change, as may your signature. If you or a loved one notices a change in your signature, it is a good idea to document your changes in signature over time.” The NHS says the three main symptoms of Parkinson's disease are: “A person with Parkinson's disease can also experience a wide range of other physical and psychological symptoms,” it adds.   The health body says these include: The NHS adds: “Although there's currently no cure for Parkinson's disease, treatments are available to help reduce the main symptoms and maintain quality of life for as long as possible.”  The NHS says: “See a GP if you're concerned that you may have symptoms of Parkinson's disease. “They'll ask about the problems you're experiencing and may refer you to a specialist for further tests.” Parkinson’s UK also notes: “Sometimes, Parkinson's drugs can cause problems that some people confuse with symptoms of Parkinson's. “These problems may actually be side effects of Parkinson's drugs you are taking.” 