Celebrations to mark the monarch's Platinum Jubilee are set to begin on Thursday, June 2. Due to the Queen's ongoing health struggles, the Queen's attendance at any event will only be confirmed on the morning of each prospective outing. Speaking on 5 News, The Sunday Times royal editor Roya Nikkhah discussed the 96-year-old's upcoming possible appearances. 5 News' royal correspondent Simon Vigar asked Ms Nikkhah: "How many events do you think Her Majesty will be able to go to?" Ms Nikkhah replied: "I think, realistically, we are going to see her, hopefully, twice on Thursday at Trooping of the Colour on the balcony at Buckingham Palace, not at horses guards. "Then, again, on Friday at [the] Service of Thanksgiving". She added: "As I said on Sunday, in The Sunday Times, it's unlikely now we're going to see her at the Epsom Derby". READ MORE: Princess Eugenie in shock move to Portugal as Harry and Meghan prepare for Frogmore return Ms Nikkhah said: "I think she feels she needs to pace herself", adding, "and that will be a step too far". She continued: "There's a possibility, on Sunday at the finale for the pageant, which finishes here, we might get to see her here on the balcony again with some of her family. "But that's not guaranteed". Due to ill health, particularly mobility issues, the Queen has increasingly delegated some of her royal duties to other senior members of the Royal Family in recent months. READ MORE: Royal courtiers working tirelessly to remove flashpoints as 'Sussex bomb' about to drop The monarch was forced to cancel her appearance at the State Opening of Parliament earlier this month. As a result of absence, Prince Charles delivered the Queen's Speech on his mother's behalf. The heir to the throne was joined at the event by his eldest son William, who attended for the first time. DON'T MISS On May 6, Buckingham Palace announced in a statement that the Queen would only be surrounded by working royals for the balcony appearance. Joining the Queen will be Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, as well as their three children. Prince Edward, Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, and their children, as well as Princess Anne and the Queen's cousins, are also tipped to appear on the balcony. Absent will be Prince Harry, Meghan, Archie, and Lilibet, as well as Prince Andrew.