Taylor, 22, had acne when she was a young teen, but it cleared when she was around 16. However, the stress caused by an abusive relationship brought the acne back two years later, when Taylor was 18 and had left school. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Taylor said: “My acne came back with a vengeance, but this time it was cystic, which is more than just normal teen acne. “My dermatologist told me that the emotional stress I was in due to my relationship was most likely the reason for my adult cystic acne. “At one stage my cystic acne was so bad, I had almost every single inch of my face covered in deep red cysts.” This rocked Taylor’s confidence, especially as “everyone else’s acne had cleared up”. READ MORE: Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda She continued: “I didn’t even want to leave the house. “People would look at me funny, kids would ask questions such as ‘do you have chicken pox?’ “People even made comments like ‘God, isn’t that painful?’ and ‘have you ever tried Clearasil?’ “Even if nobody was looking or speaking, I would be worrying they were. It was horrible.”  Although Taylor had always practised “such a thorough skin care routine” every morning and night, the cystic acne had still developed. “It seemed incredibly unfair,” she said. “At 19, I was referred to a dermatologist through my doctor, so the experts could help me as my acne was getting worse and worse. “They put me on everything from lymecycline and zineryt to duac cream, and finally at the end of last year I took a course of Accutane last summer. I was on it for four months.” Taylor explained that Accutane was the only treatment that “had any effect at all”, but “the side effects were so awful that I didn’t want to take another course”. “Despite all the nasty side effects like very dry eyes and skin, hair loss, nosebleeds, as well as some fairly drastic weight loss, my skin still didn’t clear as much as I expected it to,” she said. “I’m normally one of the bubbliest, most confident people you could meet, but when my acne was bad my anxiety levels were through the roof and I’d lose all my confidence.” The 22-year-old broke up with her boyfriend, but he went on to post photos of her online. “He [my ex] knew how insecure I was about my acne so he created an Instagram account full of pictures of me with no make-up on and started to follow all my followers,” Taylor recalled. “It was called ‘Real life Taylor’ and it was not a nice thing to have happen to me. “This lead me to being diagnosed with BDD (Body Dysmorphic Disorder) at the start of 2021. I hated my face so much that I used to stare at it for hours. I thought I was so ugly.” However, in May 2021, Taylor found a treatment that worked, boosting her self-confidence. “I’m so grateful that I discovered Clarol Silver Serum through another acne sufferer who follows me on my Instagram, where I share a lot of acne advice with others,” she said. “Without this product I think I’d have lost all hope.” Taylor now uses the serum every morning and evening – she explained it is the only product she uses as “I found overusing products actually negatively impacted my skin”. “I feel for the first time in my life I’m able to look at my skin and love it,” the 22-year-old said. “Despite the scars and the few spots that are still lurking around I feel like a long hard battle has finally been won and I love myself and my skin for surviving it.” Taylor added that she “is just the happiest person ever now”. “I’m comfortable to go out of the house with no make-up on – in fact, I don’t even wear any face make up such as foundation when I go to work these days,” she said. “Nobody can bring me down these days.” Taylor documents her skin journey on @taylorr_setters.