According to La Chaine Meteo, a hot spell of weather "more intense than this week" is going to spread through France from Sunday onwards. While the forecaster warned thunderstorms are likely to occur, the weather is also set to be "hot and heavy" with "very mild nights". It said: "A heatwave, more intense than this week, is going to extend to France from Sunday and next week. "Only thunderstorms, rather over the north, will be able to temper these high temperatures sometimes. "The nights will also remain very mild. "Thunderstorms will return this weekend with a marked rise in temperatures from the south. "They will be more widespread on Sunday up to Normandy. "Locally strong, they will remain too scattered to provide any beneficial watering. According to European news outlet Linternaute, France will see a "new heat peak" this weekend. It added: "Beware, temperatures are already starting to rise again this weekend. "Get ready to be hot! How long will this heat peak last? "Is the summer of 2022 going to be scorching? What are the forecasts? "Good news, the heatwave that started at the beginning of the week made a short pause Thursday and Friday to come back this weekend and continue until the beginning of next week, with a very heavy and uncomfortable feeling according to the forecasters of La Chaîne Météo. "If sunbathers are delighted with this first heat peak, farmers are worried. "With these strong heats, the risk of drought grows, and several departments are under alert." DON'T MISS: BBC Weather: Brits warned 'longer spell of rain' set to hit UK [ANALYSIS]Scorching 33C French plume to smash Britain with early summer hot air [REPORT] UK heatwave: Britain set to bake on 'hottest day of the year' [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, temperatures in Belgium will reach 30C this weekend, according to La Chaine Meteo. Netweather forecaster Nick Finnis warned the UK will experience heavy showers and thunderstorms as an "elevated plume of warm and moist air spreads north out of France", hitting England. He added: "The models have been indicating the potential for some heavy showers or even some thunderstorms to move up from the south across parts of England and Wales over the weekend. "Although high pressure will bring a fine end to the week across the south and brings more widespread fine weather on Saturday, as the high drifts north across the U.K., the high will retreat far enough northeast by Sunday to allow an amplifying upper trough over the Atlantic to make further inroads towards the UK from the west. "This will allow an elevated plume of warm and moist air to advect NE across western Europe as the flow backs - reaching southern England by Sunday. "Showers and perhaps some thunderstorms are forecast to develop along the ‘nose’ of the plume as it moves up across southern England Saturday night, though there is still some uncertainty to the extent of destabilisation on the NW side of the plume across northern France, the English Channel and southern England." Weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted maximum temperatures to reach 32C in France near Bordeaux on Sunday. Highs of 28C are expected near Toulouse, while Paris is set to see highs of 25C.