It was announced last week that Meghan Markle, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, will be returning to British soil next month. The couple, along with their two children Archie and Lilibet, will be attending some celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. A statement from a spokesperson said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are “excited and honoured” to make the trip and join in the festivities taking place in June. Despite being on British soil for the occasion, the couple won’t take their place alongside other members of the Royal Family on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the iconic RAF flypast. Normally members of the Firm join the monarch for the tradition and photo opportunity which takes place following Trooping the Colour - Her Majesty’s official birthday parade. A statement released by the Palace noted that the monarch had “after careful consideration” decided she would only be joined by working members of the Royal Family. After quitting royal duties in 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex do not make the cut. Also, sidelined from the occasion is Prince Andrew, who stepped down from duties in 2019. News of the couple’s return to the UK for the Jubilee and news that they were snubbed from the balcony appearance was met with a mixed response from royal fans. Kinsey Schofield, the founder of Los Angeles-based royals site ToDiForDaily.com, commented on the negative response it prompted from some royal watchers. It was met with trepidation from some in particular in light of the claims made by Meghan and Harry about the Royal Family during their bombshell TV interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. Ms Schofield, who has worked in public relations for over 10 years, claims that while Harry and Meghan visiting for celebrations may have caused “anger” among royal fans, it is “very likely” that it’s the monarch’s “sentimental wish” they are acting upon. READ MORE: Meghan to launch new fightback after Netflix dropped Pearl show She points out that the Her Majesty's decision to have the Sussexes at the events will also provide her with the opportunity to meet young Lilibet ‘Lili’ Diana for the first time. It could also give her the chance to provide “peace within the family” as the monarchy evolves, she claims. She told Express.co.uk: “I know that some royal watchers are angry about these new developments but this is very likely the Queen’s sentimental wish. “I firmly believe that she wants peace within the family before Prince Charles becomes King. “I know she is eager to meet her great-granddaughter so this should be a special time for her.” DON'T MISS Queen's absence from Parliament saddens fans 'not ready' for future [INSIGHT]Platinum Jubilee celebration: Schedule as Queen honoured by celebs [REPORT]Prince Harry given plan to address hair loss after 'doomed' admission [REVEAL] Lilibet, named after the Queen’s childhood nickname, was born in a Santa Barbara hospital on June 4 last year. This means the youngster is likely to celebrate her first birthday while in the UK for the Platinum Jubilee events. Trooping the Colour kicks off the celebrations on Thursday, June 2, with more scheduled to take place over the four-day bank holiday weekend. It has not yet been announced which specific events the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and their children will be attending. However, it has been revealed that members of the Royal Family will visit all four nations of the UK to mark the monarch’s 70-year reign. While many of the main events are taking place in London, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland will each have their own royal visits. Princess Anne is due to head to Scotland, while the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will return to Wales where the royal couple previously resided before marrying in 2011. The Queen’s youngest son Prince Edward and his wife Sophie will travel to Northern Ireland. Prince Charles and Camilla will remain in London with the Queen. No such roles have been granted to the Sussexes and Prince Andrew, as they are not working royals.