Arsenal's botched moves for Patrick Schick and Lautaro Martinez have shown that the club's transfer chiefs are 'missing a trick' that a Gunners legend highlighted last summer. Mikel Arteta is desperate to sign a striker in the upcoming transfer window, with Alexandre Lacazette set to depart the club. Both Schick and Martinez have been touted as possible options following impressive seasons from both players. But the former has now signed a new contract with Bayer Leverkusen and according to The Times, the latter has flatly rejected a move to the Emirates Stadium. It leaves their pursuit of a striker back at square one, a position they have been trying to improve since last summer. Back then, it was Tammy Abraham who was top of their shopping list, but the Englishman joined Roma instead. Arsenal's failure to sign Abraham drew criticism last year from former player Kevin Campbell. And his comments about the Gunners' chiefs 'missing a trick' are ringing true again with the striker search dragging on again. READ MORE: Arsenal set for William Saliba talks as Marseille chief explains plan “It looks to me like he has been freed. He has had the restrainers off. Boy is he a handful. He would be in any league. I truly believe Arsenal missed a trick because we still do not have anyone up the top end of the pitch who is a physical presence. Abraham causes teams a problem just by being there," Campbell told Football Insider last August. “It is a big trick missed. I cannot believe we didn’t go for it. Abraham does not get the credit he deserves. He is a damn good player. I have been watching him since he was in the youth teams. I could tell back then that he was going to be some player.” DON'T MISS: Eddie Nketiah's stance on Arsenal stay as 'final contract offer' made (NEWS)Arsenal 'interested in Serge Gnabry' and 'can imagine Gunners return' (TRANSFERS)Abraham can make Arsenal transfer decision for them as Gunners wait (INSIGHT) Abraham has become a star signing for Roma, winning the Europa Conference League and setting a record for scoring the most goals in a debut season for the Serie A giants. Those goals are something that Arsenal are desperately searching for. Arteta's men finishing the season as the lowest scorers in the top five of the Premier League. They cannot afford to continue 'missing a trick' with moves for potential striker options if they are to enjoy a more successful campaign next year.