On this day 77 years ago, nations across Europe celebrated VE Day, marking Victory in Europe and the end of World War 2 on the continent. The Royal Family played a prominent role in boosting morale throughout the war, with King George VI and the Queen Mother insisting on staying in Buckingham Palace to show solidarity with those living through the Blitz. While then-Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret were sent to Windsor Castle for their safety, they were both involved in the war effort and carried out their first public broadcast to the children of the Commonwealth. The future monarch was the first female member of the Royal Family to serve in the military, and is the only living head of state to have served in World War 2. Elizabeth trained as a truck mechanic and served in the Women’s Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS). Her military career was only just beginning when the war in Europe came to a close on May 8, 1945. Thousands of people took to the streets, flooding Trafalgar Square and the Mall leading up to the Palace where the King and Queen greeted them from the balcony. Elizabeth, who had secretly snuck out of the palace to join revelling Brits on the streets of London during the VE Day celebrations, once recalled the evening as one of the “most memorable moments” in her life. She told the BBC in 1985: “When the excitement of the flood lights being switched on got through to us, my sister and I realised we couldn’t see what the crowds were enjoying. “My mother had put her tiara on for the occasion, so we asked our parents if we could go out and see for ourselves. “I remember we were terrified of being recognized so I pulled my uniform cap well down over my eyes. “We cheered the King and Queen on the balcony and then walked miles through the streets. The Queen continued: “I remember lines of unknown people linking arms and walking down Whitehall, and all of us were swept along by tides of happiness and relief. “After crossing Green Park, we stood outside and shouted: ‘We want the King!’ and we were successful in seeing my parents on the balcony, having cheated slightly because we had sent a message into the house to say we were waiting outside. “I think it was one of the most memorable nights of my life.” The Queen has maintained a close relationship with the Armed Forces and holds many military titles and honorary ranks. Moreover, she is the wife, mother and grandmother of individuals who have served in the Forces. Prince Philip had a distinguished career in the Royal Navy and served as First Lieutenant during the war. The Duke of Edinburgh gave up his active naval career but remained closely connected to every branch of Service life throughout his 73 years as the Queen’s loyal consort. Prince Charles, Philip and the Queen’s eldest son, trained as a jet pilot and later embarked on a naval career, following in his father’s footsteps. And Prince Andrew had a 22-year career in the Royal Navy, and served as a helicopter pilot during the Falklands War. Her grandson, Prince William, was in the armed forces for seven and a half years, he pursued a flying career and became a Search and Rescue pilot. In 2008, Prince Harry was deployed to Afghanistan, at first as a forward air controller, where he fought on the frontline.  However, the Duke was prematurely pulled out when news of his involvement was leaked. A few years later, he returned for a 20-week deployment having trained to be a pilot. William left the military in 2013 to focus on charitable work and conservation issues. Harry’s military career ended in 2015; he was a Captain when he retired.