Newcastle have been told what to do in the transfer window amid surprise links to the likes of Neymar and Paul Pogba. Eddie Howe could be set to be given huge funds this summer. Former Newcastle star Jose Enrique has warned his old club off from signing Neymar and Pogba this summer to avoid a "Robinho situation". This is the club's first summer window since their Saudi takeover. That has made the Magpies the richest club in the world and they are ready to make their mark after surviving relegation from the Premier League. After splashing out in January, Eddie Howe might be armed with a mighty warchest going into the summer. And the rumour mill has been in overdrive in the north-east where several players have already been linked. That includes some worldwide names such as Neymar and Pogba, yet Enrique has given a word of warning. “It would be a massive mistake for them to go for Neymar or Pogba. I don’t think Eddie Howe will go for these kinds of players. Pogba doesn’t suit Newcastle and Eddie Howe will look for a more aggressive, high-intensity player. “It will be similar to when Man City signed Robinho, it didn’t work out and I know the fans would love these players, but they’ll go for the money and not the project.” While Neymar and Pogba might be a bit too far, that does not mean that Newcastle are not looking at top players from the biggest clubs to bolster their forces. Manchester United goalkeeper Dean Henderson is one of the main targets after being left out at Old Trafford. The Englishman has no interest in staying at United for another year if it means being back-up yet again. David de Gea is first-choice at the club and that does not look like it will change anytime soon. “I would definitely sign Dean Henderson. I’ve said I like him a lot in the past. He’s a great goalkeeper," Enrique added. “Dubravka is doing well but Henderson would be a good fit in the long run and Newcastle’s back-ups aren’t good enough at the moment. “Henderson will be looking for a move too as with the form De Gea is in now, he’s not going to play.”