Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea implied that his team-mates are not up to scratch after calling on the Red Devils board to sign ‘good’ players with 'character' in the summer transfer window. Incoming boss Erik ten Hag watched on as a lacklustre United side lost against Crystal Palace in the final game of the Premier League season. Ten Hag has a major job on his hands as he attempts to overhaul a squad that has become stale. They were fortunate that West Ham’s defeat by Brighton meant they were able to qualify for the Europa League and not dip into the Europa Conference League. United are primed for a big overhaul this summer, with Ten Hag running the rule over the players at Selhurst Park. Long-serving ace De Gea has called for ‘good’ players with 'character' to be signed in an apparent dig at the quality of his colleagues. Asked about the new manager, De Gea told BBC Sport: "The new manager and staff are already looking for new players. Hopefully they bring good ones with good character." JUST IN: Premier League Golden Boot: Mohamed Salah and Son share prize  The Red Devils have several stars who cannot claim to have consistently played to their top level this term. A horrendous start to the season saw Ole Gunnar Solskjaer sacked, while the form under interim boss Ralf Rangnick has hardly been much better. They finished the season with their lowest Premier League points tally - 58. There was just one win in United’s final six league fixtures. It was a former player who condemned United to a 12th and final Premier League defeat of the campaign. Wilfried Zaha got the better of Diogo Dalot and finished past De Gea. DON'T MISS...Erik ten Hag 'shakes head' at Man Utd star as new boss watches on.Erik ten Hag mobbed by fans arriving for Man Utd's clash vs PalaceMaguire breaks silence on Ten Hag and says what Man Utd squad think  Ten Hag sat in the directors’ box at Selhurst Park and is reported to have frequently shook his head as United underperformed yet again. He is likely to agree with De Gea’s assessment that the club could do with a major injection of quality. United have already been linked with a plethora of stars ahead of the transfer window but will need to complete some excellent business if the club is to catch up with the likes of Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea. They ended up 15 points off the top four, with Tottenham clinching the final Champions League spot on the final day - pipping Arsenal to the position. 