In a 2021 charity event, the critically acclaimed actress described how she copes with her deteriorating eyesight, including the unexpected advantages. The star characteristically finds the funny side in her situation, but for the other 600,000 people in the UK who suffer from the condition, AMD can make everyday activities extremely difficult and it can go on to affect multiple generations in one family. Gracing the Cheltenham Film Festival with her attendance next week, Dame Judi still seems to be coping relatively well with the condition, which usually first affects people in their 50s and 60s. In fact, at a 2021 charity event when talking about the challenges she faced, Dame Judi said: “You find a way of just getting about and getting over the things that you find very difficult. “I’ve had to find another way of learning lines and things, which is having great friends of mine repeat them to me over and over, and over again. “So I have to learn through repetition, and I just hope that people won’t notice too much if all the lines are completely hopeless!”  READ MORE: High cholesterol: The 'serious' signs in your legs that cholesterol has become ‘fatal'  Despite never confirming, the actress suffered from a “frightful fall” a couple of years ago, which may have been down to her inability to see clearly. Reflecting on the incident, Dame Judi said: “I had a frightful fall not long ago. I tripped over the carpet, and there was nobody in the house and I was lying on the ground unable to get up for half an hour.” When AMD strikes, it usually affects the middle part of an individual's vision first. It can affect either one or both of the eyes and can make activities such as watching TV, reading or driving extremely difficult.Other symptoms may include: There are two main types of AMD, one which is most common, dry AMD, and a more less common type, wet AMD.  The three stages are named as such due to the symptoms that gradually get worse as the condition develops. Dry AMD happens in three stages: early, intermediate, and late. It usually progresses slowly over several years. Once in the late stage of dry AMD there is no treatment, but individuals are able to find ways to make the most of remaining vision. Additionally, if you have late dry AMD in only one eye, you can take steps to protect your other eye. Wet AMD causes vision loss to go faster in comparison to dry AMD. This occurs when abnormal blood vessels grow in the back of the eye and damage the macula. It is important to note that at any stage of dry AMD, it can turn into wet AMD — but wet AMD is always in the late stage. However, there are treatment options available for wet AMD. In order to diagnose the condition properly, individuals will have to go to an optometrist. There, a magnifying glass with a light will be used to look at the back of their eyes and check their vision.   