Meghan Markle, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, signed a multimillion-dollar deal with the streaming giant after stepping down as senior royals but have yet to produce any content for it. Royal correspondent Natalie Oliveri has pointed out the royal couple will still be paid while their first project for Netflix could come as late as next year. She told Today Extra: "It is a shame. Harry and Meghan signed with Netflix after leaving the Royal Family, leaving their positions as senior working royals in the Royal Family. "They haven't really done much with Netflix since signing that multi-million dollar deal. "They are still getting paid. They haven't produced anything as yet. "However, we saw Harry and Meghan in the Netherlands recently. "They were filming a docuseries for Netflix, Heart of Invictus and that's due to premiere later this year or earlier next year. READ MORE: Meghan Markle delivered hammerblow as Spotify project dismantled  "That will really be their first project." The Duchess of Sussex's animated show about a young girl has been dropped by Netflix. The Archewell Productions show Pearl - one of two projects announced as part of Harry and Meghan's Netflix deal - was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. Meghan was to serve as an executive producer of the series alongside David Furnish - filmmaker and husband of Sir Elton John - according to an announcement published on the Archewell website last July. Pearl has been axed by Netflix as part of strategic decisions the streaming giant is making around animated series. It is understood Netflix has decided not to move forward with development on several projects, one of which is Pearl. This is believed to be not uncommon for development, and Netflix recently decided not to move forward with other animated series. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle 'won't take advice' on how to deliver projects [VIDEO]Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [INSIGHT] The news that Pearl is being dropped comes after it emerged that Netflix lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers. Netflix has stumbled in the face of increased competition from the likes of Disney, Amazon Prime and the reopening of cinemas. The US firm has seen its share value cut in half over the past six months as investors have grown increasingly concerned by the change in fortunes. Netflix said Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects, including the documentary series Heart Of Invictus. he show follows people competing at the Invictus Games, and a camera crew was seen close to Harry and Meghan during their time at the event in The Hague, Netherlands, last month.