Research suggests there are two primary reasons why women wear makeup; camouflage or seduction. Whatever the reason for choosing to add a little colour to the cheeks, or enhance the length of eyelashes, if makeup is applied cleverly, it can help someone look younger. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Laura Kay, Makeup Expert and Founder of Laura Kay London who shares her makeup tricks to look younger. Laura said: “To look your best you should follow a set of make up application rules for your age. “Clever make up tricks can enhance your best features, but it is important to note that different rules apply for different ages. “If you fail to follow these rules, then you could risk looking older than you are.” “If you are in your thirties or early forties I advise using a CC cream for natural youthful glowing skin - IT cosmetics I just love,” she explained. “CC Creams combine skincare and make up together making them very versatile and perfect for when you see your first signs of ageing. “CC cream is brilliant it can help conceal and camouflage any signs of ageing such as fine lines and age spots. “Not only this, they also contain SPF and the formula is hydrating which helps keep your skin looking fresh and dewy. “Rules for foundation in your forties, fifties and sixties, I would say less is definitely more as you get older,” Lauran added. “Use a concealer to hide any imperfections and lift any dark circles, is key. “Anything to heavy will look more ageing and actually makes fine lines and wrinkles stand out more. “Instead it is all about smoothing out any fine lines and softening up your appearance to look younger than you are - embrace your age to look younger is the message here. “I personally love using Rodials Banana liquid concealer. “Light textured products are good and avoid slathering on your foundation as this will make you look dull and draw attention to imperfections.” READ MORE: Cost of beauty: How to avoid looking fake or 'really bad side effects' “Instead it is all about smoothing out any fine lines and softening up your appearance to look younger than you are - embrace your age to look younger is the message here. “I personally love using Rodials Banana liquid concealer. “Light textured products are good and avoid slathering on your foundation as this will make you look dull and draw attention to imperfections.”  Highlight the right places and go matt on the t-zone The makeup artist said: “Apply a highlighter on your cheeks to achieve a healthy ageless look. “A liquid bronze highlighter (such as Laura Kay London Illuminate in Bronze) is the best type of product you can use which will give you a gorgeous natural glow. “Many people make the mistake of not using the correct product and instead of accentuating your features all that you end up with is a t-zone that looks overly shiny and oily. “To ensure you shine and highlight the right places use a good product such as Mac Block Powder or Laura Mercier translucent powder.” DON'T MISS...Queen Letizia in hysterics wears SAME dress as guest [PICTURES]How to save money: Swap one everyday item to save £100 a year [GUIDE]Meghan Markle’s go-to anti-ageing beauty product - only £6 [INSIDER] “As we age it is common for our eyebrows to become sparse which can be a giveaway for our age,” she continued. “To give the illusion of youth you should invest in permanent makeup, such as, microblading to give the appearance of full natural looking hair strokes. “You could also buy a good quality brow grooming kit to fill out any gaps and help brush up your brows. “Either way you can achieve defined brows that still look very natural which can help compliment your features.” “The good news is as you age you can go heavier on the eye make up to help draw focus to your eyes,” Laura remarked. “In your thirties you should go for more of a smokey, smouldering look to give your eyes a bolder or dramatic appearance to retain your youth. “The same rules apply if you are in your forties but you should never use eye liner underneath the eye as this will cause your eyes to look closed up, so only focus on the top. “In your fifties, sixties and beyond, a good trick is to have a lighter powdery application on your inner eye lid and then blend with a darker shade as you move outwards. “Really define the socket of your eyelid with a small pencil brush and blend in for a smooth but effect transition into the lighter colour. “Defined eyeliner also helps frame the area,” she added. “Try and opt for natural eyelashes if you can as you have defined your eyes enough. “Only use fake lashes if you are in your thirties or younger as your eyes will look heavier which will make you look older.” “Gloss lipsticks are a must for all ages,” Laura said. “However, the colours you pick and how you add definition to your lips is the crucial element to make up application to help you attain a youthful appearance for your age. “For example, in your thirties, you may start to see your lips loose definition so at this age you should use a lip liner to accumulate, but the key is to use the gloss to blend in the liner to help give the appearance of plumper lips - almost a 3D effect. “In addition, the ageing process results in losing elasticity and our collagen production declines, therefore the plumper your lips, the younger you will appear. “But in your forties don’t use deep tones or strong colours as they will only age you, instead opt for light or beige toned lipsticks. “Lighter colours will help your lips stand-out but they also won’t look overly done either. “In your fifties and beyond, a sheer peach or pink gloss lip will compliment your eyes and use a fine lip liner pencil to help define the edges without looking noticeable.” “A daily SPF is a must at least a 50+,” Laura suggested. “Heliocare is great & they also do a lovely tinted version great for holidays. “SPF will help protect against UV damage which can have an array of negative effects on your skin including dryness, dark spots, uneven skin tone, wrinkles and skin conditions to even skin cancer.”