Calling the West “suicidal” at one point, Orbán alluded to the Cultural Iron Curtain which currently cuts the EU in two, warning that “cultural alienation is growing between the western half of Europe and Hungary”. He later spoke about “the Christian civilisational foundations of Europe, and in the nation, which Brussels has given up.” As the war in Ukraine rages, Hungary’s more nuanced position towards Moscow has created a rift with its ally, Poland. Another regional ally, Lithuania, has also been critical, with Foreign Minister - Gabrielius Landsbergis – warning that the EU “is being held hostage by one member state”, referring to Budapest’s refusal to back oil sanctions against Russia. Opposition to this action does not just come from Hungary however, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic and Slovakia also demanding that the European Commission allows them to continue importing Russian energy past 2024. Hungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó rejected the Lithuanian accusation on Monday. Also speaking on Monday, Orbán told Hungarian MPs “the coming decade will be an era of dangers, uncertainty, and war” as well as “a regenerating suicidal wave in the Western world”, which included “gender madness”. This type of language, which appals western European governments, still enjoys support across central and eastern Europe. As he took the oath of office, Orbán also warned that Brussels was “abusing its power day by day” by undermining national sovereignty, echoing the language of politicians across the region.  His message that Hungary will be in the EU for the next decade could be a bittersweet one for Brussels and clearly did not preclude a longer-term divergence. Orbán’s strong words emphasise the ongoing division within the bloc and serve to undermine the aspirations of French President Emmanuel Macron whose call last week for a new European political space based on a common set of values failed to acknowledge the clash of values already within the EU. The language of the Hungarian leader also suggests little hope for respite in the long-running battles between Brussels on the one hand, and central and eastern Europe on the other. Both Hungary and Poland have clashed with the EU repeatedly over perceived rule of law failings, which both Budapest and Warsaw believe is ideologically motivated. Whatever exasperation Hungary’s regional allies may feel towards Budapest over the Ukraine conflict, they will find it next to impossible to navigate a relationship with Brussels without Budapest.   The Hungarian-Polish axis has served as something of a counterweight to the Franco-German one, leading the primarily Slavic and conservative eastern half of the EU. Moreover, just as Macron was opening the door to a new European settlement, the newly re-elected French leader was very definitely closing the door to Ukrainian EU membership – an aspiration of Kyiv’s and something which enjoys far greater support in central and eastern Europe, perhaps owing to a perceived greater cultural alignment with Ukraine. This – coupled with the ongoing hostilities between the EU’s east and west – could ultimately open the door to a different kind of European settlement to the one envisaged by Macron, a settlement which permanently divides the EU rather than enlarges it or centralises yet more power. Brussels will have winced at Orbán’s language but the Hungarian leader is unlikely to turn down the heat. 