David, a retired driving instructor, suddenly lost his wife of 52 years in 2020. To help deal with his loneliness, he later turned to social media. After a few weeks of talking to a person using a false identity and alias 'Louisa Butler', it turned out to be nothing more than a scam.   David, from Nottingham, was deep in the throws of grief when Louisa Butler was suggested as a potential online friend in October 2021. She claimed she was a 30-year-old nursing student in New York who had been staying with her uncle in Brooklyn for the past two years, and she even provided an address. The pair started talking casually, but soon the relationship picked up speed. He said on the BBC programme For Love or Money: “Gradually got more and more texts per day.” While David was not out looking for love, he noted that it was clear that Louisa was after more than just friendship. She even confided in him that she had fled a previous relationship in Germany, which is how she ended up in America. He continued: “After perhaps three or four weeks we professed that we loved each other.” READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years While it seemed to be an innocent enough connection, soon the requests for cash started pouring in. David shared: “First time she asked for money was a request for $150 (£119.44) for medicine for her mother.” According to Louisa, her mother had been in hospital for an operation and now required medication. David obliged and sent the money through PayPal. Louisa seemed eager to meet David in England, provided that David paid the costs of the trip, including travel documents. David shared: “Her passport is out of date so she asked me if I could spend $210 (£167.22) so that she can get her passport ready to fly over.” Including flights, meeting his new found love in person would cost David roughly £1,200.  However, David was slightly suspicious of his online romance. He said: “Originally she was going come to over on the sixteenth of December and stay for Christmas and new year and I’ve put it off.” Waiting to see if he could get a better gauge if Louisa was a genuine person, David still went the extra mile to show his affection for her. On Louisa’s birthday, he had $80 (£63.70) flowers sent to the address she had given him, but they never arrived. David shared: “The flowers never got delivered and she resorted to going into the florist and getting them. Then she sent a photo of her holding the flowers.” He had also sent her some money as a Christmas gift. David shared: “If I’m honest with myself I hope this is a strange one where it works out to be true.”  The BBC For Love or Money team checked into the photos of Louisa and the flowers, as well as another image which showed her with her mother when she first asked David for money. The flower pictures were evidently edited, and a reverse image search of Louisa and her mum showed that the original photo had been digitally altered as well. This image, without Louisa’s supposed mother in the background, had been circulated on the internet known to be in connection with scams, fraud and on multiple dating profiles with different names. As it turned out, the woman David believed to be Louisa was actually an entirely innocent American model and actress, whose image had been used so often in scams she created a video to warn others about it. Throughout the program, David understood that there was a likelihood that Louisa would turn out to be none other than a superficial front for a scam, but held out hope that he had met someone genuine to combat his loneliness. His wife Pat passed away with a sudden illness in 2020, after 52 years of marriage. He became emotional explaining: “We were teenage sweethearts. Got married when we were 17. I get emotional. It just hits a nerve."  Kym Marsh, who was interviewing the retiree, added in the emotional moment: “You’ve got me crying now.” After being confronted with all of the evidence, David lamented the scammers who target people like him saying: “You’re wide open, you’re emotions and all your nerves are raw edges. They go to any measure to get any money they can. He added: “I also feel stupid that I was sucked in by it.” The programme's host warned David that going forward he should not send money to someone he had met online, to which he sadly responded: “I’ve learnt that the hard way.” For Love or Money continues tomorrow on BBC iPlayer from 10am.