Jay Blades took to Instagram and explained his latest Channel 5 series has come to an end. The 52-year-old, who rose to fame on BBC's The Repair Shop, recently explored the history of the East End and gave viewers an insight into his childhood growing up in London, in the TV offering, Jay Blades: No Place Like Home. Taking to the picture-sharing site, Jay urged fans to tune into the last episode as he penned a candid message. In view of his 143,000 followers, the craftsman wrote: "The final episode of my show 'Jay Blades: No Place Like Home' is on tonight at 9pm on @channel5_tv. "I enjoyed learning about East London’s manufacturing history and visiting @freedoflondon , a business that has been making ballet shoes since the 1920s. "Here Quang Hong shows me how to shape the toe of a ballet shoe. So much craftsmanship goes into making them." READ MORE: Carol McGiffin says co-star's threw 'insults' before cancel culture The BBC favourite accompanied the note with a clip of him working on the ballet shoe. In a follow-up post, Jay commented: "The final episode of my show ‘Jay Blades: No Place Like Home’ airs today at 9pm on @channel5_tv. "Here I am watching a video on slum clearance and looking at the despicable conditions people had to live in on the Peabody estate in the 1930s. As you can see infestation was a big problem back then for the poor tenants. "Will you be watching it?"  Fans inundated the comment section, as they praised Jay on his latest offering. Dianne wrote: "It has been so beautiful following your journey. Very insightful." Suzy Wing agreed: "Definitely will be watching. Has been a very interesting programme about your background. It would have been great for me to go back and do the same but unfortunately, my first home is now gone. But I have memories." Mair remarked: "I have caught up on this and loved it. I love the history and learning about all the different things - we had an orange suite and wallpaper too in the 70s!" DON'T MISS... Deborah James praises husband for 'swallowing tears' during book event[LATEST]French model Amandine Petit flashes underwear at Cannes 2022[CANNES]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, puts on risqué display in gown at Cannes[PICTURES] "I will be watching and I hope you make more TV programmess like this. You keep it real and you're easy to watch. Congratulations on your success. Communities need role models like you," Lee Combie echoed. Meanwhile, Jay recently received an MBE for services to craft. The Repair Shop star received the honour from the Prince of Wales at Windsor Castle earlier this month. He has hosted the popular BBC series since it began in 2017 and also fronts Money for Nothing and Jay Blades' Home Fix. The on-screen star said his colleagues were "over the moon" for him after he received his accolade. "They have all said, 'do we have to bow, do we have to curtsy to you?' and stuff like that," he said. "I've just said there's one request as long as they can bring me a biscuit with my cup of tea, that's all I want." Jay said he spoke with Prince Charles about the importance of craft as part of a sustainable future. The Repair Shop airs tonight on BBC One at 8pm.