Rio Ferdinand says Manchester United’s interim manager Ralf Rangnick should not be allowed to do any more press conferences for the club. Rangnick only has one game left in his stint at the club and the past few weeks has seen the German become increasingly open about his frustrations at United.    Rangnick arrived in November to take over from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer until the end of the season. He has failed to implement his pressing style and has overseen the majority of what is guaranteed to be United’s worst ever Premier League season following their 4-0 defeat by Brighton on Saturday. Having arrived full of optimism, Rangnick has been worn down by the relentless poor results and full-on nature of the United job. The 63-year-old has been candid in his criticism of his players and the club’s hierarchy, who he believes have not moved fast enough to follow his recruitment recommendations. Rangnick said on the weekend that he had recommended Luis Diaz, Dusan Vlahovic and Julian Alvarez to the club in the January transfer window, only to see the trio end up at Liverpool, Juventus and Manchester City respectively. Former United defender Ferdinand believes Rangnick’s brutal honesty is unprofessional and damaging to the club. JUST IN: Man Utd board 'tell Erik ten Hag to scour free agent market' “I think his impatience with that and his frustrations are being born out in his interviews now. I’ll be honest, if I was the club I wouldn’t allow him to do another press conference,” he said on his Vibe with FIVE YouTube show. “I don’t want that stuff out in the media. If I’m the person who’s running the club, I’d be saying: ‘Talk to us and we’ll work it out. You might not agree with what I’m saying but you’re employed by us, these are the rules, stay within the boundaries.’ “At the moment, he’s saying stuff and I’m sure the people behind the scenes are raising their eyebrows every time there’s a press conference.” Rangnick will step aside as interim manager following United’s final game of the season against Crystal Palace on May 22. He has already lined up another coaching job with Austria, but will continue working with United on a two-year consultancy contract. DON'T MISS Ole Gunnar Solskjaer could manage four clubs next Man Utd eye Richarlison move as Ten Hag's transfer plans take shape Cristiano Ronaldo's sister likes post urging him to quit Man Utd Ferdinand feels that, for someone who will continue to be associated with the club for another two years, Rangnick is not conducting himself properly. "I don’t agree with the way that he’s airing the dirty laundry in public while he’s still in the hot seat, while he’s still in there," he added. "It’s nice sometimes for fans, you want to get a bit of insight, but there’s information that he’s letting out [that he shouldn’t be]. You’re still in the job, man, relax, have some respect for the people around you. Make waves behind the scenes. Push and pull and jostle for positions and outcomes behind the scenes with people. “I’ve said this for a couple of weeks now, he’s saying a lot of stuff to almost distance himself from responsibility. But he has to accept some responsibility that the team has got worse since he’s been in there." 