Eurovision Song Contest was a roaring success with Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra being crowned winners and the UK’s Sam Ryder finishing the evening in second place. However, the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) has released a statement highlighting an issue with voting in several countries during the second semi-final. Last Thursday, 18 countries battled it out for 10 remaining spaces in the Grand Final. Finland, Serbia, Australia and Sweden were amongst the countries that progressed. Meanwhile, Ireland, Cyprus, Malta and Georgia were unsuccessful. However, in a statement posted on the Eurovision website, the EBU has shared concerns over the voting. Read more: Have Your Say: Do you think Britain should host Eurovision 2023? It read: “In the analysis of jury voting by the European Broadcasting Union’s (EBU) pan-European voting partner after the Second Dress Rehearsal of the Second Semi-Final of the 2022 Eurovision Song Contest, certain irregular voting patterns were identified in the results of six countries. “In order to comply with the Contest’s Voting Instructions, the EBU worked with its voting partner to calculate a substitute aggregated result for each country concerned for both the Second-Semi Final and the Grand Final (calculated based on the results of other countries with similar voting records). “This process was acknowledged by the Independent Voting Monitor.” It continued: “The EBU takes any suspected attempts to manipulate the voting at the Eurovision Song Contest extremely seriously and has the right to remove such votes in accordance with the Official Voting Instructions, irrespective of whether or not such votes are likely to influence the results and/or outcome of the voting.” It’s not been confirmed which countries had their juries removed. On Saturday, Sam Ryder brought the UK to its highest position in Eurovision since 1998. The Tiki’s Tok star finished the jury vote on the top of the leaderboard. However, Kalush Orchestra received overwhelming support from the public propelling them to number one. DON'T MISSBritons fear UK 'can't afford electricity' to host Eurovision [INTERVIEW]BBC Breakfast's Eurovision coverage sparks fury with fans 'Ridiculous' [INSIGHT]Eurovision 2022 shock as France gives UK 12 points ‘Merci!’ [VIDEO] Reflecting on his success, Sam told the BBC: “This is a lot bigger, this is the tip of the iceberg. “Top, bottom, middle, whatever. We had the same energy and intention as we had when we started. “That was about the love of singing and the joy it brings you and the whole team held themselves with such credit and such positivity being in the arena and witnessing this tangible energy of life was incredible.” Discussing Sam’s momentous achievement, Graham commented: “He was extraordinary at one point we were complaining we only got three from someone.” “Last year we would have been delighted to get three, to get anything so it was such a fairytale. "Very nervous right to the end because all the people who say, ‘Europe hate us they’ll never vote for us’ in the telly vote you thought, ‘What if they’re right?’ “'What if it gets to the United Kingdom [and it’s] two?’ So how great that we got a great response from the public as well and we ended up number two.” Beautiful that Ukraine won,” Graham added. Eurovision Song Contest is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.