 Florida Republican Senator Rick Scott launched a blistering attack on the President on Tuesday in retaliation for his plan to “save America” being discarded by Republicans. The President, 79, has become famed for making gaffes during public speeches to the point where observers sit on the edge of their seats waiting for the blunder that will most likely happen.   Mr Scott said in his statement: “Let's be honest here. Joe Biden is unwell. He's unfit for office. “He's incoherent, incapacitated and confused. He doesn't know where he is half the time. “He's incapable of leading and he's incapable of carrying out his duties. Period.” He continued: “Everyone knows it. No one is willing to say it. But we have to, for the sake of the country. “Joe Biden can't do the job.”   Last month, the President called the Commissioner of the National Hockey League, Gary Bettman “Batman” when he said: “I want to thank Commissioner Gary Batman and – for being here as well.” Also last month, at a ceremony in Delaware to commission the navy’s new nuclear submarine, President Biden called the former First Lady Michelle Obama, Vice President. He mistakenly said: “I’m deeply proud of the work she is doing as First Lady with Joining Forces initiative she started with Michelle Obama when she was Vice President and now carries on.” President Biden himself held the position of Vice President for eight years during the Obama administration. READ MORE: Kate & William: Inside Adelaide Cottage- 'much better option' for home  When asked about Senator Scott’s calls for the President’s resignation Mr Biden said: “I think the man has a problem.” Senator Scott’s problem appears to be that his proposed 11-point plan “to rescue America” has been rejected by Republicans and used by the Democrats to score points against the notion of a Republican administration. The plan included proposals such as forcing all Americans to pay a level of income tax, despite the fact that 50 percent do not pay taxes as they do not meet the minimum threshold, and to sunset programs such as Medicare and Social Security. DON'T MISS: Brexit POLL: Should Truss rip up protocol and unshackle UK from EU? (POLL)Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free (INSIGHT)Santander is offering 2.5 percent interest rate on savings (REVEAL)  Senator Scott said of his plan: “If Republicans return to Washington’s business as usual, if we have no bigger plan than to be a speed bump on the road to America’s collapse, we don’t deserve to govern.” Mitch McConnell, Senate Minority Leader declared that he did not support the plan, did not think it was effective politics and that he had no plans to follow it if the Republicans Retton the majority in the autumn. As the Democrats struggle in the polls, Mr Biden took the opportunity presented by Scott to demonstrate how the Republicans would implement extremism if they took Congress. On Tuesday, the President labelled the plan the “ultra-MAGA agenda” in an attempt to gain support and traction in the polls. 