Emma Raducanu has shared her wish to play mixed doubles with Andy Murray at Wimbledon ahead of her return to her home Grand Slam tournament. The world No 12 will be playing her first professional tournament in front of a home crowd since becoming the US Open champion when she returns to Nottingham this week and already has her sights set on a star-studded pairing with her fellow British Grand Slam champion. Raducanu is gearing up for a homecoming during the British grass season, where her first stop will be the site of her WTA Tour debut before she returns to Wimbledon 12 months after reaching the second week as the world No 338, now sitting at No 12 in the world. And ahead of her first match on home soil, she has set her sights high as she admitted she wants to play doubles with Murray at her home Slam. Asked who her dream doubles partner would be by actress Gemma Chan for Elle, the 19-year-old simply replied: “Just once in my life, I’d love to play doubles with Andy Murray at Wimbledon.” Raducanu became the first British Grand Slam champion since Murray at Wimbledon in 2016 when - five years later - she lifted the US Open trophy. She was the first qualifier in history to win a Major title, and was playing just her second Grand Slam tournament following her Wimbledon debut. And the Bromley teenager is still in disbelief at her new status as one of the country’s top sporting stars, joining the likes of Murray and Tim Henman as a new role model for children looking to get into tennis. JUST IN: Federer retirement prediction made by McEnroe as comeback doubts cast  “It’s amazing to even think of myself in that way,” she admitted. “I feel like if girls, or even boys, can see me out there having fun, smiling and doing things, they can really relate to that. I want to inspire kids to keep playing. I still find it hard to believe I’m that person.” Raducanu’s Murray wish comes after the 19-year-old accepted a wildcard into next week’s Rothesay Open in Nottingham following her early exit from the French Open. The WTA 250 tournament was the site of her professional debut on the WTA Tour a year ago, where she drew compatriot Harriet Dart in the first round and lost in straight sets. DON'T MISSDjokovic picks which musical instrument Federer and Nadal would beZverev makes Alcaraz favouritsm claim in French Open schedule rowDjokovic gets advantage over Nadal as French Open schedule confirmed  12 months later, she is knocking on the door of the world’s top 10 and still playing just her first full season on the pro tour. Her return to the British grass season marks her first 52 weeks as a professional and the teenager admitted she was still getting used to playing new tournaments every week. “I only really started this year, so every tournament is new,” she said. “I’m experiencing all these different countries and cities, but sometimes you do feel a bit unsettled because you don’t know where anything is. I feel like I’ve shifted my perspective this year, gaining insight from every place.” 