Kelsey Parker, 32, has revealed she held her beloved husband and soulmate Tom Parker’s hand as he died at the age of 33 following a battle with brain cancer. Opening up about The Wanted singer’s final moments for the first time, the mum-of-two revealed Tom’s life was "beautiful until the end” and that he "wasn't in any pain". Kelsey also detailed Tom’s heartbreaking final promise to her on his deathbed, as he vowed to send his other half signs every day.  Tom’s widow reflected on the pop star’s last hours in the hospice, 18 months after he was diagnosed with a brain tumour.  She recalled: "It was still beautiful until the very end.  “It was just us and there was so much love in that room.” READ MORE... Donny Osmond unveils 'secret' romance - 'Career would've fallen'  Kelsey added: "I didn’t want anyone coming in.    "We needed that time together to talk."    Kelsey said their last moments together were “romantic”, despite the heartbreaking situation they were in as a couple.    Sharing the last conversation she had with Tom, Kelsey said: "I said, ‘You know Tom, I will be OK, the kids will be OK. I will make sure that everything you want them to know, the things that you’ve taught me over the years, I promise to teach them it all’.    “He said, ‘I know you’re going to be OK’. He then took off his wedding ring and put it on my finger." Kelsey also revealed that Tom had promised her to give her signs after his death. The mother of Tom’s young children Bodhi and Aurelia recalled sitting on a bench sobbing after his death, when she noticed a feather falling from the sky. Kelsey elaborated to The Sun on Sunday: “I said to Tom before he passed away, ‘Will you give me signs every day’, and he said, ‘Yes’. I knew straight away it was him. DON'T MISS:Simon Cowell admits struggle to recognise himself after years of Botox [COMMENT]Naomi Judd dead: Singer dies aged 76 as daughter Ashley 'shattered' [HEALTH UPDATE]Victoria Beckham says David 'can't get enough' as he's caught staring [PICS] "I kept that feather, I still have it in a little glass pot on my dressing table.”  It comes after Kelsey took to Instagram to share a poignant poem entitled I Wish I Knew, by Donna Ashworth.  It read: "Grief may feel like the dying of the soul while the body still lives, but you are alive my friend.  “And they are not, nor do they want you to be with them just yet. They very much want you to live.” The poem concluded: “Do not fear the grief you feel, it’s just love thrashing around, looking for somewhere to go. So give it somewhere to go.”  Tom’s funeral took place on April 20 at St Francis of Assisi Church in Petts Wood, south east London.  Fans of The Wanted star were invited by Kelsey to line the streets and pay their final respects as the funeral was shown on big screens outside the church.  Tom’s The Wanted bandmates and friends Max George, Siva Kaneswaran, Nathan Sykes and Jay McGuiness were the pallbearers. 