The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland was due to appear on Good Morning Britain via video link at 8.40am. However, when Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley went to chat with him, the MP was nowhere to be seen. Instead, the ITV show had to move its schedule around and they spoke with singers Alfie Boe and Michael Ball in the studio. As Reid introduced the MP, she began: "There is that issue about Northern Ireland protocol to sort out and it is the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, Brandon Lewis who is joining us this morning. "We are standing by," the host continued as she pointed out the empty chair. "As you can see, the seat is ready and waiting for him." Despite the shake-up in the schedule, Mr Lewis did speak with the hosts later on in the programme. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley criticises soap character Cain Dingle At 8.50am, the MP discussed why the government can't introduce a windfall tax. He also went on to speak about why they can't do more to help people with the cost of living crisis. When Mr Lewis took his seat, Reid jumped in to ask about the cost of living crisis in Northern Ireland She mentioned Rachel McLean's claims that people need to work longer to deal with the spiralling costs. "We appreciate you are a very busy man, particularly with this Northern Ireland protocol and you have your own announcements to make as well," the host said. "But you know, this cost of living crisis as we've just been discussing, affects every single sector, doesn't it? "Is it really sensible to be saying to people, 'Well, just get yourself a better job.'" "I know the point Rachel was making yesterday was this wider issue around the economy," he replied. DON'T MISS...NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [CAST]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of war hero’s medals [VIDEO]Jane McDonald shares glimpse into love life as she bids farewell [INSIGHT] The MP said: "The government's job is partly as well as supporting people where we can, growing an economy so there are more opportunities for people out there to have secure jobs in the future. "We've been successful as a country of businesses creating jobs, since coming out of COVID-19. "But as a government, we will always keep up with you what we can do to support people in the short term whilst also obviously...the Chancellor having to have an assessment of the impact that has an immediate on the long term as well." Madeley chipped in: "Why don't you introduce a windfall tax?"  He hit back: "I think some of the predictions that we've seen Labour put forward around what the windfall tax could bring in a somewhat overinflated. "But the reality is what we want to do as business investors, you're quite right..." He later added: "But as I say, the Chancellor, I think just in the last couple of days has outlined that if you see those investments coming through, he will keep this under review. "If we don't see the investments coming through, obviously, he takes it off the table." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.