The Royal Windsor Horse Show is taking place between May 12 and May 15, 2022. Sophie Countess of Wessex has sported some elegant looks as she supports her daughter, Lady Louise Windsor, from the sidelines. Today, Sophie took part in The Champagne Laurent-Perrier Meet of The British Driving Society. She was snapped in a carriage wearing a chic navy coat, in velvet. The coat is from Laurie & Jules, retailed at £295. It is called the Beatriz Navy Velvet Coat. READ MORE: Lady Louise's nod to Prince Philip while Sophie beams in £275 blazer On Laurie & Jules' official website, the garment is described as "very sleek and feminine", which perfectly befits the Countess' personal style. "Beatriz Navy Velvet Coat is an absolute classic look for all seasons." To contrast the smooth velvet, the garment boasts pewter buttons down the middle, which fastens the coat. It also features the same buttons on the sleeves and pockets. It is a relatively short, fitted coat which has a pie-crust collar, middle and cuffs. On one side of her coat Sophie pinned a cream rose corsage. The Countess opted for a navy blue velvet hat to match her elegant outerwear. This was a standout element of her ensemble. As for jewellery, Sophie went for some cool cluster pearl earrings. Keeping makeup to a minimum, the Countess of Wessex boasted a pale pink lip, bronzed cheeks and a smokey eye. Her hair was gathered behind her head in a loose bun, allowing the statement hat to take centre stage. Royal fans have taken to social media to discuss the Countess' latest look. @Kelliw0416 tweeted: "I love the blue colour on the Countess." Laurie & Jules also took to social media to praise the royal. The retailer's Facebook status read: "#friday13 #lucky for some, thank you Sophie, Countess of Wessex for visiting our stand and looking forward to seeing you in our velvet jacket on Sunday #lovelycustomers #windsorhorseshow #showtime #velvetjacket #carriagedriving #royalty. Yesterday, the Countess looked equally stylish in an olive green maxi skirt, £80 Mos Mosh Evelyn Yoro Blossom blouse, loafers and oversized sunnies.