Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel has admitted every player's future is 'not certain' while the club can't hold contract talks under current sanctions. Antonio Rudiger will leave Stamford Bridge as a free agent this summer, and more could follow while restrictions are in place. Roman Abramovich put Chelsea up for sale in March amid backlash for his close ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin, who ordered the invasion of Ukraine. The oligarch was then sanctioned by the UK government and European Union (EU), under which the club can't negotiate any new contracts or complete signings. Speaking to the media ahead of Chelsea's Premier League clash against Wolves on Saturday, Tuchel admitted the club's takeover situation has affected his side. And the German revealed that after Rudiger's confirmed exit plans, there are more unclear futures among his squad due to current sanctions. He told reporters: "It surely affects the team, but I cannot say to which degree. Toni [Rudiger], of course, leaves us during the period we are sanctioned, and we cannot fight. It is proven that it has an effect, and this decision has an impact on the dressing room. He is a huge part. The situation regarding the future of every individual is not clear because there are no talks for anybody." JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp questions Champions League ticket policy  US businessman Todd Boehly has been selected as the preferred bidder, but the UK government won't allow the sale to go through if there is a chance Abramovich will receive some of the funds. And Chelsea are at serious risk of going out of business if a takeover isn't completed or the licence isn't extended beyond May. Earlier this week, fears that a deal could collapse emerged due to Abramovich allegedly altering the terms of the sale in search of his £1.5billion loan to Chelsea to be repaid. However, the 55-year-old has denied the claims and 'remains committed' to writing it off and directing the sale proceeds 'to a good cause'. READ MORE: Jesse Lingard was given a brutal message from Man Utd during talks  Tuchel is 'confident' that a takeover will go through, though, after being informed that the proceedings are moving forward. "I have been told last week that we have a preferred bidder, and things are moving forward," Tuchel explained. "I am focused on the pitch; after what I heard last week, I am confident. "When the situation is clear, you can take actions and make judgements; otherwise, you are in a passive role. This is what we are. We try to make the smallest issue possible, but it is always there. We want a forward-thinking situation where we know what the circumstances are for improving the team." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.