Chelsea could be on the verge of a major cash windfall at a crucial time - though they will be relying on Real Madrid winning the Champions League. It involves one of several clauses included in the deal to purchase Eden Hazard. Los Blancos have made it to the Champions League final after the most dramatic of climaxes on Wednesday night. Despite being two goals down to Manchester City with 89 minutes on the clock, Real turned the match around. Rodrygo Goes came off the bench to score two in two minutes with seconds left on the clock. Karim Benzema turned the tie on its head when he scored from the penalty spot to arrange a finale against Liverpool in Paris next month. And if they lift the trophy, they will not be the only ones celebrating with Chelsea having a vested interest in the winner. After selling Hazard to Real back in 2019 for an initial £88.5million, the deal included several clauses. In total, the outlay could reach £130m with a series of significant payments - one including if Real Madrid win the Champions League while the Belgian is at the club. That could be as much as £20m, a sizeable amount considering the current predicament at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea have already benefitted from Real Madrid's success when they scooped £20m from their La Liga win and qualification for the Champions League. That is despite Hazard having very little impact on these triumphs. The 31-year-old has spent three years at the Bernabeu but has scored just four La Liga goals after a series of injuries. It has led many Real fans to denounce the winger as one of their worst transfers of all time. A return to Chelsea has even been mooted after a miserable time in Spain but whether that transpires or not remains to be seen. Especially considering the current situation in west London. The Blues are under government sanctions which has prevented them from selling tickets to fans, negotiating transfers or opening talks over contracts. It has already led to the impending exits of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen, who will leave at the end of the seasons when their contracts expire.