Lewis Hamilton and George Russell have been warned the next two races are ‘critical’ for the team to salvage the season by Martin Brundle. The Sky Sports commentator claimed the Mercedes pair were in a ‘difficult situation’ as their lack of pace continues. He thinks the team were reaching the point where they had to accept their new design just ‘doesn't work’. Brundle added this could mean the team have to completely redesign their car which could stretch them under the new cost cap rules. Speaking to Sky Sports, he said: “I don't know what the upgrades are exactly, though the area of the car they're working on is so complex... they're must be a huge amount of performance that is untapped there on the floor. "I think we all need Mercedes to sort that problem out, because there must be a point coming soon where they have to accept that this car and concept doesn't work and have a redesign for the second half of the season. READ MORE: Hamilton's hopes for eighth title this season written off by Leclerc "In which case, what are you going to do? I can't imagine the team want to copy somebody else's concept. With cost-cap, and a 23-race season, it's a really difficult situation Mercedes find themselves in. “The next race or two, starting here, is critical for them solving the problem. Can they understand it? Can they fix it? If they get the potential out of the car, I think they'll quickly be back in the game." Hamilton lies seventh in the points standings after a string of poor results this season. The seven-time champion scored just one point in Saudi Arabia and then finished 13th at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix last time out. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton's secret tactic which could help Mercedes F1 comeback [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton hits back at 'spoiled' comments amid Mercedes nightmare [ANALYSIS]Hamilton told F1 going through 'generational change' amid Mercedes woe [COMMENT] The Briton is now over 50 points behind championship leader Charles Leclerc and has almost half the points tally of team-mate George Russell. On current form, there are no signs the team will be able to compete with Ferrari and Red Bull this season. However, Brundle still believes the Silver Arrows are capable of securing wins at some point this season. Hamilton has claimed a victory in every season he has taken part in since his debut in 2007. He explained: “Another team other than Ferrari or Red Bull will win a race this year - they're bound to. There's so many races, and with difficult conditions, somebody will... and you assume it's going to be Mercedes getting their act together and finding the problem in their car.”