Libra Moon transits elicit harmony, aversion to conflict, and a more balanced approach to what could usually be deemed provocative scenarios. Emotions tend to be better regulated and more passive, but try not to let the inherent frustrations that come with today’s Uranus transit hinder you. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for May 13. Today, you might feel more drawn to focus on your relationships, as the balanced and measured energies a Libra Moon transit brings can help you see a more well-rounded view. You might be more inclined to weigh up all perspectives and consider additional possibilities, and you might feel more cooperative and welcoming during these transits. Cafe Astrology said: “Harmonising is important to us. We aim to be reasonable and rational, and we have more self-control.” This could position you well in deeper conversations, and counselling and advising will be more of a strong point.  READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency: Dr Sara on the ‘lesser-known' signs  When the Moon trines Saturn tonight, you might be more inclined to feel more emotional and nostalgic. Cafe Astrology said: “We appreciate people we know and can count on, and we’re far more patient with others than usual. “Family or home improvements might also figure strongly.” This influence is thought to be more supportive, steadying, and will provide you with a clearer head.  You might find it easier to visualise your goals during this planet alignment, and your “sense of form and design” might be stronger, according to Cafe Astrology. However, as the Libra Moon quincunxes Uranus, passionate Mars, and the more grounded Sun, it could cause some minor frustrations. Tarot.com said: “Our brains and our bodies may be in separate places today. “It could be hard to make our intellectual understanding of life match what feels good physically or emotionally.”  DON'T MISS: Lunar soil can catalyse the production of oxygen and fuel [INSIGHT]How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method [EXPLAINED]Vitamin deficiency anaemia: 'Personality changes' can be subtle [ANALYSIS]   However, when the Moon trines with more structured Saturn in visionary Aquarius at 2:54am on Saturday, you might not have to “abandon the idea of boundaries” to get some breathing room. Tarot.com said: “We can simply widen the box!” With this focus on structure in the realm of visions, it makes for a perfect time to connect with others and take action on more weighty plans. 