Chinese police and officials were targeted in the hack which produced numerous files detailing the untold horrors inflicted by Xi Jinping's state on the Uighur Muslims of Xinjiang. Victims of Communism Senior Fellow Dr Adrian Zenz has set out some of the most heartwrenching cases from the newly discovered list of previously faceless and nameless detainees. He said the actions of China in Xinjiang bore all the "telltale signs of a mass atrocity." Asked if the evidence of mass incarceration of Uighurs amounted to cultural genocide, Dr Zenz told Sky News Australia: "That is absolutely true. The evidence conclusively shows that we can even see it. "On some of the lists, it gives like an official prison sentence somebody sentenced to many years in prison and the official charges, is like disturbing the social order or like endangering national security and what they actually did...some other spreadsheets record what they are actually accused of. "Which is, for example, some very cultural religious practice such as wearing a veil or simply sort of being associated with people who have been in prior detention. "Among those accused is a nursing mother who was initially not detained because she's just been nursing her child, a mother in her early 20s.  "But then soon after she was detained and then sentenced to over ten, I think 16 years in prison if I remember correctly, on suppose charges of disturbing the social order and inciting trouble, a 20 something-year-old nursing mother. "So we clearly see this is a way to preemptively intern an entire population, change an entire population." "That is a telltale sign of a mass atrocity," he added. It comes as Ministers in the UK come under pressure from MPs to declare a genocide is taking place against Uighur Muslims in Xinjiang. Conservative former party leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith said it was "high time" the Government officially recognised China's treatment of the Uighur Muslim population as genocide. Tory former minister Nus Ghani led cross-party calls in the Commons for further action. Foreign Office minister Amanda Milling told MPs: "The reports suggests a shoot-to-kill policy was in place at re-education camps for detainees seeking to escape; this is just one of many details that fatally undermine China's repeated assertions that these brutal places of detention were in fact vocational training centres or a legitimate response to concerns around extremism. "On the contrary, the compelling evidence we see before us reveals the extraordinary scale of China's targeting of Uighur Muslims and other ethnic minorities, including forced labour, severe restrictions on freedom of religion, the separation of parents from their children, forced birth control and mass incarceration. DON'T MISS Russia tank flees as Ukrainian forces give chase in gripping footage [INSIGHT]Russian diplomat 'resigns' over Putin's war [ANALYSIS]Morgan Freeman banned from Russia along with nearly 1,000 Americans [INSIGHT] "In response to today's revelations, we will continue to work with our partners to raise the cost to China for its actions." Asking an urgent question, Ms Ghani said: "What more evidence does she and the department need to enable them to put in place their obligations under the genocide convention? "One of the markers of genocide is breaking the link between parent and child. There are children in these re-education centres, and let's not forget the CCP's (Chinese Communist Party) own words: they put them in these re-education centres to break their roots, break their lineage, break their connections and break their origin. That is a marker of genocide and I urge the minister to call out what it is, it is the Uighur genocide." Ms Milling said she understood the "strength of feeling" in the House, but added it is a long-standing policy of successive British governments that any judgment relating to genocide is "a matter for a competent national or international court rather than for governments or non-judicial bodies".