The Countess was warmly welcomed by a crowd in west Oxfordshire, where she headed on May 17 to visit the Charlbury community centre. During her day out, Sophie learned how locals came together at the community centre to help one another at the height of the coronavirus pandemic. SOPHIE, Countess of Wessex, melted hearts as she stepped out for a visit to Oxfordshire in a hot pink outfit.  While in Oxfordshire, she also met a group of pre-schoolers who, lined up for a walkabout, initially appeared very shy as they waved their Union Jacks. However, the mother of two was quickly showered with love after one of the tots broke ranks and ran at her for a heartfelt hug. Other children quickly followed, with the Countess happily kneeling down to be able to properly speak to the boys and girls in adorable scenes. Despite wearing heels, the Countess was able to remain balanced even when the boy who first hugged her playfully leaned on her back to get more hugs. The adorable sight melted the hearts of royal fans on Twitter. One, @servingsophie, wrote: "We all want a cuddle with a Countess". @SusanGlen2 praised the Countess saying: "She's so lovely!" And @royalteawithjam tweeted: "Sophie Wessex precious in pink". READ MORE: Queen should 'put her feet up' following 'remarkable comeback' Sophie was aptly dressed for the sunny day, as she donned an elegant vibrant ankle-length pink dress tied at the waist by a linen belt. She accessorised her outfit with a clutch back presenting floral decorations and beige pumps. The Queen's daughter-in-law appeared to be wearing only a dash of make-up, matching her practical look for the hands-on engagement. At the centre, the Countess was told 200 volunteers came together to assist more than 600 residents during the national lockdowns. The easy-going royal was spotted chatting with locals while sitting on the floor. She was later tasked to cut a cake presenting a Union Jack decoration made with red and blackberries. Sophie also marked her presence by planting a tree as part of the Plant a Tree for the Jubilee initiative - an effort designed to create a green legacy in honour of the Queen during her 70th year on the throne. Sophie's visit took place on a busy day for the Royal Family. On Tuesday, the Countess' husband stepped out with the Queen, who surprised royal fans by arriving at Paddington station in London to officially launch the new Elizabeth Line. The monarch wore a bright yellow coat with a matching hat on top of a floral dress and appeared in great form as she walked around the station aided only by a light walking stick. Her Majesty, who over the past few months has been experiencing episodic mobility issues, met some of the members of the staff who have been pivotal in completing the new rail line and was shown how to use an oyster card - the payment method used on London's public transport. While the monarch was in west London, Prince William was at Windsor Castle to lead an investment ceremony on her behalf. And Prince Charles and Camilla embarked on their whirlwind tour of Canada, which will see them travel more than 2000 miles across the nation in just three days. During the first day of the visit, the Prince of Wales paid his respects to the thousands of Indigenous children who suffered horrific abuse in the country's residential schools, were stripped of their identities and barred from speaking their language. In a poignant speech, Charles said: "As we look to our collective future, as one people sharing one planet, we must find new ways to come to terms with the darker and more difficult aspects of the past: acknowledging, reconciling and striving to do better. "It is a process that starts with listening. I have greatly appreciated the opportunity to discuss with the governor general the vital process of reconciliation in this country - not a one-off act, of course, but an ongoing commitment to healing, respect and understanding. "I know that our visit here this week comes at an important moment - with indigenous and non-indigenous peoples across Canada committing to reflect honestly and openly on the past and to forge a new relationship for the future."