The gang has been deemed the “Monsters of Motyzhyn” and has been officially identified by the Security Service of Ukraine. The group consists of eight Russian soldiers including three mercenaries from the Wagner Group - a Russian private military company with alleged ties to the Kremlin. The men are accused of torturing and killing civilians while they occupied the town of Motyzhyn approximately 30 miles west of Kyiv. The soldiers tried to win the support of local officials, but when they refused to cooperate, they allegedly were killed by Russian soldiers. The mayor of Motyzhyn, Oleg Sukhenko, her husband Igor and her son Alexander were reportedly kidnapped on March 23. Their bodies were found in a shallow grave behind a house which the Russian’s had been using as a barracks.  In a Facebook post, Ukraine’s Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova described what happened to them. She said: “Just in front of the mother, they first shot her son in the leg and then killed him with a shot in the head. The whole family died from multiple gunshot wounds.” She continued, describing other incidents of murder and torture. She said: “Think about the causes of another murder, one of their victims was shot for wearing black. Her father was taken hostage and kept in a barn handcuffed and blindfolded with virtually no food or water. READ MORE: 'There is no love' UK and US warned China will not back down  “Two volunteers who were trying to transport humanitarian aid to the locals to the occupied Motizhyn, after interrogation and torture, they were taken to the forest strip where they were shot. “Luckily, one of them survived.” The Prosecutor General also described how the Russian soldiers had set fire to multiple buildings in the town. The Russian soldiers then allegedly killed two members of the Patriot Civil Society and tied a man to a quad bike and forced him to run behind the vehicle for almost an hour. DON'T MISS:Queen 'spends a lot of time nurturing' Kate and William's relationship [LIVE]Rejoiner alliance threat: Boris warned Brexit could be REVERSED [REPORT]Peston: Boris torn apart by Labour MP who hopes he STAYS [ANALYSIS]  The news comes as the first Russian has been convicted of war crimes by Ukraine. Tank Commander Sgt Vadim Shishimarin was sentenced to life in prison by Ukraine for his involvement in shooting dead a civilian in February in the early stages of the war. The captured soldier admitted to shooting a 62-year-old man in the village of Chupakhivka. He claimed that he was following orders. Ukraine claims that more than 10,000 war crimes may have occurred. The International Criminal Court has sent a team of investigators to the country. 