The US President Joe Biden is suffering some of his worst ever ratings after months of downturn in public opinion, a new a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll found. The two-day national poll found that 59 percent of Americans disapproved of President Biden's performance. His overall approval rating fell down six percentage points from 42 percent last week. His approval rating has been below 50 percent since August 2021, when the botched evacuation of Afghanistan did serious damage to his worldwide reputation. The cracks are even beginning to show in his own party, as approval rating within the Democrats fell to 72 percent from 76 percent the prior week. Only 10 percent of Republicans approved of his job in the White House so far. READ MORE: Police in US offer petrol in gun amnesty President Biden’s stint in the Oval Office has been dogged, like much of the rest of the world, by a surge in inflation and consumer prices. Russia's invasion of Ukraine has driven fuel prices higher, and global supply chains still hindered by the coronavirus pandemic. To boot, this week has been a horrific week for the USA following a shooting at a school which killed 21 people, predominantly children aged 9 and 10 years old. The horrifying massacre is likely to deepen distrust of the President for failing to enact stricter gun controls. The shooting, which took place in Texas, is the worst shooting at a US school since a gunman killed 20 children and six adults at Sandy Hook elementary in Connecticut in 2012, and the worst shooting in the southern state’s history. Firearms were the leading cause of death for US children and adolescents in 2020. The attack came 10 days after a deadly racist rampage at a supermarket in Buffalo, New York, that claimed 10 lives in a predominantly Black neighbourhood. The President called for tighter gun laws and blamed the gun lobby for blocking enactment of tougher firearms laws. DON'T MISSPutin humiliated as ‘only a matter of time’ before Russia defaults [REPORT]Why gun mad America will weep for dead and move on - not change laws [OPINION]'How do you shoot this girl?' Father's heartbreak after Texas atrocity [INSIGHT] But Conservative political commentator Andrew Pierce surmised what a lot of people have been thinking about the President since the aftermath of the shooting. Mr Pierce told Jeremy Vine: “Biden is the most powerful man on the planet. He is the President of the United States and he is wringing his hands in despair. “He is helping arm Ukraine against the dreaded war criminal Vladimir Putin in Russia and yet he can’t fix this. “He’s been around Capitol Hill for 50 years, he knows the levers to pull. It’s down to a lack of will. “And the irony of this shooting is there will be a spike in gun sales because people will think ‘Oh my God, that could happen to me, so I need guns’.” He told Jeremy Vine: “Biden is the most powerful man on the planet. He is the President of the United States and he is wringing his hands in despair.” To a stunned America, the President tweeted in the aftermath of the shooting: “As a nation we must ask: When in God’s name will we stand up to the gun lobby? “When in God’s name will we do what needs to be done? “I’m sick and tired of it. We have to act.” Twitter users were keen to point out that he was, in fact, the President, following his remarks.