Chelsea could miss out on their top transfer targets this summer as Todd Boehly's purchase of the club prolongs, claims former Aston Villa star Gabriel Agbonlahor. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel admitted on Wednesday his side are behind other clubs in terms of planning their summer business. Boehly is set to complete his takeover of Chelsea in the next few days. But Tuchel has admitted not knowing who the owners will be has complicated matters. Chelsea are set to sign at least one defender this summer, with Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen leaving at the end of their contracts. Sevilla star Jules Kounde is their top target. However, Agbonlahor says the likes of Kounde could end up moving elsewhere if the takeover is not fully complete soon. He claims Tuchel must be in a position to sign players as soon as the season ends on Sunday. READ MORE: Man Utd scrap end of season awards as senior players make 'embarrassing' admission  Agbonlahor told talkSPORT: "The problem is he needs that takeover to go through soon because the season's finished in a few days. He needs to be bringing in players straight away. "Players that he might want, he's going to want to get them in, not let other teams sign them. They're losing Rudiger, they're losing Christensen. "They need to replace those two centre-halves because the centre-halves they've got at the moment are not as good. So they need to get the takeover sorted." Tuchel revealed earlier this week that he has an idea of the players he wants to sign this summer. However, he has been unable to relay that to club chiefs because the takeover is not complete. DON'T MISSMan Utd's Pogba 'agreed terms' with Man City before U-turn due to 'unbearable' fear [REPORT]Celtic can't resist trolling Rangers after Frankfurt Europa League glory [SOCIAL]Man Utd reach conclusion after ‘investigating’ leaks under Ralf Rangnick [REPORT]  Tuchel said: “We have an idea, but unfortunately, the guys don’t know that we have an idea, nor do the club. We have ideas, but we also need to find out what the ideas of the new owners are. "This is also a key point, and from there, we go. Normally, at this time of the season, you are contacting players, you are out, you get a feeling, a read, you have discussions, you have dialogue, you have feedback, you know who is committed, you find your targets, you sign your players, and you go from there to the next step. "Because we didn’t have this step, this is where we are. Everybody else is driving from the start, and you are still not finding the right gear to get your kickstart."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here