Her Majesty was welcomed with a huge roar from the crowds in Windsor as she arrived at the last night of A Gallop Through History. Very much in tune with the splendour of the event, the Queen arrived inside the arena in spectacular fashion in the back of a Range Rover.  After the door of the car was opened for her, the 96-year-old handed her walking stick to an aide and climbed down from the vehicle unaided. As she walked on the red carpet, the crowds stood up and continued to clap and roar in her honour. The Queen looked splendid as she donned a light blue outfit paired with a grey shawl and her signature pearl earrings. The sovereign was accompanied by Prince Edward, her youngest child and patron of the Royal Windsor Horse Show, which organised the much-anticipated event. The monarch, who sat near Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex, was spotted smiling widely throughout the 90-minute-long event, which led viewers on a journey through the past five centuries while paying a particular tribute to the sovereign's love for horses. Starting from the reign of Elizabeth I, performers sparked laughter and emotions in viewers by bringing back to life some of the key players and events in British history. The show saw more than 500 horses and 1000 people performing, and counted among its cast actors Damian Lewis, Dame Helen Mirren and Tom Cruise. In an interview with Phillip Schofield ahead of the show, Mr Cruise said he is "honoured" to take part in the event celebrating the Jubilee and spoke of his admiration for the Queen. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan had 'high price to pay' for Oprah interview Welsh mezzo-soprano Katherine Jenkins also said it is a major "honour" to take part in the event. She said: "It's a massive honour, of course, to be invited to sing for Her Majesty at any time, but I think especially for the show this evening. "I'm a massive fan of hers. I think she's, you know, so incredible, such a great role model and it's nice to have the opportunity to all come together and show our deep gratitude for all that she's done for the country and the Commonwealth." The equestrian extravaganza also included the King's Guard of Norway, sent over to Windsor by the Queen’s second cousin, King Harald of Norway. The splendid performance has been carried out every night since Wednesday. The charity performance was attended by Princess Beatrice and her husband, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. The first official night of the event presented the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester as royal guests, followed by the Earl and Countess of Wessex on Friday. Princess Anne and her husband Sir Timothy Laurence attended the exhibition on Saturday. Most notably, among the performers there was Lady Louise Windsor, who led a parade driving the carriage previously owned by Prince Philip while her proud parents and the Queen looked on. The Queen had already watched her 18-year-old granddaughter lead a parade at a daily event in Windsor on Friday. Then, the monarch stepped out of her residence to watch a few events hosted during the Royal Windsor Horse Show, an event the monarch hasn't missed since it was launched in 1943. The Queen, who has been battling mobility issues over the past few months which have severely reduced the number of events she has attended outside of Palace walls, was in high spirits during the day, as she also received a trophy after one of her highland ponies triumphed during a contest. Today's attendance at the A Gallop Through History event raised hopes among royal fans the Queen will be able to attend a few events marking her Jubilee during the extended bank holiday weekend from June 2 to 5. Royal watchers and commentators expressed their delight at seeing Her Majesty outside of her residence. Author Phil Dampier shared a snap of the monarch walking down the red carpet, adding on Twitter: "Great to see." Similarly, royal fan @bizarrolady said: "Lovely to see!" And the Mirror's royal correspondent Russell Myers added: "The Queen looks on fine form this evening." 