Prince Harry and Meghan Markle welcomed their son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor at the Portland Hospital in London on May 6, 2019. While many photos were taken of Archie as a baby when his parents were working royals, few have been released since the family moved to the US. So royal fans are undoubtedly eager to see a new snap of the Sussexes' son as he turns three. Based on past precedent, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex may release a new photo of their son for his third birthday, as they marked his second birthday with a photo in 2021. The couple shared a snap of Archie facing away from the camera, holding balloons on their Archewell website in May 2021. The picture was shared alongside a plea for donations to help poorer nations access Covid vaccinations. READ MORE: Meghan's reason to travel to Invictus Games questioned by expert  In 2020, the Sussex family also appeared in a video to mark Archie's first birthday for a charitable cause. Meghan read the story 'Duck Rabbit' to Archie while Harry was behind the camera filming the sweet family moment. The video was intended to support the Save The Children coronavirus fund and it was shared on the charity's social media pages. The Royal Family also paid tribute to Archie on his first and second birthday on social media, with both tweets from the official Twitter account, including sweet pictures of Archie as a baby.  Releasing pictures to mark birthdays is commonplace in the Royal Family, and a picture of the Queen with two ponies was taken especially for her 96th birthday last month. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge also release a new picture of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis every year to mark their birthdays. Earlier this month, Princess Charlotte's seventh birthday was celebrated with a sweet snap of her in Norfolk taken by her mum Kate, who is often on the other side of the lens for her children's birthday portraits. Other royal social media accounts also tend to wish other Royal Family members a happy birthday on their big days, so we might expect a shoutout for Archie from the accounts of the Queen, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge.  DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle's Netflix 'blow' sparks questions over Sussexes' return [ANALYSIS]Netflix axing of Pearl branded 'a complete disaster' for Meghan [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan poised to SNUB Queen's Jubilee [LIVE] Royal fans were last treated to a picture of Archie last December to mark Christmas 2021. The family snap showed a grown-up Archie sitting with his dad Harry, while Meghan was cradling her baby daughter Lilibet. The picture appeared on the Sussexes' Christmas card and it offered fans their first glimpse of the latest addition to the Sussex family. Baby Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor had been born six months prior in June, and until December her parents had not released a picture of her to the public. Alexi Lubomirski, the photographer who also snapped Meghan and Harry when they became engaged and got married, took the photo at the Sussexes' home in Santa Barbara, California. While Harry and Meghan have been out in recent weeks promoting the Invictus Games in The Hague, their children do not appear with them in public. 