NBC’s thrilling crime drama The Blacklist will officially be coming to an end this week when the season nine finale hits the screens. The series released a number of first-look images, one of which confirmed Cynthia Panabaker’s (played by Deirdre Lovejoy) return.  Panabaker was introduced to fans in season three as the one who arrived with US Marshals to escort Liz Keen (Megan Boone) to the federal courthouse. She essentially saved Liz’s life from execution as Peter Kotsiopulos (David Strathairn) and Laurel Hitchin (Christine Lahti) were trying to remove her under the guise of intel. As the United States Senator, Panabaker’s job was to basically clean up any legal mess from the FBI, the President, the US Department of Justice, the Attorney General and Red Reddington (James Spader). Back in season three, Laurel who was the Assistant Secretary of State described her as “a real pain in the ass”. READ MORE: Madeley confronts Sadiq Khan with furious viewers over partygate With such a serious job, Panabaker’s return could only suggest something important will take place in the finale. In the photo which confirmed her comeback she was in the Post Office and it looked as though she was interviewing an unidentified character. As the back of this person’s head is in the shot, it's believed they could be identified as Marvin Gerard (Fisher Stevens), who the Task Force desperately wants behind bars. It was recently discovered Marvin was the one who pushed Elias VanDyke (Lukas Hassel) to kill Liz in the shocking season eight finale.  Marvin was able to get inside his head and convince him to kill his enemy even though VanDyke was Neville Townsend’s (Red Rogers) henchman. In the episode titled ‘Konets’ Red was able to get instant revenge as the moment VanDyke killed Liz, he raised his weapon to shoot Red. However, Red was a quick thinker who, despite the shock, realised what was happening and fired a barrage of shots, which left VanDyke dead. As Townsend was found dead earlier in the episode, Marvin was the one who convinced VanDyke he would be avenging his boss’ death by killing Liz.  DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald opens up on unexpected living arrangements [INSIGHT]The Blacklist fans demand Dembe return after Red reunion [REACTION]The Blacklist season 9 theory: Marvin Gerard death 'sealed' [THEORY] Marvin was also believed to be behind the mysterious blackmail calls Agent Harold Cooper (Harry Lennix) was receiving throughout the season. Cooper was being framed for murdering his neighbour Doug Koster and he wasn’t able to prove his innocence as he had been drugged and woke up in his garage with no memory of the night before. It was revealed the person who killed the cop turned private investigator Reggie Cole also framed Harold and the Task Force believed the person was hired by Marvin. In order to clear his name, Harold was desperate for Marvin to be in prison.  Panabaker teamed up with the Task Force back in episode 14 for personal reasons when her daughter in law Sheila went missing. She needed their help to find out who was behind her abduction when she was found to be malnourished with heart damage and in a medical coma. Also, Sheila mysteriously had the names of two other missing women carved into her legs and Panabaker was determined to find out who was behind the kidnapping ring. With the US Senator only working alongside the Task Force in very serious cases, fans will need to tune into the finale to discover the reason for her comeback. The Blacklist is available on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 