The agent of Stuttgart midfielder Orel Mangala has confirmed Manchester United are interested in signing his client as Erik ten Hag targets a replacement for Nemanja Matic. The Serbian will be one of several departures at the end of the season after outlining his desire to move onto pastures new after five seasons at Old Trafford.  Meanwhile, Ten Hag and the United board are beginning to devise a list of transfer targets. Frenkie de Jong is top of the bill - particularly when midfielders are concerned - but it appears there are other alternative options on the agenda. Mehmet Eser, the agent of Mangala, has confirmed to United-based news account @mufcMPB that there is interest from the Red Devils. The Belgian can also leave Stuttgart for as little as £13million (€15m) in the coming months. READ MORE: Man Utd 'have three signings on table' as Erik ten Hag transfer budget revealed Mangala himself confirmed back in March that he intended to leave the Bundesliga club at the end of the campaign. "In the summer it may indeed be time for a change of air," Mangala told Het Nieuwsblad. "It's true that the biggest clubs in Europe have me on their radar, but I can't mention any names. I can only say that I am looking for a nice sporting project. I want to go to a club where I can develop." The 24-year-old has previously been considered by Southampton but eventually stayed in Germany, where he has also had spells with Borussia Dortmund's youth team and Hamburg. DON'T MISSMan Utd rocked with Newcastle to celebrate Prem survival with '£60m Darwin Nunez bid'Erik ten Hag can weaken PSV for Ajax with exceptional Man Utd midfield signingCristiano Ronaldo 'has view on Man Utd signing striker' with Erik ten Hag meeting planned Mangala received his first international caps from Belgium earlier this year and he could become a key part of the national team moving forward, if he continues to develop at such an exciting rate. It's job done at Stuttgart as far as the player is concerned after helping his current side preserve their top-flight status on the final day of the campaign. Stuttgart survived by the skin of their teeth on goal difference after netting a stoppage-time winner against Koln. Now there could be a number of changes at the club. Star striker Sasa Kalajdzic has also been linked with a move to Old Trafford. Manchester United will reportedly have up to £120m to spend on incomings this summer and at least two central midfielders will be on the agenda. Paul Pogba is set to follow Matic out the door with his reps now in talks with Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain. It's an area of United's squad that is now in desperate need of improvement, even before outgoings are considered. There could yet be room for James Garner in United's ranks following an excellent loan spell with Nottingham Forest.