Susanna Reid argued there must be no checks between the north and south of the island of Ireland as the dispute over Northern Ireland's position after Brexit was reignited. The debate grew intense over the weekend following Sinn Feín's surge into power, with unionist parties not leading the executive for the first time in nearly a century. Ms Reid questioned the future of the arrangement with the European Union under a new First Minister after years of the DUP pressuring for a change to avoid any border forming with the UK as well as the Republic of Ireland. Ms Reid said: "Where does the border go? "Either the border and checks go in between British mainland and Northern Ireland, so you have it in the Irish Sea. "Or it goes between Northern Ireland and the EU, which is the Irish Republic. And that cannot happen either. "So what has to happen, does the EU needs to accept there can't be checks between Northern Ireland and the Republic for this to be fixed." JUST IN: Stealth raid on pensions to cost cash-strapped British workers £6BILLION Former political editor George Pascoe-Watson said: "That is the question. "And as somebody said to me last week, the East-West border as it currently is in the Irish Sea doesn't kill people, but the North-South does kill people. "And that is what this is all about." The Stormont Executive has been unable to fully function since February when first minister Paul Givan resigned as part of the DUP's efforts to force action against the Northern Ireland Protocol. READ MORE: Bookmakers slash odds on UK fully rejoining EU by 2026 after major 'catalyst' DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson has signalled the UK government must act over concerns about the post-Brexit trading arrangements before his party will nominate ministers to a new Executive. On Sunday, Sir Jeffrey's party colleague Jonathan Buckley said: "Either the secretary of state wants an executive, or a protocol - he can't have both." Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis will meet Sinn Fein leader Michelle O'Neill, her DUP counterpart Jeffrey Donaldson, and the leaders of the Alliance, UUP, and SDLP parties to encourage them to restore the devolved institutions. DON'T MISS: Keir Starmer POLL: Should Durham Police reopen lockdown beers probe? (POLL)Flight attendant explains 'how to ask' for free upgrade - 'I'd give' (REVEAL)Couple left ‘penniless and homeless’ by vicious Facebook scam (INSIGHT) Mr Lewis said in a statement: "The people of Northern Ireland deserve a stable and accountable devolved government and I will continue to urge the leaders of Northern Ireland political parties to fulfill their responsibilities and form an executive as soon as possible." The frontbencher said London "would not shy away from taking further steps if necessary" to address the protocol if an agreement with Brussels could not be reached. He added: "However, the people of Northern Ireland need a stable and accountable government that delivers on the issues that are important to them." Dominic Raab said on Sunday the political stability of Northern Ireland was in peril until problems with the protocol governing post-Brexit trade were fixed.