Meghan Markle was spotted laying flowers at a makeshift memorial for the 19 students and two teachers slain in the school shooting at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas. The Duchess of Sussex sported a simple white shirt and jeans paired up with trainers and a blue hat pulled down on her face. Her "personal" visit to the shooting site sparked questions, with Daily Express' Royal Roundup host Pandora Forsyth noting Meghan would have been under scrutiny for her reaction to the horrific event regardless of whether she visited Texas. Speaking to GB News, Ms Forsyth said: "That was a personal visit. In the case of Meghan, she's damned if she does, and damned if she doesn't." Host Anne Robinson however cut in to point out that "she took a camera crew with her." Ms Forsyth explained: "Well, wherever she goes, she will be followed by cameras. "I don't actually think she needs to take a camera crew with her because she knows that there'll be cameras around her anyway. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG "It's a case that if she didn't, people would say, 'oh, why hasn't she?'" But Ms Robinson argued the Duchess of Sussex did not have to play any role in the shooting response as she is no longer a representative of the Royal Family or any such institution. She said: "They wouldn't, would they? Because she doesn't have a role in this. If it happened in Britain, God forbid, we would expect a senior royal to." Ms Forsyth however pointed out: "I will say though we did see with the Sarah Everard case the Duchess of Cambridge went." READ MORE: Jubilee beacons map: Where the nearest beacon event is to YOU - mapped Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge was photographed walking towards a memorial in honour of Sarah Everard at Clapham Common in March last year. The Duchess was dressed casually and appeared unaccompanied bar for the presence of a female security officer walking alongside her. The GB News presenter insisted Kate had not advertised her presence despite it being justified by her prominent position within the Royal Family. Ms Robinson added: "She has a role to play. We would expect a senior royal to go. DON'T MISS: 'Really weird place' Meghan and Harry stuck 'in limbo' as Sussexes 'play royal' in US [LATEST]Royal POLL: Should Britons sing Sweet Caroline for Queen? [INSIGHT]Queen's historic coronation close-up only captured by cameraman's 'naughty' trick [ANALYSIS] READ MORE: Jubilee beacons map: Where the nearest beacon event is to YOU - mapped "Whereas Meghan went to have her picture taken, is what a lot of people are saying." Ms Forsyth reiterated her assessment that Meghan Markle would have faced scrutiny regardless of her decision to visit or not Texas. She said: "It's very much a case where if she doesn't, they'll say why didn't you? And if she did, they'd say why are you doing this?" In addition to laying flower at the memorial, the Duchess of Sussex also mingled with the local community as she donated blood. A volunteer working at Uvalde's community centre said: "She did not want anybody to know who she was." And another added: "I had no idea who she was. She just was carrying on a conversation like her and I knew each other for years. "We were just talking about, you know, the situation and what happened, what we were doing here. I told her about us giving out water to the people and feeding them.”