Ms Rudik, who learned how to handle a gun during Russia's invasion of Ukraine, explained how she "would be good" at killing Vladimir Putin. Asked what she would say to Putin, Ms Rudik replied: "Nothing, you have to shoot when you see him." Presenter Matt Frei said: "Kill him?" The MP continued: "Of course. "That's what you're supposed to do. "My move would be to shoot... I trained for two months, I think I would be good." READ MORE: Russian pundit says US crossed 'red line' to provoke retaliation  It comes as Ukrainian forces may have to retreat from their last pocket in the Luhansk region to avoid being captured, a Ukrainian official said, as Russian troops press an advance in the east that has shifted the momentum of the three-month-old war. A withdrawal could bring President Putin closer to his goal of capturing eastern Ukraine's Luhansk and Donetsk regions in full. His troops have gained ground in the two areas collectively known as the Donbas while blasting some towns to wastelands. Luhansk's governor, Serhiy Gaidai, said Russian troops had entered Sievierodonetsk, the largest Donbas city still held by Ukraine, after trying to trap Ukrainian forces there for days, though adding that Russian forces would not be able to capture the Luhansk region "as analysts have predicted". "We will have enough strength and resources to defend ourselves. However, it is possible that in order not to be surrounded we will have to retreat," Gaidai said on Telegram. Gaidai said 90 percent of buildings in Sievierodonetsk were damaged with 14 high-rises destroyed in the latest shelling. Russia's separatist proxies said they controlled Lyman, a railway hub west of Sievierodonetsk. DON'T MISS ‘It’s the same’: Russia attacks hospitals as Putin reuses Syria tactic [INSIGHT]Horror as Russia launches terrifying new 'Zircon’ hypersonic missile [VIDEO]Turkey SHATTERS Boris' NATO dream as masterplan to topple Putin ended [ANALYSIS] Ukraine said Russia had captured most of Lyman but that its forces were blocking an advance to Sloviansk, to the southwest. President Volodymyr Zelensky said Ukraine was protecting its land "as much as our current defence resources allow". Ukraine's military said it had repelled eight attacks in Donetsk and Luhansk on Friday, destroying tanks and armoured vehicles. "If the occupiers think that Lyman and Sievierodonetsk will be theirs, they are wrong. Donbas will be Ukrainian," Zelensky said in an address.