ITV's daytime royalty Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield presented Tuesday's instalment of This Morning live from Buckingham Palace to celebrate the Queen's 70-year-reign on the throne. However, many viewers felt it was "absolutely tone deaf" to film the special in a palace in the current climate as the cost-of-living crisis continues to affect millions of Britons.   Holly donned a floaty floral yellow dress while Phillip opted for a smart navy suit and tie to host Tuesday's special. As the show began, the duo made their way to the grand entrance door of Buckingham Palace while a regal version of the This Morning theme tune was played. During the instalment, Holly and Phillip toured the palace's decadent hallways and tranquil garden before Gok Wan showed viewers outfits worn by the monarch. Gyles Brandreth and Eurovision Song Contest star Sam Ryder were also invited into the palace to be interviewed for the ITV special.   However, viewers were left divided over This Morning being filmed in one of the Queen's palaces. Craig McNien fumed on Twitter: "Absolutely tone-deaf, the country is on its knees and they think it's a good idea to show people the inside of Buckingham Palace. #ThisMorning." Valarie Fox echoed Craig's remark, adding: "@ITV, #ThisMorning is totally tone-deaf today." Katie raged: "#ThisMorning at Buckingham Palace is infuriating. Look at everything they have, all that money, all those possessions - whilst the cost of living has the rest of us in crisis mode."   @itslinzislife sarcastically added: "#ThisMorning is relatable as ever. One day discussing food poverty and the energy crisis, the next day sat in a palace surrounded by priceless art and jewels. Secure that knighthood." However, Holly and Phillip's Buckingham Palace appearance was still a hit with other viewers who enjoyed having a sneak peek at the inside of the palace. Lea Walker said: "Oh my god I’m loving #ThisMorning today. Love our amazing Queen." (sic) Wando added: "Good to see Holly Willoughby presenting from Buckingham Palace on This Morning." (sic)    While a large segment of the episode was filmed in Buckingham Palace, the second half of the show was hosted by Alison Hammond back in the This Morning studio. Alison interviewed a little girl who enjoyed dressing up as the monarch who appeared on the show with her mother and she later interviewed music legend Barry Manilow. Phillip and Holly announced the exciting news they would be hosting from Buckingham Palace on Monday. Two members of the London Fanfare Trumpets began playing and Gyles walked through the studio doors and read out an exclusive invitation from the palace.   He said: “Dear Mr Schofield and Ms Willoughby, you have been given a royal appointment for tomorrow, as we will be broadcasting live from Buckingham Palace to mark Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee. "You will be taking a look back at the Queen’s magnificent 70 years as sovereign, with a host of special guests. "We look forward to welcoming you live from 10 o’clock as the celebrations begin at Buckingham Palace.” This Morning continues on weekdays at 10am on ITV. 