Crowds were seen looking up at the sky in photos posted to Twitter as the aircraft flew overhead. Twitter users initially believed it was a British Airways passenger plane but the airline confirmed the plane did not belong to them. Images have been shared on Twitter as a witness tweeted: "An airliner aeroplane has just flown LOW over Trafalgar Square flanked by fighter jets!!"  The flypast across London is part of the celebrations welcoming Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida to the country. Prime Minister Boris Johnson welcomed his counterpart to the city with an inspection of troops. The aim of the visit will be to bolster ties in defence and trade. With talks expected to focus on measures to put pressure on Russian President Vladimir Putin over his country's invasion of Ukraine, the two leaders will also agree in principle on a defence agreement allowing British and Japanese forces to work together. Reacting to the fly-past, many took to Twitter to share images and comments. David Hatton said: "Just saw what seems to be an RAF Voyager & two escorting Typhoons fly low past Royston – presumably for today’s visit of the Japanese PM to Downing Street that includes an RAF flypast. "Unfortunately, taken in great haste through double glazing, so not a clear view!" Gerald Martin gave a similar context by saying: "Spotted the RAF flypast this morning over Wandsworth. "In honour of the Japanese Prime Minister, Fumio Kishida. "RAF VIP Voyager A330 "Vespina" flanked by Typhoon jets." READ MORE:RAF Voyager spotted heading over Estonia in major NATO operation Many debated whether the Voyager was actually a British Airways aircraft. Chris Rich said: "Wasn’t a BA plane, was an RAF Voyager (which has Union Jack tail so easily confused), part of flypast for Japanese PM." This was backed up by Callum who said: "That's not British Airways, that's RAF Voyager." DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated as Russian soldiers claims army has 'no training' [REPORT]Putin reeling as leading propagandist 'arrested' [REVEAL]Russia 'on way to being new North Korea' [OPINION] The RAF Voyager was recently used by The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge during their visit to the Caribbean. According to the RAF, the Voyager is the sole air-to-air refuelling (AAR) tanker and also operates as strategic air transport. The aircraft is in service as the Voyager KC.Mk 2, equipped with two underwing pods for refuelling fast jets, and as the Voyager KC.Mk 3, with an additional centreline hose for use by large aircraft. Alternatively, it can operate as a passenger aircraft in much the same way as a civilian airliner, and deliver personnel safely into the theatre thanks to its defensive aids suite. The 'Vespina' version of the Voyager seen flying over London recently underwent a £900k paint job. The new colours proudly display the Union Jack on the tail fin aimed at marketing UK PLC as a global brand. The job of this specific Voyager aircraft, say the MoD, is to provide a secure, cost-effective and suitably profiled transport for Government Ministers and the Royal Family. A statement following the rebrand from the Government said “The aircraft now proudly displays the Union Flag alongside RAF markings and is ready to represent the UK across the globe.” Air Commodore Simon Edwards, the Senior Responsible officer for the project said: “This project was a privilege to have been involved in and I am delighted to have seen it delivered so quickly and efficiently, together with our industry partners. "The aircraft’s new paint scheme will better reflect its prestige role which we are proud to undertake.”  