Lorraine and her journalist guests Robert Moore and Ayesha Hazarika discussed the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, which will be celebrated next month, when they appeared on Monday's instalment of her ITV talk show. When Ayesha talked about Prince William and Kate Middleton's disastrous eight-day tour of the Caribbean, where they stopped off in Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas, Lorraine revealed she still feels awkward about it. ITV journalist Robert began: "We've got a generational shift in society and in the Royal Family, clearly over the next few years. "If there's a more informal and less sort of protocol-ridden environment for the Royal Family to make it more accessible is always going to be good. Lorraine interjected: "And the Jubilee hopefully won't be overshadowed by all of the rest of what's going on. Scottish broadcaster Ayesha added: "I hope so, but on that point, I made Prince Harry a pauper a couple of years ago in Edinburgh. READ MORE: Lorraine staggered by Andrew's 'fat cow' comment to ex Sarah "He came to do a thing and we were about to go on stage and he said, 'Listen, I don't want to be called Prince Harry, just tell them to call me Harry.' "So I said, 'He said he doesn't want to be called Prince Harry, just call him Harry.' "So I think this is a move that has been going on for quite a long time to make things a bit more informal. "The Royal Family, if anything from the Caribbean trip, they need to calm and make it more modern."  Following her comments, Lorraine added: "My toes are still curling from that! They need to do their thing." It's been reported the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge want to scrap formality – including curtsies and bows – when on duty. It is understood they want to be "more approachable, less formal, less stuffy and breakaway with a lot of the tradition". A source told The Mirror: “When the team arrived back in London the couple had a debrief with aides.  DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly says Katie Hopkins is only star banned from her show [LATEST]Lorraine Kelly, 62, wows at BAFTAs despite previous red carpet fears  [UPDATE]Lorraine Kelly mocks Boris for 'underestimating' Susanna Reid [INTERVIEW] “They went over everything and pinpointed specific things that went wrong and how to improve moving forward. “The general consensus was that the tour seemed out of date, out of touch, too formal and stuffy. “So now it’s more ‘Wills and Kate’ instead of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge... ‘Just call me Wills’ type of thing." While the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were welcomed by hundreds of cheering well-wishers in the Caribbean, some of their visits also featured “pitfalls” in which the pair fell at times, royal expert Russell Myers has claimed.  The Royals were criticised for riding standing up in an open-top Land Rover during the inaugural Commissioning Parade on March 24. When the couple arrived in Jamaica, they were met by widespread protests from locals. Many protesters demanded that the British monarchy atones for their acts of slavery in the island nation with reparations. Lorraine continues weekdays at 9am on ITV. 