Britain's Got Talent has been airing on ITV and fans have enjoyed watching the quirky acts auditioning for a place in the live semi-finals. The audition process has almost come to an end, with the first of the live shows airing on Monday, May 30. Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams will return this weekend along with Ant and Dec as the 15th series continues. The nationwide talent search continues as a variety of acts take to the stage in the hope of winning the chance to perform at the Royal Variety Performance. This year's winner will also receive a cash prize of £250,000 and there are some strong contenders. Tonight's episode, on May 28, will air from 8pm and it is a slightly shorter episode this week. Instead of the usual hour and 20 minutes, the episode will air for an hour and five minutes, finishing at 9.05pm. The Britain's Got Talent 2022 live shows will then begin on Monday, May 30 at 8pm. READ MORE: Britain’s Got Talent in fix row as viewers slam ‘set up’ act The semi-finals will air every night from Monday to Friday, with the judges and the public picking two acts to go through to the final each time. This all leads up to the grand final which will air at 7.30pm on Sunday, June 5 on ITV. The two-and-a-half-hour finale will see ten finalists compete to be crowned the 2022 winner. This weekend, the lineup of semi-final acts will be confirmed. They will join the golden buzzer performers including singer Loren Allred, comedian Axel Blake, dancers Born to Perform, magician Keiichi Iwasaki and music act Flintz & T4ylor. The latest round of auditions left fans in shock as they discovered one of the acts is in a relationship with a famous actor. The musical theatre group Welsh of the West End impressed the judges with their Greatest Showman number. One of the group's members, Jade Davies, is the girlfriend of Bridgerton actor, Luke Newton. Luke plays Colin Bridgerton in the Netflix hit series. Jade is also the sister of former Love Island winner Amber Davies. DON'T MISS... Britain's Got Talent fans slam magic act after spotting 'clear' issue [DISCUSSION] 'It's not Britain's Got Amateur Talent!' Jordan Banjo blasts BGT 'fix [INSIGHT] Britain's Got Talent fans distracted by Amanda Holden's habit [DISCUSSION] The revelation comes after viewers made claims about this season being "fixed", due to the contestants having links with other talent. A BGT spokesperson said in response to the claims: "All acts enter the competition with the hope of elevating their career to the highest level and help to reach massive new audiences which Britain's Got Talent brings in. "As we're all aware, the pandemic affected so many lives, particularly those that work in the entertainment industry, and it is wrong to deny these people the opportunity to showcase their talents and entertain the nation, and ultimately perform in front of royalty at the Royal Variety Performance. "As has always been the case, Britain's Got Talent is open to everyone." Judge Amanda Holden shared a video of the current panel as they marked 10 years on the talent show together. The series first aired in 2007, when the main judges were Simon, Amanda and Piers Morgan. Alesha Dixon and David Walliams joined the panel for season six and it has remained this way ever since.  Britain's Got Talents airs on ITV on Saturdays at 8pm.