Married At First Sight Australia has been airing on E4 in the UK and the 2022 season was full of dramatic twists. Tamara Djordjevic was paired with Brent Vitiello, but they broke up during their final vows. Fans are wondering if Tamara is now dating Mitch Eynaud, the ex-husband of Ella Ding. Tamara and Mitch seemed close throughout the filming process for the ninth season. Their unlikely friendship sparked romance rumours after they both broke up with their previous partners. Tamara, 30, has updated fans and set the record straight via her Instagram story. When asked whether she and Mitch were together, she responded: "Most asked question in the question box." READ MORE: TalkTV's James Max shocked as caller cuts off heating to save money She confirmed the pair were just good friends and were not dating. She said: "Mitch and I are really good friends. "I want to set the record straight by saying that we only became friends months after filming had ended. "We obviously didn't talk after the Commitment Ceremony. "One day we were like 'let's put our differences aside,' and got to know each other. "We have great banter and got heaps in common." She went on to praise Mitch for being so supportive of her during the whole process. The star added: "Unless you've been through this MAFS experience you don't know what it's like. "Mitch and I had similar struggles and just bonded a natural friendship so that's all that is." Tamara said she was happy for Ella Ding, who has found a close bond with her ex-husband Brent. She and Mitch were seen attending the launch of Celebrity Slim's Skinny B***h low-calorie wine range on the Gold Coast. DON'T MISS... Tom Cruise jibes at James Corden after quitting Late Show [DISCUSSION] Are Domenica and Jack from MAFS Australia back together? [INSIGHT] Ella and Brent MAFS Australia: Are Ella and Brent dating? [EXPLAINER]  They posed for selfies together at the side of the pool and appeared friendly with each other. Mitch and his wife Ella ended their relationship just days after they filmed the Married At First Sight reunion. During the reunion, it was revealed Tamara had asked Mitch if he wanted to hang out during filming, but nothing ever came of it. Since then, they have become close and have confided in one another about their journies on the series. Tamara is on Instagram and at the start of April 2022, she reflected on her time on the series. She said: "Arriving at our honeymoon I was so full of hope and positive about what the future could bring. "Outside of this experiment I am a completely different person, grounded by my family and friends inside my comfort zone, I’m laid back and fun-loving about anything I do in life and that’s why I wanted to give this a go because really, I like to give anything a go. "Unless you’ve been through this experiment you will never truly understand the struggle or toll it takes from being so far from your comfort zone and nothing could prepare you. "When I wrote leave was when I couldn’t try anymore. Confused with why Brent wanted to stay when we were not getting along, and the spark was not there. "I became spiteful and my defence mechanisms kicked in. Despite what happened, I did try to get to know Brent and I did try to understand him or else why would this person want to stay with me? There was a lot to our story and always two sides to it."  Married At First Sight Australia is available to watch on All4.