Frenkie de Jong WILL become Manchester United's first signing of the Erik ten Hag era, it has been claimed. Conflicting reports have surfaced about the Barcelona star over the past 24 hours. But talk of a move to Old Trafford in this summer's transfer window is gathering momentum. On Wednesday night, it was claimed that a deal to take De Jong to United in this summer’s transfer window was ’95 per cent done’. And, now, Gerard Romero has insisted on Twitch that the Netherlands international will indeed become the club’s first signing. What’s more, John Murtough is said to have driven the deal after being in talks with Barcelona ‘for months’. "John Murtough has been speaking to Barca for months now,” he said on the platform. “Frenkie de Jong will be Erik ten Hag's first signing at Manchester United." Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings It was Romero who, on Wednesday night, claimed a deal to take De Jong to United was moving with speed. And that he’s now doubled down on his previous comments suggests the Red Devils are genuinely close to snapping him up. Other reports have said De Jong is interested in a move to United. Yet some have also suggested his preference would be to stay at Barcelona, where he’s been ever since leaving Ajax three years ago. It’s also been mooted that De Jong would only leave Barcelona for a team playing in the Champions League as well, a tournament United won’t be in next term following their dire season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But, in the past, United have still been able to secure big-name arrivals without having Champions League football to offer. In 2014, after toiling under David Moyes, Ed Woodward wanted the club to bounce back. And United then proceeded to land Angel Di Maria, who left Real Madrid just months after playing a key role as they won the Champions League. Two years later, at the start of the Jose Mourinho era, United beat Los Blancos to the signing of Paul Pogba from Juventus. And, in 2019, Solskjaer was able to bring in the likes of Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire and Daniel James despite the team finishing sixth in the table. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz De Jong isn’t just a target for United, however. Manchester City are also interested, though the bulk of their summer budget has gone on a fee and wages for Borussia Dortmund’s Erling Haaland. And Bayern Munich can’t be ruled out either as Julian Nagelsmann looks to win the Champions League at the second time of asking. Speaking earlier in the season, meanwhile, Liverpool icon John Barnes insisted De Jong would be the perfect replacement for Pogba. “Frenkie de Jong would be a brilliant signing for Manchester United,” Barnes told BonusCodeBets. “It looks like Paul Pogba is on his way out of the club so bringing in a replacement for him is very important. “Especially if that person is a young and talented player who will get the opportunity to be one of the main players at the club. “He has everything in terms of passing range, intensity and a great attitude. It’s exactly what Manchester United need in midfield. “That was their plan with Donny van de Beek, but of course he’s been stifled by other players in his position playing better than him. “However, bringing De Jong in and putting him straight into the side and being trusted would be good for both Manchester United and him.” “Especially if that person is a young and talented player who will get the opportunity to be one of the main players at the club. “He has everything in terms of passing range, intensity and a great attitude. It’s exactly what Manchester United need in midfield. “That was their plan with Donny van de Beek, but of course he’s been stifled by other players in his position playing better than him. “However, bringing De Jong in and putting him straight into the side and being trusted would be good for both Manchester United and him.”