The forthcoming polls will either grant or deprive Mr Macron of a National Assembly majority. The "image-conscious" President, a professor in French Politics has told Express.co.uk, has appointed Élisabeth Borne as Prime Minister to help him "enter his second term as a reformist" without "stealing any limelight" from him. Mr Macron's choice was a strategic one, Professor James Shields believes. He said: "All French prime ministers get the job because it suits the president. That's in the nature of presidential powers under the Fifth Republic Constitution." But with Nationalist rival Marine Le Pen and extreme-left runner-up Jean-Luc Mélenchon doing all they can to boost their chances in the législatives this summer, Ms Borne's appointment seems even more so relevant. France's Socialist Party and the far-left France Unbowed agreed to form an electoral coalition that they hope will unseat Mr Macron's parliamentary majority. READ MORE: Emmanuel Macron mocked after comparing himself to TWO Gods in bizarre speech Further, although Mr Macron won with 58.54 percent of the votes, April's elections are set to be remembered for the remarkable success of the radical parties and for an abstention rate that settled at 28.1 percent – the highest since 1969. That said, according to Prof Shields, there is a "marketing element" in Ms Borne's appointment. He claimed: "After a presidential election marked by high abstention and record scores for far-right and far-left, Macron is keen to show that he understands voters' impatience for greener and more socially inclusive policies. "Following two centre-right Prime Ministers in [Édouard] Philippe and [Jean] Castex, a prime minister with centre-left credentials will help counter the charge that Macron is a 'president of the rich'. "If she [Ms Borne] has any political footprint, it is on the centre-left." The 61-year-old ticks a range of key boxes, the professor argued – one of them being she is a woman. She's "only the second female prime minister in the history of the 64-year-old Fifth Republic" as well as a "former environment and labour minister", he said. DON'T MISSMacron scrambles to make peace with Australia after fuss over AUKUS [INSIGHT]France humiliated on EU military might as Ukraine turns to NATO [REPORT]Boris blows Macron and ALL major leaders out of water as US favourite [ANALYSIS] Importantly, Prof Shields added, she isn't all that different to the President: "She is loyal to her bosses and tirelessly efficient. "Like Macron, she loves detail and is reportedly a workaholic. "She can be trusted to get on with the thankless job of implementing the president’s second-term agenda, driving difficult reforms on cost of living, employment, the environment, and the explosive issue of raising the pension age from 62 to 65." However, in order to get the plates spinning on all of the above matters, Mr Macron needs a majority next month.