Reports from the Kyiv Independent say Anatoly Shariy was detained in Spain according to information from the Ukrainian Security Services, the SBU. Mr Shariy a popular YouTube blogger who is critical of the Kyiv regime and its various right-wing nationalist militias has likewise been targeted by Zelensky and the SBU since the beginning of the war. Speaking with MPN News, Mr Shariy reported recently being made aware of an assassination attempt by the SBU after receiving an obviously staged email from a friend looking to pin down Mr Shariy’s daily whereabouts. Ukrainian authorities suspect Mr Shariy of being guilty of “high Treason.” Despite living abroad since 2012, Mr Shariy’s address and personal details were even published on the Myrotvorets (Peacemaker) online database with names of supposed “enemies of the state.” Since the beginning of the war, Mr Shariy has been subject to protests and harassment by right-wing thugs outside his home in Spain. A former supporter of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky during his presidential campaign against former President Petro Poroshenko, the arrested Youtuber has also been accused of “treason” and had his political party, the Shariy party, banned by Mr Zelensky’s order in March. READ MORE: Mariupol theatre death toll doubles to 600 Prior to Mr Shariy's party being banned, Ukrainian nationalists marched to the Security Service of Ukraine and the Ministry of Justice of Ukraine to demand the banning of the Opposition Platform - For Life political party of politician Viktor Medvedchuk and the Party of Shariy of blogger and journalist Anatoly Shariy. The SBU claims he helped organise pro-Russia media campaigns. Mr Shariy denies the accusations. Mr Shariy is a former journalist who fled Ukraine for Spain in 2012 after authorities opened a criminal case against him for assault. He received asylum in Spain at the time. DON'T MISS:Angela Rayner told to stop repeating 'unreliable' claim [REPORT]US 'Doomsday' plane preparing for action [REVEAL]Putin's 'Doomsday' plane seen near Moscow [INSIGHT] Mr Shariy is the latest pro-Russian politician to face trouble in recent weeks. Ukraine earlier this month sanctioned lawmakers Viktor Medvedchuk and Taras Kozak, who are considered to be close to the Kremlin. Putin has long used propaganda and disinformation techniques online, using influencers around the world to disseminate Russian orders and political sway. Recently an abandoned factory in St Petersburg was exposed as housing a team of internet trolls responsible for spreading lies and recruiting sympathisers. Online operatives were found to be ordering followers to target western media outlets and politicians, according to research funded by the UK Government, which plans to share it with major online platforms and other governments. The troll factory is suspected to be linked to Yevgeny Prigozhin, the founder of the Internet Research Agency accused of meddling in the 2016 election that saw Donald Trump win the presidency. The headquarters is allegedly located in a rented space in St Petersburg’s Arsenal Machine-building Factory, a company that manufactures military equipment and technology.  