Speaking on GB News, journalist and broadcaster Robert Jobson and host Eamonn Holmes discussed Prince William's royal role, ahead of his 40th birthday in June, and the royal expert claimed that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge "will be the stars" once William's father, Charles becomes King. The Prince of Wales is currently first in line to the throne and has taken on an increasing number of roles from the Queen, 96, over recent years. Mr Jobson said: "I think she's [Kate] a tremendous lady", and added, "the family are a credit to him [William]". He added: "When she's on the trips, which we recently did the Caribbean, which got a lot of negative publicity, was probably a little bit misguided. "She was terrific, it's a great counterbalance to him and there as a team, they really look the part." Speaking of the couple getting off the plane on their royal tours, Mr Jobson added: "They look very much like they, as you say, ready, they could easily be the King and Queen now". READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Netflix cancel deal with Meghan and Harry? The royal expert added that once Charles becomes King, he will take on a "more patriarchal role" and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge "will be the stars". He referred to the couple as the "Prince and Princess of Wales", as Duke of Cambridge is expected to be handed down the title once Charles becomes king. Prince William, 39, is the eldest son of Prince Charles and the late, Diana, Princess of Wales. He is second in line to the throne after his father. READ MORE: 'Proud' Meghan Markle 'won't take advice' on how to deliver projects 'That's the trouble' In recent months, since the Queen's ongoing health struggles began, other members of the Royal Family, particularly Charles and William, have been stepping up to represent the 96-year-old at royal engagements. Last month, Prince William stepped in for his grandmother at the Anzac Day service. He laid a wreath on behalf of the Queen at the Anzac Day ceremony at the Cenotaph, Kensington Palace. DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO] The Duke of Cambridge attended the service alongside the Duke of Gloucester. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge recently celebrated their 11th wedding anniversary. They got married on April 29, 2011 in a sumptuous ceremony at Westminster Abbey.