The popular game show has been an ITV staple since 2009, but things could have been very different if a major change wasn't implemented at the last minute. Executive producer Sue Allison admitted the programme was deemed "boring" just before it went on air, meaning a drastic change had to be made, which has become an iconic feature of the show. Sue explained: "The show that was commissioned for that pilot series, the way it used to work is that there was no cash builder." The producer continued: "A contestant would go up to the board and would answer questions going up the board. "And then when you got as far as you did, you'd say, 'Oh no I'm going to stop now,' and the Chaser would come out and chase you back down the board." The format would have remained in this way if it weren't for a last-minute criticism from an ITV boss. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth on co-star Alexander Dreymon "And we did a run-through for Alison Sharman, who was our commissioner for ITV, of this version of the show," Sue added. "And it was really quite close to when we were going into studio. "It was just quite slow, quite slow going up the board and it was a long time until the Chaser came out and all of that. And at the end of it, she said, 'Well I think our viewers will be bored to tears if we put that out. I think we need to change it.' "We were like, 'Oh my god.' Literally, we were a couple of weeks out." Speaking to TV Show and Tell podcast, Sue continued: "That was when the cash builder was invented, which was much better and the offers and all of that, it was good. "It was a really good thing that happened and that those changes that were made." Reflecting, she remarked: "If you look at the set, where they come and stand for the cash builder, it’s like a sort of nowhere place. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Double exit for Janine and Scarlett [THEORY]Great British Sewing Bee fans horrified by 'creepy' costume [REACTION]Antiques Roadshow expert horrified by condition of Harry Potter books [VIDEO] "In between the contestant area and the board and they just stand there and they’re back by moving lights or whatever - but it’s a bit nothing-y, isn’t it? "If you think about it, that’s because we hadn’t designed the set with that in mind. "That change was made, it was too late to do anything about it. "So it sort of makes me laugh when I see international versions and they have the opportunity to build their new set and they still don’t have a place for that!" The cash builder round takes pace before the Chaser appears and is a series of quick-fire questions. The Chasers make their offers on the board depending on how much a contestant managed to secure in the cash builder. Thousands of episodes have aired since, with several spin-offs starring the Chasers and celebrity contestants have also aired. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.