Meghan Markle's recent appearances alongside Prince Harry have sparked claims that "all is not well" for the Sussexes. Daily Mail diary editor Richard Eden told Palace Confidential this week that Meghan's presence at polo events with Harry shows that the couple might be struggling with Netflix and Spotify deals. He remarked that the recent cancellation of the animated series Pearl on Netflix had hit Meghan hard after she had devoted "a lot of time and effort" to the series. Mr Eden said that the couple had "over-extended themselves" with all their financial commitments. He explained: "I do sense there's a bit of trouble there really. "It's very curious all these photos of Meghan getting involved with all these polo events. “I remember writing about the polo back in Britain years ago that Meghan wasn’t very keen for Harry to play in polo matches unless it could be guaranteed that it would raise £1million for charity each time." JUST IN: 'Divisive' Meghan and Harry brace for backlash from royal superfans  Mr Eden continued: “She felt that it was kind of beneath him to be playing in matches that would just make a few thousand pounds when he should be going for the big-ticket matches. "But here he is, playing polo every week, and we’ve got Meghan turning up at all these events, handing over trophies, the same way she turned up at the Invictus Games. "To me, that’s an indication that all’s not well." Meghan was spotted accompanying Harry at a polo event in California on Sunday. She presented her husband's polo team Los Padres with the Lisle Nixon Memorial trophy after they won the event at the Santa Barbara Polo & Racquet Club.  He suggested the couple were scrambling to maintain their celebrity status. The royal expert noted: "They have had to cope with changing plans, they put a lot of effort into developing Pearl. "They invested a lot of hope in that. "A lot seems in flux, like Harry's memoir as well." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'No drama!' Sussexes offer olive branch to Queen [LIVE BLOG]Meghan's 'political gesture' analysed - 'First Lady' mannerism exposed [ANALYSIS]Furious Britons fed up with Remainers shaming Union Jack display [VIDEO]  This comes as the Duke and Duchess prepare for their first major trip to the UK since their departure to the US, for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee next weekend. However, Buckingham Palace announced that the couple will not be on the balcony when Queen Elizabeth greets the public on June 2 for Trooping the Colour. The visit will give the chance for the Royal Family to meet Lilibet in person after she was born in June last year at a Santa Barbara hospital. According to reports in The Sun, the Duke and Duchess have told the Queen that they will keep a low profile during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations next weekend. There had been fears that Harry and Meghan could threaten to overshadow the Queen during her celebration weekend. 