Tottenham are set to battle with Arsenal for the signing of Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus, according to reports. Spurs have already pipped the Gunners to fourth spot in the Premier League and are hoping to beat them to one of their top summer transfer targets. Tottenham secured Champions League qualification on Sunday with a 5-0 win over relegated Norwich, beating north London rivals Arsenal to fourth by two points. And the rivalry between the two clubs is set to continue during the summer transfer window. The Telegraph claims Spurs are keen on signing Jesus following confirmation of them finishing in the top four. They now have the extra lure of Champions League football to offer the Brazilian. Arsenal have already held talks with Jesus' agent regarding a potential move to the Emirates. But Tottenham's interest could be a major problem in their pursuit of the 25-year-old. READ MORE: Man Utd's five likeliest summer signings with Erik ten Hag era now set to commence  Spurs have long wanted to sign a striker who can fill in for Harry Kane and also play alongside the England captain. Jesus has the ability to play across the frontline and has showcased that under Pep Guardiola at the Etihad. Arsenal's interest in Jesus surfaced in April. Since then, he has been a regular starter for City. However, his overall lack of game time has been a reason for not signing an extension to his contract. Jesus' current deal expires at the end of next season so City could sell this summer to prevent the risk of losing him for free. Jesus helped City beat Aston Villa on Sunday to secure their fourth Premier League title in five years. But the impending arrival of Erling Haaland could further restrict the forward's playing time. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo ‘missed Man Utd farewell meal’ as Ralf Rangnick details emerge [REPORT]Liverpool fans 'scammed' as Anfield celebrated third Aston Villa goal during Wolves win [PICS]Man Utd boss Rangnick's final three words as boss after criticising Fernandes [QUOTES]  Arsenal are in desperate need for reinforcement up top. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both out of contract this summer. If the duo leave, that would mean Folarin Balogun is the only remaining senior forward at the club but he is yet to score in the top flight. Mikel Arteta wants to sign two forwards, with Jesus high up his list of targets. Spurs boss Antonio Conte is also keen to strengthen his squad in his first summer in charge. The same report says the Italian wants to sign a centre-back and central midfielder. The signings of Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur in January have proved successful pieces of business by the Italian. Beating their bitter rivals to Jesus would be another smart signing as well as giving the club's supporters further bragging rights over their Arsenal counterparts.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here