Mike Tindall, 43, took part in his yearly charity golf day today, the Celebrity Golf Classic. This raises money for The Cure Parkinson’s Trust and The Matt Hampson Foundation. He posted several videos on his Instagram page showing off his golf skills.  The royal dressed in a red polo top and also a pair of £31.49 ‘Shot of the day shorts’ from Royal and Awesome. The golf shorts were royal blue and decorated with neon pink, yellow and light blue bottles and drink glasses. Mike posed with his wife, Zara on Instagram with the caption: “Couldn’t resist getting a photo with my sporting idol!!!” On his Instagram story, there were also a couple of snaps of the rugby star with Autumn Phillips.  READ MORE: 'Frazzled': Kate Middleton 'un-regal' at Pippa's wedding Autumn was previously married to Peter Phillips, Zara’s older brother, from 2008 to 2021. What was the body language like between Peter, Zara and Autumn? Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain more. She said: “There’s often a need to perform poses of polite unity after a divorce splits a family.  “But often it’s all just rigid social smiles and awkward body poses to mask the underlying aggro from the children. “Or, it’s to avoid causing tension at family gatherings,” the expert claimed. But how are these images of the Tindalls and Autumn different? “This suggests the apparently good relationship between Peter Phillips and his ex-wife are genuine and extend through the family too.  “This suggests the apparently good relationship between Peter Philips and his ex-wife are genuine and extend through the family too. “Zara and Mike treat Autumn as a very close friend and even playmate here. “They are adopting comedy poses that suggest shared fun that goes on behind the scenes as well as in public.” How tight does their bond appear to be from these images?  Judi added: “This looks like tightly bonded, mutual affection and delight at being in each other’s company. “Even the normally playful Mike and Zara seem inspired to go even further with Autumn to get a laugh here than they would normally do.” Zara and Autumn were both wearing the same red ISPS hoodies which sponsor Mike’s golf event. Mike and Zara have been married since 2011 and live on the Gatcombe Park estate in Gloucestershire. 