  TalkTV host Piers Morgan has warned he is becoming increasingly concerned about the Queen’s health. His fears come after it was announced that she would miss the state Opening of the British Parliament tomorrow due to “episodic mobility problems”.      Piers, 57, shared his concerns about the Queen, 96, on social media today. In view of his 7.9 million Twitter followers, he retweeted a post from ex-ITV colleague Chris Ship, which outlined what had happened. Chris, who is ITV News’ Royal Editor, told his 118,000 followers: “The Queen has been forced to pull out of the big State Opening of Parliament tomorrow.” He then shared an official statement from Buckingham Palace, which read: “The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady     “At Her Majesty’s request, and with the agreement of the relevant authorities, The Prince of Wales will read The Queen’s speech on Her Majesty’s behalf, with The Duke of Cambridge also in attendance.” “The Queen has issued new Letters Patent to delegate to Counsellors of State the Royal function of State Opening of Parliament,” Chris added. “It means this year - for the first time - Prince Charles and Prince William (as Counsellors of State) will open this session of Parliament.” In reaction to this news, Piers tweeted: “This is not good. Getting more and more concerned about the Queen’s health.”     Weighing in on the issue, the Guardian’s Parliamentary sketch writer John Crace offered a different perspective. He told Piers: “Surely it's the expectation that at 96 she can keep up the same schedule she did 20 years that is the problem.” “It’s the fact she can’t do an increasing number of things she did every year until now that is worrying,” Piers replied. Piers shared the news of the Queen’s impending absence with his viewers on Talk TV earlier tonight. READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson unleashes fury over James Corden at Grand Prix [INSIGHT] Lorraine Kelly says Katie Hopkins is only star banned from her show [LATEST] Monty Don sparks frenzy as he announces 'perfect' new family arrival [UPDATE]     “Incredibly, the last time she missed this ceremony was in 1963,” Piers said. “She hasn’t missed it in my lifetime. “And she’s only ever missed it twice in her 70-year reign - both times due to pregnancy. “We know the Queen struggled increasingly with her health, including a bout of Covid in February,” he continued. “But I'm sure I speak for all of us when I say I sincerely wish her the very speediest of recoveries, particularly with the Platinum Jubilee celebrations coming up fast.”      Prince Charles and Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, have jointly been given the authority to open Parliament on the Queen’s behalf tomorrow. The Imperial State Crown will still be brought to Parliament - and the monarch’s throne will remain empty, with Prince Charles, Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, and Prince William expected to sit in front of the assembled parliamentarians. The State Opening of Parliament marks the start of the parliamentary year, with the Queen's speech setting out the agenda of the government and the laws that it wants to introduce. A No 10 spokesman said: “The prime minister fully respects the wishes of Her Majesty and is grateful to the Prince of Wales for agreeing to deliver the speech on her behalf.”   