Amidst the brutal invasion of Ukraine, Russia is celebrating Victory Day today, commemorating the defeat of Nazi Germany in World War 2. During the parade, Moscow showcased its terrifying 50,000kg thermonuclear intercontinental ballistic missile, in a terrifying threat to the West. This Victory Day also marks the day that Putin reportedly wants to deal a decisive blow to Ukraine by. Experts believe that the thermonuclear RS-24 Yars, nicknamed the "monster missile", can carry up to 10 warheads, and boasts of a range of 12,000 kilometres. For the West, the missile, which can cruise at speeds of up to 24,500 kilometres per hour will be a show of force and a stark reminder of what Putin could unleash in Europe if tensions reach boiling point between Russia and NATO. These speeds mean that the missile could be launched from Moscow and reach London- which is 3738 kilometres away in approximately 9 minutes and 9 seconds The RS-24 Yars is an intercontinental ballistic missile that can be launched on the road or from nuclear silos. These missiles can be launched very quickly, taking only seven minutes to prep the missile for launch. The missile can also be equipped with the Avangard hypersonic gliding re-entry vehicle that would make it extremely fast and easily manoeuvrable. This deadly weapon is an updated version of the TOPOL-M, and stands on a 16×16 wheeled chassis similar to its predecessor. By showing off his giant missile, along with other Russian weapons, troops and vehicles, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said that the Russian leader's goal is to intimidate the world. In a speech at the National Army Museum in London, Mr Wallace said: "Really what President Putin wants is the Russian people and the world to be awed and intimidated by the ongoing memorial to militarism. READ MORE: EU facing humiliation as Turkey and China may 'take advantage'  "I believe the ongoing and unprovoked conflict in Ukraine does nothing but dishonour those same soldiers." Putin is reportedly growing frustrated with the progress of the war in Ukraine, having taken far more casualties than originally expected, with Ukrainian forces even forcing a retreat of Russian troops. As the war drags on, fears are growing that Russia may step up its missile strikes on Ukraine. These fears came true six missiles hit the southern Ukrainian port city of Odesa on Saturday, according to a spokeswoman for Ukraine's southern military command. DON'T MISS: Ukraine obliterates Russian troops by dropping grenades from drone [REVEAL] Archaeologists stunned by engineering discovery in Petra [REPORT] How the UK, US and their allies could respond to a nuclear attack [INSIGHT]  According to spokeswoman Natalia Humeniu, four rockets struck a furniture factory in a residential area, while two more landed on an already damaged runway strip During the parade, eight MiG-29 fighters also flew past in a 'Z' formation, which is the insignia used by Putin's military as a symbol of its military action in Ukraine. This comes amidst reports Russia will also showcase the Ilyushin II-80, dubbed the “Doomsday” plane, which is a Russian-built aircraft with emergency strategic equipment built which is designed protect Putin from a nuclear attack. The aircraft has highly distinctive features including a windowless fuselage and an exaggerated radar detection dome on the roof of the cockpit. THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW