Cristiano Ronaldo could return to Real Madrid this summer. Reports over the weekend said the Manchester United star was wanted back by Los Blancos, who believe he ‘guarantees goals’. And it seems like the Red Devils are facing a repeat of what happened back in 2009. In 2009, United were forced to let Ronaldo go after Real Madrid submitted a world-record bid of £80million for the player. And he went on to etch his name into the Bernabeu history books, scoring 450 goals and propelling the club to four Champions League crowns. These days, Ronaldo is still going strong. He’s scored 23 goals for United this term, more than other strikers such as Mason Greenwood, Marcus Rashford and Edinson Cavani combined. Yet the Red Devils could be about to lose their talisman with Real Madrid open to having him back. So, with that being the case, it’s time to throw things back to what Ronaldo has said about his move away from the La Liga champions back in 2018. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings That year, he moved to Juventus for a massive £88million. And Ronaldo, speaking after he quit Real, insisted that he decided to leave because he didn’t feel valued by Florentino Perez, the club’s president. “I felt it inside the club, especially from the president, that they no longer considered me the same way that they did in the start,” he said. “In the first four or five years there I had the feeling of being ‘Cristiano Ronaldo’. “Less afterwards. The president looked at me through eyes that didn’t want to say the same thing, as if I was no longer indispensable to them, if you know what I mean. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “That’s what made me think about leaving. “Sometimes I’d look at the news, where they were saying I was asking to leave. “There was a bit of that but the truth is I always had the impression the president would not hold me back. “If it had all been about money, I’d have moved to China, where I would have earned five times as much than here [at Juventus] or at Real. “I did not come to Juve for the money. I earned the same in Madrid, if not more. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “The difference is that, at Juve, they really wanted me. They told me that and made it clear. They showed me that. “The truth is that the president wanted me but, at the same time, he made it known to me that my departure would not constitute a problem.” Ronaldo left shortly after Zinedine Zidane stepped down as Real boss for the first time. But the United star also insisted that the exit of the Frenchman wasn’t behind his own departure. “My decision to leave was not based on his departure,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “That being the case, it’s one of those little things that made me feel a bit better in terms of what I thought of the situation at the club.” While Ronaldo was frustrated by the way Perez treated him, the two have reconciled and put aside their differences. The United star was invited to watch El Clasico in 2019 and seemed to enjoy himself as Real won the game. And, now, it’s possible he’ll play at the Bernabeu again with Los Blancos keen on a spectacular summer swansong.