Fans of NBC’s thrilling crime series said a tearful goodbye to two beloved characters after it was announced the cast was getting smaller. As one of the show’s longest-serving cast members, Amir Arison who starred as Aram Mojtabi left fans emotional after releasing a touching statement on Twitter.  Although season nine recently ended, viewers should expect a huge casting shakeup when The Blacklist returns for season 10, as two beloved characters will not return. Amir Arison, who made his first appearance in season one as Aram Mojtabi, took to Twitter to confirm his departure. The actor first joined the show as a recurring character but was then promoted to a series regular in season two. Throughout the series, his character played a key role in the team of FBI Agents as the Special Agent Strategic and Tactical Technician.  READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show Amir will be leaving The Blacklist to make his Broadway debut on ‘The Kite Runner,’ which he described as an “opportunity to fulfil another childhood dream”. Thanking the fans, the cast and the crew for their support, Amir wrote: “The Blacklist changed my life, I have made lifelong friends, learned so much along the way and have met countless wonderful people from all over the world who support the show.” Despite this he did hint at a comeback in season 10: “Aram remains ‘alive’ with the potential for a possible return at some point.” During the finale, after the team successfully closed the chapter on Liz Keen’s (Megan Boone) death, he told them: “It’s been three years since we lost Elizabeth, in some ways, it’s gotten easier but in most ways, it still hurts.  “After a lot of careful reflection, I have decided to take some time away. I do not know how long, but I do know…away.” During the final scenes, FBI Agent Alina Park (Laura Sohn) also shared a special announcement and revealed she was pregnant. While it was likely to be the cause of her worsening headaches she decided to take medical leave until she knew for certain. Laura joined The Blacklist in Season 7 as a recurring and was promoted to series regular beginning with Season 8.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double Dingle death as two iconic characters leave [THEORY]The Blacklist’s Amir Arison pays tribute to co-stars after exit [INSIGHT]The Blacklist season 10: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT] According to Deadline Laura was “leaving the series to pursue other projects”. Fans were devastated to find out about the two major exits and shared their upset on social media. Responding to the announcement @Aliwanjire wrote: “Thank You for 9 incredible years Amir, you'll Be Sorely missed.” A bitter @OAgbama added: “Gonna miss Aram n Alina!”  @kweatherly33 stated: “So sad to see [Amir Arison] leaving the Blacklist, you will be missed as well, Laura Sohn. “ A distraught @mrsgabriel15 tweeted: “My heart is truly broken to hear this as [Amir Arison] is by far one of my favourites on the show.” While @AlyB1223 wrote: “Best of luck to [Amir Arison] and Laura Sohn in their future careers! “ Thankfully for fans, The Blacklist will return to NBC for season 10 which is expected to be released in 2023. The Blacklist is available on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 