April, 38, is a stay at home mum of seven teenagers, with the cost of children being so high already, she shared how she keeps the costs down and the food hot on the table. Alongside catering for her family of nine, she voluntarily feeds roughly 200 people every Sunday at her church without costing an arm and a leg thanks to her unique shopping methods. April appeared on TLC’s Extreme Couponing, and noted she is often called the ‘Coupon General’ due to her disciplined approach. She said: “I take care of a small troupe of people and I tend to be a little militant.” During the show, she went to restock her supplies for two months of feeding the parishioners at her Sunday mass. She explained it’s not a simple meal she slaps together either. April added: “Every Sunday we feed the people at our mass which is about 200. I’m not talking about doughnuts and coffee, I’m talking chicken tetrazine, french toast casserole.” READ MORE: Santander is offering a 2.5 percent interest rate and you only need £1 to start saving Usually, her grocery shop for this endeavour would have a retail value of $1,000 (£814) but she often spends less than $100 (£81.49). In this particular trip, she maintained her $100 (£81.49) budget and took six of her teenagers in tow to assist. She said: “I definitely have to keep them in line and it’s helpful to be a little militant.” April explained that it’s not just her coupon collecting skills that keep the bills down, but also her understanding of how grocery stores work. Pointing to the pasta aisle, she commented: "You see how the name brand products are here and the store products are right next to it? “People read from left to right so when your eye moves this way it encourages you to buy the store products rather than buying the name brand products but they don’t have coupons on store products. “Free always tastes better.” The boxes of pasta she chose, which did have applicable coupons, retailed at $1.69 (£1.38) but were on sale, offering five for $5(£4.07). This essentially brought down the cost of each box to $1 (£0.81), and April had a $0.50 (£0.41) coupon which would be doubled, making every one of the 100 boxes she got absolutely free. Similarly, she added some snack mix to her shopping trolley, usually $3 (£2.44) a pack but on sale five for $5 (£4.07) and adding her coupons would make each pack $0.50 (£0.41). After two and a half hours of shopping, April and her six teenagers made their way to the till with six full trolleys and over 400 items. April admitted this is where the concern began to build: “I’m starting to have a little anxiety, my stomach is really nauseous.” Once all her items were scanned, April’s shopping trip had a retail cost of $1,146.13 (£933.99) but just through utilising the store discounts she was only due to pay $549.33 (£447.65) without using a single coupon. She exclaimed: “I’ve saved $500 (£407.45) already, excellent!” Unfortunately, halfway through scanning the coupons the capacity of the store’s checkout system had been breached, with the manager not having the security clearance to override or fix it. This meant the cashier had to enter over 300 coupons by hand, with April spending two hours at the checkout. At the very end, April’s total after coupons was just $33.61 (£27.39). This total included 32 bottles of sports drinks, 60 bags of salad and 200 boxes of pasta. April noted that the ability to get such low costs on a vast amount of products was not just a happy moment for her family, but allowed her to help others. She said: “For me couponing is the ability to help others and do it in a way that I can’t financially, I wouldn’t be able to help others at all if I didn’t coupon.”