New Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag ‘needs convincing’ on Marcus Rashford, according to reports. Staff at Old Trafford have been urging the Dutchman to stand by the 24-year-old, despite his poor form this season. But it appears his future is still unclear as the summer transfer window edges closer. Rashford has been a regular for United under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer prior to the 49-year-old’s sacking in November. But he’s struggled for form under Ralf Rangnick and, with just one game left this season, has scored just five goals. Rangnick has regularly talked up Rashford’s form in training and, according to The Sun, staff members consider him to be worth keeping. However, it’s claimed Ten Hag ‘needs convincing’ over whether the England international can be part of his plans. The Dutchman plans on signing a new forward regardless, with the 52-year-old eager to ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo. But, with Rashford, it appears there’s division behind the scenes. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings He’s always been a huge asset for the Red Devils, ever since bursting onto the scene in 2016 under Louis van Gaal. Yet Rashford’s alarming dip in form has led to some to call on the club to let him go so he can revive his career elsewhere. Rangnick is said to be ‘at a loss’ as to why the United star can turn it on in training but then struggle on the field. And Rashford is poised to end the current campaign with his worst goalscoring stats. He’d previously managed 21 goals across all competitions under Solskjaer last term, helping them reach the Europa League final. And, the year before that, the United star netted 22 times to propel his team into the Champions League. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Rashford, as a local lad, is said to have never previously wanted to leave Old Trafford behind. Yet he’s been considering his future having fallen behind Anthony Elanga in Rangnick’s pecking order since the German’s appointment earlier this season. Arsenal have been put forward as potential suitors. But their failure to qualify for the Champions League could count against them, with the Gunners expected to be playing in the Europa League instead after a recent collapse. Newcastle have also been keeping tabs on Rashford as they hunt a marquee signing. Yet with the Toon not qualifying for Europe, they also appear to miss out. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Barcelona have long admired Rashford yet, due to their financial situation, will struggle to seal a deal. But Paris Saint-Germain could feasibly act if, as expected, Kylian Mbappe departs to Real Madrid. Meanwhile, speaking recently, Louis Saha had some unorthodox advice for Rashford. He urged the England international to go on holiday to get his head right - and recommended Las Vegas. "I think he needs to go on a holiday, have a Las Vegas trip and enjoy himself as much as he can!” he stated. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He should not be dropping in confidence at all. "This guy is an amazing player, for me, he just needs a rest and some time to think about his career and what he wants next. “He has a massive future at United, yes he's struggling, but when you look at his potential and ability, it's nothing that dramatic that he can’t recover from. "He just needs to get back to where he was when he was 19, not overthinking, or thinking about his status. “Just work hard, play with a smile and everything will be fine. There is no one with his qualities, this guy has it all."