If passengers miss a flight and the airline cancelled it with less than two weeks’ notice they should get their money back. They are also entitled to a seat on a plane on the same day even if it’s with a rival airline. However, passengers will sadly not have the same rights if they miss a flight because they weren’t at the gate on time. Even if the security queues were extremely long, it is likely to be seen as the passenger’s fault that they weren’t at the gate. Passengers are only entitled to a refund if the airline cancels their flight and can also be compensated if the flight is delayed. Flight Delayed said: “What most people don’t realise is that airlines will most likely deny you boarding if the long queues cause you not to arrive at the check-in desk or gate on time, despite what airport personnel may tell you. READ MORE: BA cancels more than 100 flights - full list “If you’ve arrived late at the airport at your own fault, unfortunately, the airline is not forced to provide you with a replacement flight and you will have to cover the expenses if you still want to travel to your final destination.” TravelSupermarket said: “Unfortunately if you’ve missed your flight through a fault of your own, you will not receive a refund from the airline. “Generally, the only time you will get your money back is if the airline cancels your flight.” If passengers are stuck in a queue but are in with a chance of making the flight, it’s worth speaking to a member of staff. A member of staff might allow a passenger to move further up the queue if they’re lucky but unfortunately, this won’t always be the case. Passengers could also try contacting their airline. If a lot of the plane’s passengers are stuck in the queue, the airline may choose to delay the flight. The airline may also be able to move a passenger onto another flight and remove checked luggage from the plane. However, the airline isn’t obligated to put a passenger on another flight if they’ve missed it due to queues. Passengers on Ryanair could pay a £100 “missed departure” fee to rebook on another flight if they are within an hour of their original departure time. easyJet offers a £100 rescue fee to rebook passengers if they arrive within two hours of their original flight time. It states: “To do this, you must present yourself, with valid documents, to our ground crew at the bag drop at the airport within two hours following your missed flight’s scheduled departure time.” British tourists are advised to travel to the airport with as much time as possible due to queues. Passengers can also ensure that any hand luggage liquids are under 100ml if they want a smooth security experience. They must also be sealed within a clear plastic bag which is available at most airports although some UK airports charge a small fee. Passengers cannot take through liquids in bottles larger than 100ml even if the bottle is half empty. British tourists will also need to remove laptops from hand luggage so they can be scanned separately.