Lee Westwood has defended his decision to apply to compete in the Saudi-backed LIV Golf Invitational Series, comparing the situation to the ownership of Newcastle United. The newly proposed golf series has sent shockwaves across the golfing world in recent months, as it looks to tempt the globe’s best players with mammoth prize money. The series - fronted by former world No 1 Greg Norman - has been heavily criticised, with heavy critics labelling it as Saudi Arabian sportswashing. The sport’s two leading circuits, the DP World and PGA Tour, are said to heavily oppose the idea, with chiefs reportedly threatening life bans from tours and the Ryder Cup to those who compete. Despite the threats a number of players have stated their intentions to compete at the Series’ inaugural event at Centurion Club in London next month, including European stalwart Westwood. Defending his decision, the ex world No 1 compared Saudi Arabia’s involvement with golf to newly bought Premier League side, Newcastle United, Formula 1, boxing and a whole host of other marquee sporting events. He told Sky Sports News: “We've played European Tour in Saudi Arabia and I've had releases from the PGA Tour to say I can play in Saudi Arabia, so it has been no problem to them in previous years. Formula One raced there. Newcastle United are owned partly by people from Saudi Arabia. DON'T MISS: Tiger Woods' Masters wisdom credited for spurring star's masterclass in Mexico  “There has been boxing there and I think there has been snooker and darts there as well. Golf's not the first sport to have links with Saudi Arabia, but it seems to be coming under more scrutiny than anyone else. Whether you think that's right or not is the individual's opinion.” Referring to the Saudi’s well documented human rights abuses and controversies, he added: “I think Saudi Arabia obviously knows they've got issues. I think lots of countries around the world have got issues and I think they're trying to improve. They're trying to do it through sport, which a lot of places, a lot of countries do.  “I think they're doing it a lot quicker than some countries have tried to do it and that maybe worries or scares people. People don't like change do they, they like continuity and things to stay the same.” Westwood had been made a hot tip to captain Europe’s Ryder Cup team at some stage in the not too distant future, however involvement in the newly-backed series could well hamper this. On the decision, the Englishman revealed it is now over to European (DP World) Tour chiefs to make the decision. He commented: “That ball is in the European Tour's court. I have no influence over the way they think. I am an independent contractor. I work for myself, it's my job, and I have to do what's right for me." 