NBC’s highly acclaimed crime series Law and Order returned for another thrilling instalment and this time the showdown happened in the courtroom. After the verdict was reached, fans were left feeling sorry for Nolan Price (played by Hugh Dancy) who suffered his first huge loss in the courtroom.  After a 10-year hiatus, Law and Order made its huge comeback to screens in February with its 21st instalment. The show saw a number of familiar faces reprise their roles, while a ton of new characters joined the roster. This included actor High Dancy, who joined the cast of Law and Order as Jack McCoy’s (Sam Waterstone) senior assistant district attorney Nolan Price. He was hired to replace Michael Cutter (Linus Roache) who left to become the Bureau Chief for the Special Victims Unit. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Andrea Tate returns as she's Gabby's stalker On the recent episode of Law and Order titled ‘Severance,’ Price was in court defending the case of a victim Alexis Morphew who was found dead. When the detectives discover Collin Bakeri’s DNA under her fingernails, he was charged with murder in the first degree. During the trial, he claimed to have visited Alexis to salvage a deal which went wrong and blacked out. As a result, Colin’s lawyer asks for him to be examined for Havana syndrome, however, Price wasn’t having it and stated the condition wouldn’t cause him to murder someone.  After an examination, it was revealed Colin had a preexisting condition, Havana syndrome which he sought medical help in 2017. Price was still in disbelief and he asked him why he didn’t call an ambulance after realising what he did, Colin disclosed that he panicked and ran home, unaware of how bad his condition had become. A verdict was reached and Colin was found not guilty by reason of mental disease, which was a huge blow for Price. This case was also his first loss, which led to viewers feeling sorry for him and as a result, they expressed their sorrow on social media. DON'T MISS...Steph McGovern and partner forced to make change due to daughter [INSIGHT]Law and Order: SVU set for upheaval after showrunner exits [INSIGHT]Law and Order Organized Crime’s Bell star on opening up to Stabler [INSIGHT]  @NOLADonnica warned: “Nolan, don't let your ego get in the way.” As @thatgirlxf anticipated: “I don’t think Nolan going to win this one, better listen to Jack McCoy.” @AllEliteJKT agreed: “This case is getting too tricky. I’m sensing a first loss here for Nolan.” While @ngozi_nnaka stuck with Nolan and tweeted: “Thank you Nolan! Ain’t nobody else with Havana Syndrome kill someone.”  Although this was a loss of the Assistant District Attorney, fans can expect to see more tense court scenes, as the series continues. Ahead of the show’s comeback, Sam Waterston told TV Line: “Nolan is the one who’s working his tail off and will have the satisfaction of killing the bull every week.” However, there could be even more clashes for Nolan and McCoy when it comes to their cases. Executive producer Rick Eid told Distractify, that although Nolan deeply respects Jack and appreciates his advice they “look at the world a little differently and might have different perspectives on how to try a murder case in 2022.” Law and Order is available on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 