Dan Walker has been hosting BBC Breakfast since 2016. He stunned viewers last month when he announced he would be leaving the flagship news programme to move over to Channel 5. While the dad-of-three's replacement has not been officially announced yet by BBC bosses, his co-star Jon Kay could be the broadcaster to step up to the plate.  Jon, 52, regularly stands in for Dan, as well as Charlie Stayt, when they are on holiday. He has been part of the BBC Breakfast team for more than a decade and is said to have "great on-screen chemistry" with hosts Naga Munchetty and Sally Nugent. Jon, who also has three children, is the frontrunner to replace Dan when he hosts his final instalment of BBC Breakfast on Tuesday. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said he has "beaten off stiff competition" from popular broadcasters such as The One Show presenter Gethin Jones.  READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee viewers slam 'disrespectful' Tom Cruise chat  Alex explained: “It’s looking increasingly likely that BBC chiefs have found Dan Walker’s replacement. “And he’s no stranger to the Breakfast family, with Jon Kay pulling away from the chasing pack. "Gethin Jones was favourite to get the gig once upon a time but has seen his odds drift over the last few days, and it now looks as though it’s Kay’s role if he wants it,” Alex told Daily Star. However, a spokesperson from the BBC told Express.co.uk recruitment is still going on.    Dan confirmed his time on the breakfast news programme would be coming to an end in a social media post in April. The former Strictly Come Dancing star told his array of followers he was leaving for a "fantastic opportunity". “I’m going to go and do the news on Channel 5," he said at the time. He added: "It’s a fantastic opportunity and new challenges in life are always good. "And if you can grab them and do them to the best of your ability, you see what happens next don’t you." “I love working alongside Sally and I love the team there. DON'T MISS...Dan Walker bids farewell as BBC co-star leaves [LATEST]Dan Walker's fears as UK tops Eurovision leaderboard 'Is it bad?' [EUROVISION]Dan Walker shares snap with Helen Skelton after her split from ex [UPDATE]   "But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans. And I don’t think opportunities like this come around very often. And I can’t wait." Dan has recently spoken out about the five separate alarms he has set for years to get up to host BBC Breakfast. The first is set for 3.01am with the final one being timed for 3.19am. It comes after Dan suffered a morning mishap last Wednesday with his alarms.   Taking to his social media accounts, the 45-year-old almost missed his shift as he had forgotten to set his alarms the night before. Dan wrote to his followers: "My last ever Wednesday on #BBCBreakfast and guess what? I forgot to set my alarms for the first time in six years. "Thankfully the body clock kicked in and I wasn't too late. I hope you can join us today. I'll sort out a proper alarm for next week." BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays at 6am on BBC One.  