Former French Prime Minister Manuel Valls warned Mr Macron that politicians on his left and right will continue to push for protests. In the past, the French President has had to contend with the large Yellow Vest protest movement, which called for his resignation. Mr Valls said: "These risks of blockades and violence exist, especially since political leaders on the far right as well as the far left continue to push them." He added: “We are witnessing a dropout of people who do not believe in political speech, or the media. They do not feel respected.” Speaking on Grand-Rendez-Vous on CNEWS, he said that, to Macron, France is a country of rebels and a resurgence in protest movements was possible, adding that Macron would need to treat the issue with “respect”. Mr Valls added: “All the actions of the President of the Republic, the Government as well as the majority must go in this direction: respect and consideration.”  Just last week, on May 1, tens of thousands of protesters gathered across France to mark May Day and protest against the newly re-elected Macron. Around 250 protests were held around the country, with many particularly angry about Mr Macron’s plans to raise the retirement age from 62 to 65, something he says is necessary if the Government is to provide good retirement benefits. The French President has backed down on this policy in the past after facing strong opposition. In Paris, some demonstrators broke bank windows and scrawled anti-capitalist slogans on a McDonald’s. Police used tear gas to try to break up the protests. READ MORE: Lord Frost urges Boris to trigger Article 16 as he slams EU negotiator  The news comes as left wing parties aim to strike an agreement before the June legislative elections following leftist defeats in the first round of the election. Far-left French leader Melenchon condemned the violence in Paris, saying it overshadowed the needs of the workers. Former Prime Minister Manuel Valls was critical of the leftist alliances saying they were “not real”. He said: “My opponents in this campaign are the extremes and more particularly Melenchonism." He added: "Voting for this candidate is to vote for a candidate who is against Europe, against the Atlantic alliance that profoundly changes our diplomacy, against the police and security, against nuclear power, against growth and employment.” DON'T MISS:Brexit POLL: Do you regret leaving EU after academic's warning? VOTE [POLL]Priti Patel claims Rwanda immigration plan 'will take time' [REPORT]Keir Starmer will NOT be fined over Beergate, warns Tory MP [REVEAL]   It is yet to be seen whether these simmering divisions in France will translate into more violent protests in the future. In the past, such violent protests have centred around economic justice and have resulted in fierce clashes between protesters and the police. Some of the protests have resulted in deaths. The Yellow Vest protests, named for the hi-vis vests mandatory in all French motor vehicles, took Paris by surprise in late 2018 and resulted in the chaotic storming of the Arc de Triomphe in the centre of the city. One pensioner from Verdun told France 24 at the time: “Can you not hear the anguish across France? Try to feel it, in Paris, the anger is mounting everywhere.” Additional reporting Maria Ortega 