Throughout her life, Queen Elizabeth II has owned many dogs and she is also known for her love of horses. A video, posted by 9honey, details a list of five facts that even royal fans may not know about the Queen, with one being the many "unexpected" animals owned by the 96-year-old. In the video, Karishma Sarkari said: "We all know about the Queen's love of Corgis but Her Majesty also owns a number of unexpected animals as well. "All the swans, porpoise, sturgeons, whales, and dolphins in the UK are considered the monarch's. "She also owns an elephant, two giant turtles, a jaguar, and a pair of sloths, all gifts from other countries. "[These all] live at London Zoo". READ MORE: Royal heartbreak: How Queen Mother secretly battled cancer decades before her death The Queen's father King George VI, who was then the Duke of York, presented his daughter, then six, and her sister Margaret with a corgi called Dookie. As well as her love of Pembroke Welsh corgis, the Queen loves ‘dorgis’, which are a crossbreed of corgis and dachshunds. In 1957, the Queen was gifted with a cow called Beauchamp Oxford Lady from The Royal Jersey Agricultural and Horticultural Society. During the 1960s, the Queen received a veritable menagerie of wild animals. READ MORE: 'Can't see the difference' Meghan Markle and Prince Harry furious over 'double standards' These included a pair of pygmy hippopotamus from the president of Liberia, which she donated to the London Zoo. As of 2022, the Queen has four dogs. To celebrate her 90th birthday in 2016, a picture of the monarch and her pet dogs was posted on the Queen's official royal Instagram. It was captioned, "The Queen with her beloved pets Willow, Vulcan, Candy, and Holly at Windsor Castle". DON'T MISS At the age of three, the Queen developed a love for horses. She was given her first horse, a Shetland pony, by her grandfather King George V, and has been riding them ever since. Her Majesty has enjoyed attending many horse shows over the years and has also been spotted, in the past, riding horses in the grounds of Windsor Castle with Prince Phillip. The Queen's love of horses has continued over the years.