The Eurovision Song Contest grand final aired this evening with the nations battling out for victory. Each of the contestants performed before the lines were thrown open to the public to vote. Audiences at home couldn’t fail to notice all of the singers with earpieces. The artists sing with earpieces in to protect their ears from the sound of the crowd. The earpieces are said to act like a plug of sorts to shut out external noises which may affect their performance, including shouts from the crowd. This year the Eurovision Song Contest is taking place at the Pala Olimpico in Turin, which has a capacity for 12,350. Given the venue is packed out with excited Eurovision fans, it makes for the acts to wear earpieces to shut out the noise. READ MORE: Mika nationality: What is Mika's nationality? The only thing the singers wearing the earpieces can hear is the mic at a safe volume and keep it at a safe level, according to Headphonesty. Another reason for wearing an earpiece is that it means a singer can focus on singer while performing choreography. This is likely to have come in handy for Spain's Chanel as she performed her high-energy club song SloMo. The star had moves to rival Jennifer Lopez as she got the Eurovision crowd moving in her sizzling performance.  These earpieces are designed in such a way they should sit on the ears without causing too much intrusion, so the singers can focus on their performances. The site advises people to choose them carefully as there are different fits for different ears. During the Eurovision grand final, it's more important than ever the entrants aren't put off their performances as it could massively affect the outcome. A poor performance could lead to "nul points" as the UK's entry Gemini found in 2003 when their song Cry Baby failed to score due to mic issues.  However, the professional juries vote in advance secretly and so each act will be judged on their performance in the second dress rehearsal. This should hopefully ensure one of the performances will go well for each entrant even if it doesn't go to plan on the big night. Even host Mika was seen wearing earpieces while giving a stirring medley of his hits as the entertainment as the voting took place. So, using an earpiece is pretty common in the music industry for performers to use earpieces. DON'T MISS...How much do Amanda and Clive Owen get paid for Our Yorkshire Farm? [EXPLAINER]Laila Rouass on Ronnie O'Sullivan 'feeling flat' after world title win [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale theory: Dan Spencer killed off as Cain Dingle takes revenge [ANALYSIS]  Despite the earpieces, Eurovision fans took to Twitter to slam host and singer Mika during his performance while voting was taking place. Mika gave a sensational medley of some of his biggest tracks including Grace Kelly. The star danced on top of a piano as he sang with a group of back-up singers, however, some at home weren't convinced the star was singing for real. The Eurovision Song Contest 2022 will be available on the BBC iPlayer following the broadcast