Bargain Hunt is back on BBC One and the daytime series is known for featuring a whole host of presenters and experts from all walks of life. Anita Manning, 74, has been both a presenter and expert on the show, which she says provides a "feel-good factor". Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star's height. The Scottish antiques expert, from Glasgow, has been presenting shows on the BBC since 2010. She is known for her roles on Flog It!, Antiques Road Trip and of course, Bargain Hunt. Anita's father used to take her to auctions as a child and she grew to love antique furniture. However, she started her career as a teacher before getting married and having children. She began her antiques career as a buyer, eventually running the Glasgow auction house Great Western Auctions. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Murder rocks the village as Moira Barton kills again Anita is reportedly 5ft 1inch (154.9cm), according to celebheights.com. She appears to be shorter than a lot of her Bargain Hunt co-stars. Anita has set a number of impressive records, claiming to be the first female auctioneer in Scotland. She also set a new record for the largest profit on a single item on the Antiques Road Trip in 2016. A Buddha statue she bought for £50 sold for £3,800, but her record was broken the following year by Paul Laidlaw. The mother-of-two explained why she loves being a part of the Bargain Hunt team. She said: "Bargain Hunt gives our viewers that feel-good factor. "They enjoy the good-natured competition between the Reds and the Blues and can identify with the contributors and join in their experience. "The sheer variety of objects means there is something to interest everyone and hopefully by the end of the programme, our viewers will know a little more about these objects. Learning is fun." Although she has always been interested in antiques, she did not start her working life in the trade. DON'T MISS... What is Bargain Hunt expert Christina Trevanion's nationality? [INSIGHT]Mark Stacey nationality: Where was the Bargain Hunt expert born? [EXPLAINER] Anita Manning husband: Who is Bargain Hunt expert married to? [INSIGHT] But being an adventurous character, she set up her auctioneer house with her daughter Lala in 1989. She said: "I am so glad I did because I have the best job in the world and it has been a continual joy to handle wonderful objects on a daily basis and investigate their place in history." The star is known for collecting paintings and she is a huge fan of Scottish art. She puts her love of collectables down to the furniture she used to admire at her granny’s house growing up. Anita first got into the business in the 1970s after buying a bed from an Irish dealer. She discovered what a wonderful trade it was and the dealer offered her a job as a buyer. The TV presenter went on to buy and sell furniture in England and Ireland for about three years.  Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One at 12.15pm.