Vladimir Solodyov, Russian state media TV host, made various accusations of Nazism against the West and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. Mr Solodyov questioned Mr Zelensky’s Jewish heritage, accusing him of not being able to “recite Shema Yisrael”, a Jewish prayer at the centre of daily services. He then equated modern day “Russophobia” with a “new type of Nazism”.    Mr Solodyov said: “Who says Russophobia is not a type of Nazism? Who says that, even being a Jew, Zelensky, who probably can’t even recite Shema Yisrael, Zelensky, with his Russophobia, has acquitted himself? “Can’t a Jew also be a Russophobe, demanding various punishments for Russian people solely for being Russian and their Russian culture? “Why would that be? Is this an indulgence? Is this normal? Does the civilised world think this is acceptable? “Phenomenal Russophobia, prevalent in the world today, is that not the new type of Nazism?”    Russian state media, under the total control of the Kremlin, is now broadcasting non-stop propagandist panel shows to convince the Russian public that the war in Ukraine is caused by Western provocation. On Thursday, a Russian TV personality, Olga Skabeyeva, one half of the married duo that hosts Russia’s most popular show, accused US President Joe Biden of trying to erect a new “Iron Curtain”, reminiscent of the Cold War. Speaking on 60 Minutes, a political talk show, Ms Skabeyeva said of the decision of Finland to join NATO that it was to benefit “America and Biden”. She said: “What will the Finns and Swedes gain from this decision? That’s probably a rhetorical question because the main beneficiary here is America and Biden and the main objective is a new Iron Curtain from the Barents Sea to the Black Sea.” READ MORE: Drone footage shows Ukraine aerial shot blasting Russian invaders [REVEAL]   A Russian journalist who spoke out against the war in March on live television said she was “held for 14 hours” by Russian forces. Marina Ovsyannikova, an editor at state-controlled Channel 1, ran on to the set holding a sign saying "no war". She called on the Russian people to help prevent the war, adding that they have the power to "stop all this madness". She said: "Don't be afraid of anything. They can't imprison us all.” She claimed she was then interrogated “for more than 14 hours, I wasn't allowed to get in touch with my family or friends, I was denied access to a lawyer”. DON'T MISS: World on brink as Lavrov declares 'total hybrid war' has begun [REVEAL] Fury at 'weak' France & Germany letting Putin 'save face' [REPORT]Russia threatens to destroy Britain with terrifying 'Satan 2' nuke [REVEAL]  After Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24, the landscape of Russian media became largely unitary. The Echo of Moscow and TV Rain, two of the remaining news outlets critical of the Putin regime, were shut down. They were accused by Russian authorities of spreading misinformation about the conflict in Ukraine and swiftly taken off air. And the last nationwide independent newspaper, Novoaya Gazeta, was forced to suspend operations on March 28 - at least for the duration of the war, they said.   