CBS’ hit procedural drama NCIS Los Angeles is one week away from its finale and its most recent episode has left viewers stunned. One of the biggest mysteries of the season was finally put to bed as Callen (played by Chris O’Donnell) was able to confront the person behind his deep fake.  The NCIS LA team first came across a mysterious deep fake video in the season 12 episode titled ‘Imposter Syndrome’. It was on a mysterious hard drive which contained footage of a terrorist, which was impossible because they knew he was already dead. They soon discovered deep fake technology had been used to insert the deceased terrorist into the video and little did they know it would soon be used against them. This unexpected turn of events happened in this season’s 10th episode, which saw agent Callen become a victim of the deep fake. READ MORE: Outlander’s Sam Heughan explains dangerous and ‘illegal’ kilt scene After the person behind the technology began to impersonate him and schedule doctor appointments, an intense investigation began. Callen figured out Katya (Eve Barlow) was behind the identity theft as he was convinced she wanted to target his girlfriend, Anna Kolcheck (Bar Paly). However, the most recent episode titled ‘Down the Rabbit Hole’ brought the investigation to an end after Katya was finally confronted by Callen. This came after the team was able to get one up on her by creating code words for whenever they spoke on the phone, which highlighted moments she would impersonate.  It was revealed that Katya was also working with a team who had captured and beaten Callen and this was when she confessed this was her ploy to seek revenge. Fans were taken aback by the revelation and took to Twitter where they expressed their shock. @zforchrisod wrote: “THIS EPISODE IS INTENSE AND IS GIVING ME TOO MANY DIFFERENT FEELINGS, I CANNOT.” @TheMediaLady added: “This episode of [NCIS LA] is a real SHOCKER!! Wasn’t expecting ANY of this!! @NCISLA Wooowww!!” DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick and Angel clashed on family decision [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Chris O’Donnell’s son stopped from starring in CBS series [INSIGHT]NCIS Los Angeles season 13 finale: Is Callen leaving NCIS LA? [INSIGHT] @DensiBrazil stated: “WHAT WAS THAT EPISODE??? I was not prepared for him and so many scenes WOW!” @Aliehut27 added: ”OMG tonight’s episode was INTENSE I thought it was the season finale but that’s next week whaaaaaat?!?!” @KrystleManning2 shared: “This episode with Callen and the team is crazy!” While @ItsADarcyThing suggested: “Okay, I hope next week's season finale of [NCIS LA] is a little less stressful. I had about 6 heart attacks.”  Katya was angry at Callen for taking Anna away from her, so she planned for Anna to be kidnapped. She showed the agent of his girlfriend strapped to a chair and after Anna refused to say that she loved Katya, she shot her dead. However, the video of Anna’s death was soon exposed as a deep fake because Anna joined the team in the search for Callen. At the end of the episode, Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) rescued Callen and Katya had been shot dead. While it's not yet known who was behind her murder, the season finale could explore her death. NCIS LA is available on CBS. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 