Ronnie O'Sullivan has declared that he will be looking to win at least two more World Snooker Championship titles before the end of his career after clinching the honours for a record-equalling seventh time on Monday. The Rocket produced an incredible showing to defeat Judd Trump in spite of a late fightback at the Crucible and draw level with Stephen Hendry's long-standing record in some style. O'Sullivan will also return to the top of the world rankings as a result of his latest triumph, a position he first attained two decades ago back in 2002. He does not appear to be satisfied with his current record of achievement, though, and wants to win the World Snooker Championship at least another couple of times before he eventually decides to put his cue away for good."If I can get another two world titles out, that would be great, but I just like playing," he said. "I enjoy work away from snooker and I’m not all-in with snooker now."I became all-in this week, I was emotionally involved. For most of the year it’s like a holiday, win or lose, it didn’t matter, but this was a different beast and I found it difficult to go into the pit again." JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan insists he will never win SPOTY "I became all-in this week, I was emotionally involved. For most of the year it’s like a holiday, win or lose, it didn’t matter, but this was a different beast and I found it difficult to go into the pit again."It remains to be seen whether O'Sullivan will be able to clinch another two World Snooker Championship gongs before the end of his professional career, which has spanned the duration of the last 30 years. The 46-year-old also insisted that he is not planning on retiring any time soon and admitted that he may even decide to play into his 50s if his commitment to the sport does not wither in the not-too-distant future."I could probably play to my mid-50s if I wanted to," said O'Sullivan in the immediate aftermath of his latest win over Trump at the Crucible. "I could probably pitch up and maybe win one or two matches in my mid-50s but I’d have no chance of winning it [another title]. I don’t need the money. If I’m enjoying it and having fun with it then I’ll play as long as I want to play."I don’t consider myself the greatest ever at all. I won’t consider myself the greatest if I win eight. I don’t want to be considered the greatest. I want to be known as someone who loves snooker and loves playing."I’m not bothered about awards, trophies or accolades. I just want to enjoy my life, be happy and have some peace. We’re not here forever so it’s about being content." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE