The former Death in Paradise detective admitted the stars of the BBC drama enjoyed the occasional party on the Caribbean island of Guadeloupe. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the comedian opened up about the "great social life" he enjoyed while filming the hit show. When asked how it felt to be filming his new Sky show in the UK, the Jack Mooney actor told Express.co.uk at Sky Up Next: "Brilliant, brilliant!" He continued: "Oh, my God yes [it was welcome]. It was a godsend. "Don’t get me wrong, I loved Death in Paradise but I’m sort of half-glad." Laughing, he joked: "Don’t tell anyone this, as long as it doesn’t go any further than this - I’m half-glad I don’t have to go out there anymore. READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change "It was four summers, so it was really the time more than the heat." Despite his confession though, he opened up on the fun times he experienced. "I got quite used to the heat actually and there were huge compensations in terms of, you know, the weather. "Your days off you’d be doing wonderful adventures and you meet wonderful people - it’s a great social life. "As you can imagine, it’s 80 Brits and a token Irish man trapped on a little island, you know - there’s going to be a party." When asked if he would consider a Ben Miller-style return, the 56-year-old replied: "You never say never." He went on: "Look, you know, I mean, I feel I did my time. "I really did enjoy it but you know, it was four summers and it was a lot." DON'T MISS... Suggs details warning from Royal Family member during Jubilee act [LATEST]Richard Madeley scoffs at GP over home check-ups and no-show c [VIDEO]John Lydon blasts The Crown over inaccurate Sex Pistols scene [INTERVIEW] The actor has opened up about the struggle of filming the British-French drama before. Speaking to Alan Titchmarsh on Love Your Weekend, he explained how "demanding" the role was. "I finished off doing half the last series, which lasted three or four months, so it was demanding, very enjoyable but hard," he stated. "Getting Paradise in the title, but in terms of turnover, what is that like?" Alan probed.  Ardal replied: "We would do two and a half weeks for an expo and then work 12 hours a day, six hours a week. "But nobody, not one single person thought there was any hardship, it was very enjoyable, and I would go as far as to say life-changing. "It was a great experience to see that different life from the one I had in Ireland, where it rained all the time. "It is a wonderful show in many ways, but there is a comfort to it, there is no performing." Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer, while Alan Titchmarsh: Love Your Weekend airs Sundays from 10am on ITV.