The explosion took place in the Cuban capital of Havana, with officials stating at least 13 people are missing. Cuban President Miguel Diaz-Canel said the explosion at The Hotel Saratoga wasn’t due to a bombing. He added that authorities are investigating the cause, although said it may be due to a gas leak. CNN Havana bureau chief Patrick Oppman tweeted pictures of the chaotic scene, adding that the area around the “iconic hotel” was “a horrible scene of destruction”. Mr Diaz-Canel said via Twitter: "So far eight people have died and 30 are hospitalized. "Several people offer blood donations." The number of dead was later updated to nine. Search and rescue is currently underway for anyone who may be trapped in the rubble. The president's office said Old Havana Mayor Alexis Acosta Silva informed them that the children from a school near the hotel were evacuated, and none were hurt. Images on social media also show queues of people coming to offer blood donations to help the wounded. The corridors of the University of Havana are full of those offering their blood. The university tweeted: "The entire capital has mobilized to help the victims of what happened at the Hotel Saratoga this morning. "Many students and young people from the UJC of the university have come up make blood donations."  Mother-of-two Yazira de la Caridad told AP the explosion shook her home a block from the hotel. She said: "The whole building moved. I thought it was an earthquake. "I've still got my heart in my hand". Multiple floors of the building were caught in the blast - although thankfully the hotel was closed due to the pandemic when it happened. It had been due to reopen in just four days. Marcelo Ebrard, Mexico's foreign minister tweeted: "Our solidarity to the victims and those affected as well as the people of that dear fraternal nation."  The Hotel Satoga is a 19th Century structure in the historic area of Old Havana. It contains bars, restaurants, a spa, a gym and a rooftop pool, according to its website. The hotel was considered the place to go for visiting government officials and celebrities. Madonna and Beyoncé have both stayed at the five-star hotel.