Amanda Holden, 51, is known for her eye-popping outfits on Heart Radio, but this morning she surprised her fans with something different. The Britain's Got Talent judge took to Instagram to share a video of herself taking part in the viral Sprite challenge, which left her open-mouthed, and burping, while dribble fell down her face. Amanda shared the video on Instagram in view of her 1.8 million followers. She can be seen sitting down in Heart Radio's studio in a tight-fitting royal blue knitted dress. Amanda explained: "So, I am going to drink a whole can of Sprite without burping. I don't even drink Sprite!" She started off with small sips while the fizzy drink began to dribble out of her mouth, as she struggled to keep in her natural burps. READ MORE: Jane Fonda cheekily spills who her 'favourite ex-husband' is After around four or five sips, Amanda appeared to be struggling as she then let out an enormous burp, with white froth from the drink flying out of her mouth. She then holds her hand over her face in embarrassment as she tries to hold in her burps, leaving her to sound as if she was going to be sick. Amanda captioned the post: "My first attempt at the @sprite challenge was interesting …" Many social media users rushed to the post's comments to sarcastically share their opinion on her "ladylike" attempt at the viral challenge. Emmab3567 said: "What is that that comes out your mouth?" Shaw.darren added: "How 'lady like' Amanda?" Iaiancameron2004 commented: "Hahahahahhahahahahhaha. That was so undignified it was awesome!!! Well in @noholdenback." (sic) Doug.barwick.3 added: "How do you lose your street credit in one go. I'd be sick!" DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield sparks divide amid Queen's Jubilee - 'Switched off!' [COMMENT] Dolly Parton communicates with goddaughter Miley Cyrus in unusual way [INSIGHT] French model Amandine Petit flashes underwear at Cannes 2022 [PICS] Amanda is known for her eye-popping weekday pics as she takes to Instagram to show off her radio outfits. The presenter recently caught up with Express.co.uk to discuss her fourth JD Williams edit, and her best advice for putting outfits together. Talking about her own style, she said: "I like prints and boldness…but for me, I go for what suits my body shape obviously like most people do. "And I think even though I'm in a shocking pink now I do think that pastel colours can be more flattering as you sort of move into a sort of mature age or stage in your life. "If you're not as daring then I think the softer pastel tones can be very flattering." Amanda’s spring campaign is in conjunction with Davina McCall, and together they have three edits; staycations, gardening, and family time. Amanda also brings her risqué fashion to Britain's Got Talent, as her outfits on the first episode of the 2022 series caused much discussion. First up was a barbie pink latex midi dress, followed by a luminous yellow midi dress. Speaking to Express.co.uk about the dress, she said: "I am thinking - more rubber. "I enjoyed wearing latex at the auditions, so I am thinking more latex, more sweating in the live [shows]", she joked.