This Is Us airs on NBC with fans in the UK catching up via Disney Plus. The last-ever episode has just aired and it said a quiet farewell to the much-loved Big Three and their families. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the show's future. The This Is Us season finale was a simple reflection of how far the Pearsons and their friends have come over the years. With no major plot twists in sight, the characters' storylines were wrapped up in a satisfying final episode. There were flashbacks to when the Pearsons were children, as well as moments in the present following Rebecca's (Mandy Moore) funeral. The show's creator, Ross Fogelman, revealed some of the finale moments were shot a long time ago. He has always known how he wanted the series to end and has opened up about its future. READ MORE: This Is Us: Viewers ‘emotionally wrecked’ after season 6 finale Speaking to TV Line about whether there will be a spin-off, he said: "I’m pretty set on this being it. "Who knows what change of heart my ensuing midlife crisis brings, but I really feel we’ve put these stories to bed now.” From this, it seems fans will not be seeing any character spin-off any time soon. There were some questions raised regarding what happens to the Big Three, including whether Randall (Sterling K Brown) becomes president. Fogelman said: "Randall’s political journey ahead of him is probably the closest we come in this show to our Sopranos going to black at the end of the episode, and you’re left to choose your own adventure as to what you think happens with him." This is another indication that a spin-off is definitely off the cards for the time being. With viewers left to make up their own minds about what happens, there are no concrete answers in sight. Fogelman said he always knew the series would end with Rebecca and Jack (Milo Ventimiglia) declaring their love for one another. The show ran for six years, with the creator describing shooting the final scenes as a bittersweet moment. He tweeted ahead of the finale: "I hope tonight satisfies and leaves you thinking, and feeling, and even smiling. DON'T MISS...This Is Us finale ending explained: How did This Is Us end? [EXPLAINER] Why is This Is Us ending after season 6? [INSIGHT] This Is Us' Milo Ventimiglia lands new role away from NBC drama [INSIGHT] "I hope it makes you feel as full as your response to the show has made us feel, all these years. "Thank you for taking this train ride with us. It's been the trip of a lifetime." He said he had always wanted the final episode to revolve around the epilogue of the continuing story of the family. Instead of featuring major twists, the finale highlighted how cherishing the little things, such as honest conversations, is most important. Actor Hartley shared a photo of himself with his on-screen siblings, saying: "I’m going to miss seeing these faces every day." Kate Pearson actress Chrissy Metz shared a video of herself in tears on Instagram. In the video ahead of the finale, she is heard saying: "Man, this is hard". She added: "If this was me last week, will I even survive the finale on Tuesday? This IS hard." Randall actor Brown paid tribute to his on-screen siblings, saying on Twitter: "To my brother and sister, @justinhartley & @ChrissyMetz I love you guys so damn much! "It’s been an absolute pleasure to be your brother! Let’s all go do wonderful things, & if you need anything, I’m here! Ta ta for now!" [Sic]  All previous seasons of This Is Us are on Hulu.