One lucky coin connoisseur has taken home a rare Kew Gardens 50p for £175, after 50 people bid on the rare coin on eBay. One side of the coin depicts the nation's most famous botanical gardens. The other side features the Queen's face as is typical of 50p coins. The Royal Mint, which produces coins for the UK, stated: "Of all the 50p coins, the Kew Gardens 50p is arguably the most sought-after. "Nothing gets people excited quite like this original 2009 design." READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘very effective’ way to get rid of ants According to Coin Hunter, the Kew Gardens 50p typically sells for between £150.89 and £161.50, meaning this buyer parted with slightly more money than average. But why is it so special and sought after? The coin was originally released in 2009. When it was first produced, a mere 210,000 coins were made globally. While such coins are rare, it could be worth people at home checking their purchases and wallets. They may have a rare coin that is worth a small fortune. However, you may have your hands on a slightly less rare Kew Gardens 50p. This is because a re-circulated version of the sought after coin was minted in 2019, to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the 50p coin, which was created in 1969. Because a much higher number of this coin was minted, it is less valuable to collectors. But how can coin enthusiasts know the difference? Royal Mint explained: "The 2019 version bears a different effigy of Her Majesty The Queen than the original 2009 version and of course, features the 2019 mintage date, but the Kew Gardens 50p design remains as iconic as ever. "While this reissue gives collectors a chance to own a 2019-dated version of this sought-after design, it takes nothing away from the original circulating coin for anyone lucky enough to own one." Because an original 2009 Kew Gardens 50p is so rare, there are fakes out there which may be difficult to spot with an untrained eye. Change Checker has provided some tips on spotting a fake. The website recommended that people check for a frosted design or very high relief on the side depicting Kew Gardens, which can be found on some fakes. They can also check for a sharp pointy roof on the pagoda, and lines on either side of the word 'Kew'. On the side which boasts the Queen's head, coin lovers should look out for the Queen's neckline; it should point towards the 'P'. On a fake Kew Gardens 50p coin, the Queen's neckline may point towards the 'E' or in between the 'P' and 'E'. Next, they should check the size of the designer's initials, IRB. They must also and examine the detail of HRH's face, as fake coins may be less detailed and more rounded.