Queen Letizia, 49, attended the round tables "Competitive Advantages of Filming in Spain" today and looked regal in red. The monarch wore a red dress by Carolina Herrera which she had worn before. The cap-sleeve dress was a bespoke design and featured a zip down the front and a pleated skirt.  Letizia was last seen wearing the dress in 2019 when she met the Spanish men’s basketball team for the FIBA World Cup that year. Just last week, Letizia wore a black and white Mango dress that somebody else also happened to be wearing it at the same engagement. But there was zero chance of that happening to the royal today, as this Carolina Herrera dress was custom made. She first wore it back in September 2019 with the elegant zip front and slightly capped sleeves.  READ MORE: Queen Letizia has ‘instilled a strong sense of duty’ in her children The fit and flare shape is very flattering, and red is a very good colour on Letizia. Today, she also wore her nude pointy-toe pumps from Prada to pair with her iconic red dress. The Prada pumps cost a whopping £542 to purchase from Nordstrom. She accessorised with a dangly pair of gold earrings to add some glamour to the outfit.  Letizia also carried her Carolina Herrera ‘Maysa’ clutch bag which she has also worn with many red outfits over the years. This red python flap clutch bag was from the Spring/Summer 2015 'Samba' collection and is therefore no longer in stock. The Queen straightened her sleek black hair with a centre parting and wore it behind her ears. She was also wearing very heavy eye makeup, with brown eyeshadow and lots of black mascara.  Letizia attended the event today with Industry, Trade and Tourism Minister Reyes Maroto. The event was organized by the Secretary of State for Telecommunications and Digital Infrastructure, ICEX-Invest in Spain and the Spain Film Commission. Queen Letizia looked in good spirits with Minister Reyes Maroto, who was equally trendy in a white trouser suit and pointy low heels. The meeting provided an opportunity for the royal to learn more about plans to make Spain the main audiovisual Hub in Europe by promoting production and attracting investment that will strengthen the sector.  Executives involved are set to visit future filming locations in Seville and have meetings with technicians, talents and entrepreneurs. The programme will end with a visit to the Canary Islands to tour possible filming scenarios. The event has been planned to reinforce knowledge of the audiovisual industry. This includes cinema, series, shorts, advertising, video games and animation while introducing the main operators involved in shooting in Spain. 