French police have been blasted over the conduct of officers policing the Champions League Final match between Liverpool FC and Real Madrid. Scores of British fans were held outside the ground amid chaotic scenes which saw police deploy tear gas. Speaking to Sky News's Kay Burley, Minister Chris Philp was quick to slap down the French police amid attempts from Paris to defend the heavy-handed security around the game. Mr Philp told Sky News: "I was horrified to see those pictures of fans including some children, disabled fans, being pepper-sprayed by French police. "And from the pictures, I saw there was no obvious justification for that kind of behaviour. "So Nadine [Dorries], I think is quite right to call for UEFA to urgently investigate exactly what happened there because we don't want to see football fans, least of all children and disabled fans, being pepper-sprayed by police in the way that we saw. "So I really am concerned by it, the Government are as well, and we need you a for to properly investigate exactly what happened and get to the bottom of it." When asked about suggestions Liverpool football fans did not have tickets and were pushing their way in, Mr Philp said: "As I say, we need to get this properly looked into so we understand exactly what happened. "But as I say, I saw footage of fans behaving in a perfectly calm way, getting pepper-sprayed, and that just strikes me looking at those pictures as not appropriate." French Sports Minister Amelie Oudea-Castera said on Monday that large numbers of Liverpool fans who turned up without valid tickets were responsible for the initial crowd control problems at the Champions League final. "What happened, first of all, was this mass gathering of the British supporters of the Liverpool club, without tickets, or with fake tickets," she told French radio RTL on Monday.  Saturday's Champions League final between Liverpool and Real Madrid kicked off with a 35-minute delay after police tried to hold back people attempting to force their way into the French national stadium without tickets, while some ticket holders complained they were not let in. When asked why he thought French authorities were blaming Liverpool football fans for the chaos, Labour MP Ian Byrne told Sky News: "It's the easy thing to do. "We're back in 1989 territory where the lies and smears about Hillsborough went out really quickly and that narrative was set. "When I got into the grounds I was absolutely appalled when I saw the signs saying it was due to the late arrival of fans. DON'T MISS Carers and PIP claimants to miss out on Rishi Sunak’s £650 handout [INSIGHT]'Luxury' Brits cancel vital therapy appointments due to rising costs [ANALYSIS]Britons can save over £200 a year by 'swapping something in' [VIDEO] "There were people who had been there three-and-a-half hours who were kettled in, getting pepper-sprayed, tear-gassed - this was a football occasion. "We've all seen the footage, seen the photographs, and I just thank God this time that the journalists were there, the British journalists have covered it wonderfully well. "But Uefa and the French authorities need to hang their heads in shame about what happened on Saturday night." The Champions League final brought back "so many terrible memories" of the Hillsborough disaster in April 1989, the Labour MP told Sky News.