Witnesses saw large groups being brought ashore by UK border Force officials on Sunday. The Ministry of Defence, which took control of the operational response to small boats crossing the channel in April, said it had detected seven boats carrying 254 people on Sunday. The MoD was handed the responsibility for channel crossings when the government announced controversial plans to deport some asylum seekers who made the perilous journey to the UK to Rwanda, in a policy that has drawn widespread criticism from rights groups. Following Sunday's arrivals, the Government said it did not believe any migrants arrived “on their own terms” in a small boat. It said it was addressing the issue by “cracking down on people smugglers”. It is believed Sunday’s channel crossings were the first recorded after what appears to be a pause of 11 days amid reports of strong winds and choppy seas. Two longer gaps of 16 and 13 days without crossing were recorded earlier this year, before the Rwanda deal was announced on 14 April. It comes days after the Government’s Nationality and Borders Bill, dubbed the anti-refugee Bill by campaigners, became law on Thursday. The legislation makes it a criminal offence to knowingly arrive in the UK via an “illegal” route, which includes small boats crossing the channel, and includes powers to process asylum seekers overseas. Human rights groups and refugee organisations including the United Nations’ Refugee agency have condemned the bill as immoral and incompatible with the Refugee Convention by criminalising asylum seekers trying to reach safety in the UK while failing to provide adequate safe and legal alternatives.  The bill followed Home Secretary Priti Patel’s announcement of the controversial agreement with Rwanda earlier this month. The deal will see the east African nation receive some asylum seekers who the UK deems to have arrived “illegally” under new immigration rules. More than 160 charities and campaign groups wrote an open letter urging the prime minister and Ms Patel to scrap the "shamefully cruel" policy, which has been criticised as “inhumane” and unlawful. Enver Solomon, CEO of Refugee Council, said: “The UK Government is lurching from one inhumane policy to the next in relation to the lives of refugees, none of which address the reason why people take perilous journeys to find safety in the UK. “The decision to send those seeking sanctuary in our country to Rwanda is cruel and nasty. Treating people like human cargo by using the force of military to repel vulnerable people who have already endured extreme human suffering and expelling them to centres in Rwanda, a country with a questionable record on human rights, is dangerous, cruel and inhumane.”  READ MORE: Rwanda asylum seeker scheme expects court battle Clare Moseley, Founder of Care4Calais, said: “From the suspiciously sparse detail presented so far, it is already clear the plan holds multiple risks and innocent people will be needlessly and cruelly traumatised to score political points.” The Rwanda policy has already faced its first legal challenge after the charity Freedom from Torture instructed lawyers to demand the disclosure of documents due to fears the policy is contrary to international law. In a pre-action letter to the Home Office, which is expected to lead to a judicial review claim, the solicitors Leigh Day stated that the charity “has serious concerns about the lawfulness of the policy”. Campaigners argue that the Government’s new legislation will fail to deter desperate people from making the dangerous crossing to the UK in search of safety while there are very few safe and legal routes available. Since the start of this year, at least 6,693 people have reached the UK in small boats, according to data compiled by the PA. The figure is more than three times the amount recorded this time last year at 2,004 and over six times the figure for the same period in 2020 at 1,006. More than 28,000 people made the dangerous journey from France to the UK last year, 37 of whom drowned, according to the International Organisation for Migration. A Government spokesperson said: “The rise in dangerous Channel crossings is unacceptable. Not only are they an overt abuse of our immigration laws but they also impact on the UK taxpayer, risk lives and our ability to help refugees come to the UK via safe and legal routes.” The National and Borders Bill is predicted to cost £835 million in taxpayer's money each year, according to the Refugee Council, while the Rwanda policy is estimated to cost £1.4 billion. Ms Patel has claimed the Rwanda scheme is necessary to "break the business" model of people traffickers, prevent the loss of life and ensure "protection for those who are genuinely vulnerable". Former Prime Minister Theresa May, who also served as Home Secretary, is among a number of senior Conservative MPs who have voiced their opposition to the Rwanda policy. She said she was concerned over whether it met standards on "legality, practicality and efficacy". 