The special event will see many parties and events take place across the long weekend, including in streets, gardens and in the capital. It is hoped the Queen will attend some of the Royal events being held, including the famous appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace with senior members of the Royal Family on June 2.  On Friday, a Service of Thanksgiving will take place at St Paul's Cathedral followed by Party at the Palace on Saturday, which will include a host of famous faces. The weekend will conclude with the Big Jubilee Lunch, during which people are encouraged to share food with neighbours in street, tea and BBQ parties. In London, a pageant will be held featuring 5,000 people from across the UK and the Commonwealth. Here are some of the best Platinum Jubilee treats to help you celebrate.  Floral Brownies.Blushing Cook created these delicate floral brownies to mark the occasion, featuring the Queen's beloved corgis, who have been her loyal companions for her 70-year reign. Designed by illustrator Emma Block, each chocolate brownie is hand decorated and topped with white chocolate and edible flowers from Devon. 'Best of British' bottlesBelvoir Farm has launched two limited edition 'Best of British' bottles to house its elderflower cordial and sparkling elderflower. Each bottle features a ‘Platinum Jubilee 1952 – 2022’ neck label and Queen’s Jubilee Official Emblem designed by 19-year-old graphic design student Edward Roberts, winning entry of Her Majesty The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Emblem Competition, run in conjunction with the V&A Museum.  READ MORE: Queen's biographer explains job she would have done if wasn't monarch Jubilee hampersWhat better way to celebrate than a traditional British hamper? Snowdonia Cheese Company has launched two cheese hampers fit for the royal celebrations. The Platinum Jubilee hamper features cheese, chutneys, champagne and biscuits from guest producers. Cutter & Squidge has also launched a range of Jubilee hampers, including the Street Party Hamper for up to 24 people and a family hamper for six. To honour the Queen, the London-based bakery is offering a traditional Victoria Sponge inside a Jubilee gift tin. Strawberry BubblyRaise a toast to the Queen with Luscombe's limited-edition Strawberry Bubbly. In recognition of their products which are enjoyed in the Royal Households, Luscombe was awarded a Royal Warrant in 2021.  Plant A TreeFlapjackery has pledged to donate proceeds from the sale of its flapjacks to the Plant A Tree Jubilee appeal. The Devon-based company will donate £1.50 to The Queen's Green Canopy every time someone buys eight or 12 flapjacks from any of its shops. Founder Sally Jenkin said they are "proud to be playing just a very tiny part" in the Jubilee celebrations. Cocktail CrownIf you want to drink like a royal Absolut Elyx Boutique has introduced a limited edition Copper Crown Cocktail Cup in collaboration with The NoMad Hotel. 