In the Queen's Speech this morning, Prince Charles outlined measures ministers are planning to take over the next year to help bring down energy costs. It included an Energy Security Bill to maintain and secure energy supply and protect consumers against skyrocketing prices across the globe.  The new legislation would give the Government the power to provide financial assistance to businesses working in the energy sector to ensure the resilience and continuity of energy supply. "Her Majesty's Ministers will bring forward an Energy Bill to deliver the transition to cheaper, cleaner, and more secure energy," Charles told MPs and peers. "This will build on the success of the COP26 Summit in Glasgow last year.” However, officials have admitted that the legislation will largely only apply to England, Wales and Scotland. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG  An explanatory note attached to the Queen's Speech said: "The Bill will extend and apply mainly to Great Britain, with some provisions extending and applying across the UK." As part of the EU withdrawal agreement signed by the UK and Brussels in 2019, Northern Ireland effectively remains a part of the single market. It means the province must continue to abide by laws set by the continent. Unionists have been left infuriated by the impact of the rules, set out in the Northern Ireland Protocol, arguing it undermines the integrity of the United Kingdom. Ministers have acknowledged the problems caused by the Protocol and have vowed to take action to ensure Northern Ireland is not disadvantaged. They have threatened to rip up the Protocol if the EU does not renegotiate the terms of the agreement. DON'T MISS:Now Ireland hits back in Brexit row hours after Liz Truss threat [REACTION]Queens Speech: At last Boris is able to unveil his Brexit vision [IN DEPTH]Brexit row explodes after Emmanuel Macron invite to new European club [UPDATE]  Using the Queen's Speech to send a pointed message to Brussels, Prince Charles said: "The continued success and integrity of the whole of the United Kingdom is of paramount importance to the Government, including the internal economic bonds between all of its parts." Although the words were delivered by the royal, the Government writes the speech on behalf of the monarch. In comments released alongside the Queen's speech, Prime Minister Boris Johnson vowed: "We will strengthen ties across all parts of the United Kingdom." Ministers say they are committed to finding a negotiated solution with the EU to fixing the issues caused by the Northern Ireland Protocol but have warned they will not hesitate to use the legal means necessary to rip up the agreement if necessary.  Mr Johnon reiterated his warning to the Irish Taoiseach Micheál Martin in a phone call this morning. "The Prime Minister made clear that the situation in respect of the Northern Ireland Protocol was now very serious," a Downing Street Spokesperson said. "Despite repeated efforts by the UK Government over many months to fix the Protocol, including those sections related to the movement of goods and governance, the European Commission had not taken the steps necessary to help address the economic and political disruption on the ground. "The Prime Minister reiterated that the UK Government would take action to protect peace and political stability in Northern Ireland if solutions could not be found." 