Liverpool have been warned that signing Jude Bellingham's younger brother, Jobe, will not aid their attempts to entice the Borussia Dortmund star to make the switch to Anfield. The teenage midfielder is already in-demand and has attracted interest from the likes of Liverpool, Manchester City and Newcastle. The Mirror revealed earlier this month that the Reds have asked to be 'kept informed' of Jobe's situation at Birmingham. The 16-year-old has been offered scholarship term by the Blues but could still sign elsewhere. However, former Liverpool defender Glen Johnson has warned Liverpool that pursuing a deal for Jobe would be unlikely to help them in their bid to eventually lure Jude to Anfield. He told Bettingodds: “I’ve heard of him but I’ve never seen him play. I don’t think Liverpool would buy him if they didn’t think he had potential. I’m sure they’ve liked what they’ve seen and, of course, he’s got great pedigree and he could be his own player or even as good as his brother. So it could be tactical, but I don’t think Jude is going to go to a football club just because his brother is there. Football is short and you don’t know when that will happen, or what club he’s at, at the time. I'm sure they’re just hoping he turns out to be as good as his brother.” READ MORE: Erik ten Hag eyeing Inter raid with Man Utd 'studying right offer' Jude has a whole host of big-name suitors - including Liverpool - after adapting seamlessly to life in the Bundesliga. Dortmund shelled out £25million to prise the elder Bellingham brother away from Birmingham back in the summer of 2020; they would more than double that sum already if they did decide to cash in on the midfield prodigy. The 18-year-old has notched six goals and registered 11 assists this term and also made a major impression in Europe earlier in the season. However, the midfield maestro - who has also muscled his way into the England team in the past 12 months - quashed talk of a move away from Germany this summer to leave his extensive list of admirers disappointed. DON'T MISS: Man Utd are set to make the same signings as Mourinho and Van Gaal didJose Mourinho made stance on Newcastle job clear with former commentsMourinho targets Man Utd star Matic despite Roma's 'concerns' He told German publication Ruhr Nachrichten: "The only future I think of is the next game for Dortmund. I'm really looking forward to next season. I can't wait for it to finally start. But yes, I'll be here next season, and I'll be ready." He added: "I have my destiny in my own hands and know that I can develop further if I make an effort and trust the people around me. I came from England as the young talent. There wasn't much pressure. The first season went well. There were also games where I sat on the bench and sometimes didn't play at all. "I think my development this year has meant that I've played a bigger role in every game except two. I'm really grateful to Dortmund for how they nurtured my talent. I think a lot of the credit goes to the coaching staff and the staff who keep the hype around me low. So I can just focus on winning games, because that's what I'm here for."