Arsenal have reportedly reached an 'agreement' with Bologna on a fee to sign Aaron Hickey this summer. Mikel Arteta has made it clear that he will need to be backed in the transfer window to bolster his squad. The Gunners boss has largely focused on trimming his squad of players he doesn't deem part of his plans for the future. But that has left him with depleted options heading into next season where they will return to European football. Whether that is in the Europa League or Champions League remains to be seen, but Arteta will need a larger squad to cope with the extra games. Arsenal aren't short of options on the left side of defence with Nuno Tavares competing with Kieran Tierney for a starting spot. But Tierney's injury issues from last year have continued this season with the Scotland international currently recovering from knee surgery. And it appears as though Arteta is aiming to bring in one more left back with Hickey a top target. JUST IN: Arsenal's shortlist shrinks by one as star told he's 'going nowhere'  The 19-year-old has impressed at Bologna and has an eye for goal having found the net five times this season. Arsenal have been in talks with Bologna on trying to sign Hickey ahead of the summer window and CalcioNapoli claim an 'agreement' has now been struck. Bologna have accepted Arsenal's bid of around £20million with just a few 'last details' to sort before a deal is finalised. The report points out Arsenal's 'excellent' relationship with Bologna from their dealings last summer on Takehiro Tomiyasu's move to north London. Arsenal paid £16million for the Japan international and he has impressed in his debut campaign in England. How Hickey fits into Arteta's team will be interesting though with the full-back set to compete with Tierney and Tavares. DON'T MISS  But the teenager has often filled in on the right side of defence for Bologna, making him an option to cover for Tomiyasu. Arteta has already hinted that the club will spend big this summer to give him a much bigger squad for next season. “The Champions League and the Europa League both require a much larger squad because the amount of games is much bigger," Arteta said. “If we can afford it financially and we don’t have to do the turnaround in the squad that we’ve had to, what I want is 22 outfield players and three goalkeepers. “A lot of things have to be put in place and that takes time, so I am expecting a busy summer.”