Brenda Edwards, 53, has been taking some time out of the public eye to grieve since the sudden death of her son Jamal Edwards. However, the Loose Women panelist has left many excited fans over the moon after it was announced that she would be replacing Gemma Collins in the upcoming Chicago tour. TOWIE star Gemma was set to play Mama Morton in the production, but has reportedly suffered a knee injury, leaving her forced to pull out. She was supposed to be making her debut with the musical at Sunderland Empire this month. However, hope was not lost after it was announced today that Brenda will be taking over from June 2. Brenda has a background in musicals and has even played the role before, making her West End debut playing the matron of the women's ward at Cook County Jail in 2007. READ MORE: Sir David Jason hints Only Fools and Horses would be cancelled today The Loose Women panellist has also appeared in Hairspray, Carousel and We Will Rock You. She will star alongside Lee Mead, Faye Brookes, Djalenga Scott, Jamie Baughan and BE Wong. Brenda will be part of the production till July 23 with dates at Cardiff New Theatre, Winter Gardens Blackpool, Sheffield Lyceum Theatre, Norwich Theatre Royal and New Theatre Oxford. The news of Brenda's latest career moves comes after the devastating loss of her music mogul son, Jamal, earlier this year. Jamal died from a heart attack at just 31 on February 20, with his heartbroken mother there holding his hands in his final moments. The presenter revealed on her return to Loose Women the little comfort she has from being with her son as he took his last breaths. Recalling the evening of Jamal’s death, she said: "I was with him. His sister was with us. We were all at home. "It was sudden and it was unexpected and he went into a cardiac arrest and he passed with me holding his hand. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose sets pulses racing as she flashes bottom [PICTURES] Davina McCall says she's 'run out of f***s' in stunning bikini snaps [INSTAGRAM] Eva Longoria wows in risqué dress as she parties with celebs at Cannes [PICS] "I get a little bit of comfort from knowing that I was with him." But she added that, while she was glad she was there for him at the end, it was "a vision that [she is] never going to forget". Despite his unexpected death, Jamal had already planned his funeral, or as Brenda called, his "homegoing". She recalled: "He was born in Luton, we went back to Luton and had his homegoing there. "Everyone wore blue or white, the music was there, he had live entertainment. It was really really lovely. "When we laid him to rest it was really beautiful." Jamal found fame after setting up the music platform SBTV in 2006, and was credited with helping to launch a string of UK music acts to stardom, including Ed Sheeran, Dave and Jessie J. Ed was among the many celebrities that paid an emotional tribute to the late star, sharing a picture to his Instagram at the time.