ITV presenter Tom Bradby has come across some challenging circumstances throughout his career. Now, he has opened up about his friendship with Princes William and Harry, touching on how their troubled relationship has put him in an awkward position. Throughout his career, Tom struck up a close friendship with both Prince Harry and Prince William, with him attending both of their weddings as a guest. However, the rift that has formed between the brothers has put Tom in an awkward position when it comes to their friendships and work. Speaking to RadioTimes about their tainted relationship, Tom admitted that their falling out was “difficult” for him and that he’d felt “a little bit caught in the middle”. It has been reported that Tom's friendship with Prince William had ended as The Duke of Cambridge was allegedly "left annoyed" with Tom's actions. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? He had travelled with the Sussexes on their tour of southern Africa and had remained close with Prince Harry after he and Meghan Markle left their ties to the royal family. During the ITV interview, Bradby spoke to Meghan about how she was coping with being in the spotlight. When he asked if it’s “really been a struggle”, Meghan replied, “Yes". The Duchess also thanked him for asking how she was doing, saying: “Not many people have asked if I’m okay”, with Harry admitting he and William were on "different paths". Tom and William struck up their friendship after Tom was appointed ITN royal correspondent in 2001. He went on to interview William and Kate Middleton after their engagement was announced in 2010, going on to being invited to the wedding. However, following his coverage of the Sussexes, a royal insider reportedly told Mail Online: "The friendship between William and Tom is very much over. The Duke feels let down by Bradby and the way he’s acted over the past few months. “William is a sensitive soul and believes it’s in times of crisis when you find out who your true friends are. It would be fair to say Bradby hasn’t been one of them.” The insider went on: “Some staff at the Palaces are even angrier about Bradby and the tone of his reporting at ITV News, which they consider to be pro-Harry and Meghan. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle should ‘do the right thing’ and visit her father [INSIGHT]Netflix will be MOVED ON if cameras film Meghan and Harry at Jubilee [LATEST]Sussexes 'keeping options open' for UK return - Frogmore lease renewed [MORE] "It's well-known Bradby personally communicates with Harry on a regular basis, and that is pretty obvious to royal aides who know how things work. "But it's been very difficult to accept given the long history between Bradby and William.” Tom has been very vocal about his struggles with mental health and how badly his breakdown affected him and his wife also. With the help of a psychiatrist, a nutritionist, a faith healer, a yoga instructor and three months off work, the ITV News at Ten anchor experienced “a very painful and expensive psychological rebooting” – but is now, happily, backed away from “the cliff edge”. “A lot of it is about letting stuff go," he said. "Accepting that we’re all going to die, being at peace with that idea, and calm that we’ve got no idea what happens next.” Describing the incident, he added to Radio Times that he had "taken on too much" and had "buried [his feelings] under the patio". He added that the feeling of burden and overwhelmingness felt "like an angry man following me around, shouting in my face, ‘Something bad is going to happen, your family are going to die'."