Research carried out by Which? in 2019 showed that only 42 percent of consumers who have changed energy suppliers since they got a smart meter have been able to keep the equipment working. Some 19 percent of those polled by the consumer champion said their smart meter stopped working once they switched, while 29 percent said both their meter and at-home display no longer work. Recent Government figures show that around half of households have had the appliance installed in response to the rise in the energy price cap. Bills are expected to go up by £693 annually with further price hikes expected towards the end of the year By using a smart meter, households and energy companies are able to keep track of how much consumers are wasting on gas and electricity. The meters measure energy use and come with an in-home display which can be read easily at home. Energy companies are updated at the same time as the consumer as to how much their bills have gone up by. As a result, Uswitch reports that smart meters can save households upwards of £130 a year by reminding them to turn off the thermostat when needed. In a survey by the comparison site, 54 percent of consumers who own a smart meter are using them to track and modify their energy. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum On top of this, 21 percent said they are using smart meters to save as much money as possible. Richard Neudegg, the head of regulation at Uswitch.com, outlined why smart meters are a necessary investment for many homes. Mr Neurdegg explained: “Most people are already feeling the pressure of the rising cost of living. “Consumers have been trying to find ways to reduce their energy use, and it is good to see that millions of households have turned to smart meters to save money.  “Installing smart meters in half the homes in the country is an impressive milestone." However, he warned four million of these are not operating in the most useful mode, adding: "So there’s still a lot of work to be done." He added: “At a time when energy bills are rising, it is more important than ever to stay on top of your energy use. “Smart meters are an easy way to keep an eye on this, as people can use the in-home display to check how much energy they are using in real time. “Knowing what energy you’re using can help you adjust your behaviour — for instance, turning the thermostat down by one degree can save up to £130 a year.” Research carried out by Smart Energy GB last winter, 32 percent of households with smart meters said they are using their in-home display more than usual. Victoria Bacon, the director at Smart Energy GB, explained: “It is an extremely challenging time for many households at the moment and there are no quick fixes or easy answers, “But a smart meter can be a really helpful tool for people wanting to feel a bit more in control, with more visibility on their energy use and avoiding the uncertainties of estimated bills. “As we can see from our survey, more people are actively using their smart meter and in-home display during this difficult time and many are feeling more in control of their energy use as a result.” The energy expert shared how savers can reduce their energy bill even further and fully utilise their smart meter. She added: “There’s a lot of really helpful information available on how to use energy more efficiently on the Smart Energy GB website and from organisations like the Energy Saving Trust. “If you are worried about paying your energy bills, help is available. A good place to start is Citizens Advice or Energy Saving Trust, who have more information on how to access support.”