Ms Tominey explained how other members of the Royal Family such as Princess Anne and the Earl and Countess of Wessex will attend the opening of a Royal envelope but all the attention will still be on Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back from their Royal duties in January 2020, but have still since garnered much attention globally. With the up and coming Royal Platinum Jubilee many Royal experts have been speculating whether the couple will show up, as the event is an opportunity for more publicity. Ms Tominey discussed the control the Palace PR team has over the Royal pair and the Jubilee celebrations. Ms Tominey told the Telegraph: "Princess Anne and the Earl and Countess of Wessex for instance who day in and day out plant trees, unveil plaques and go to the opening of Royal envelopes only to have the media completely focus on Harry and Meghan. "Who are not playing a role at all in this so-called family firm. "How quite the Palace PR's all this, they've got a degree of control over Harry and Meghan while they're confines of Buckingham Palace and the confines of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations official. JUST IN: Have Your Say: Should Charles apologise to Canada? 'It’s not enough' "But of course, there's nothing to stop the couple freelancing and doing their own thing while they're in the UK. "And that of course they're going to be seen out and about with their children, it's going to generate publicity." Last month the Royal couple were spotted by excited tourists whilst visiting Windsor Castle before heading on to the Invictus Games. This has generated speculation from supporters of the Royal pair, who are hopeful that the couple will make amends with the other Royal Family members.  DON’T MISS: Neighbour from hell hurls cement and bricks over fence of £1million home Kinsey Schofield, the founder of royals site ToDiForDaily.com, told The Express.co.uk that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would be “eager” to return to the UK and play a part-time role in the Royal Family. “His life is there, his friends are there and his blood is there. “I do think that Harry and Meghan would be eager to go back and to explore that option.”  Ms Schofield explained that she believed that the option to return as full-time members of the firm may not be “immediately available”. Ms Schofield added: “I don’t think it’s going to be immediately available to them. “It’s been hinted that perhaps this is something they plan to pursue after Prince Charles ascends to the throne and I think that that would be too soon because there’s already a critical tone when it comes to King Charles and I don’t think that this would necessarily improve the criticism.” 