The Duke and Duchess of Sussex left behind their posts as senior royals in March 2020, relocating to Meghan’s home state of California. They have scarcely returned to UK turf since their departure, although it was announced they would return for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations next month. But neither Harry nor Meghan returned for a memorial service dedicated to the late Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey in March. Royal expert and author, Andrew Morton, has said that when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex told Her Majesty of their plans to carry out limited royal duties but step back as senior royals, the late Duke of Edinburgh was unimpressed by their suggestions. Writing in the Daily Mail, Mr Morton claimed: “In 2019, Harry told the Queen that he and Meghan wanted to step back as senior royals, raise funds privately and yet still serve the monarchy — albeit in a limited capacity. "The Queen’s initial reaction was that it was almost impossible to be half in and half out of the Royal Family; it was akin to being 'slightly' pregnant. "Later, Prince Philip’s indignant response to the couple’s declaration of independence was: ‘What the hell are they playing at?'" The Queen’s late husband, who died in April 2021 aged 99, grew estranged from his grandson as the Megxit split deepened, royal author and biographer Ingrid Seward has previously said. She told Vanity Fair shortly before the prince’s death: “Philip welcomed Meghan at the beginning. "He knows what it’s like to be an outsider, and so he’s always very supportive of people marrying into the family.” READ MORE: 'Dangerous content' Harry issues warning for Archie and Lilibet She added: “He quite liked Meghan at first, but their actions have left a bad taste and as a consequence, the relationship with Harry has suffered.” Ms Seward, who penned "Prince Philip Revealed", claimed that the late Duke could not understand his grandson’s desire to leave behind The Firm and his family. He likened the Duchess of Sussex to Wallas Simpson, for whom King Edward abdicated his position as monarch in 1937. Ms Seward wrote: “For Philip, whose entire existence has been based on a devotion to doing his duty, it appeared that his grandson had abdicated his for the sake of his marriage to an American divorcee in much the same way as Edward VIII gave up his crown to marry Wallis Simpson in 1936.” DON'T MISS: Queen delights fans with reaction to Helen Mirren’s performance [REACTION] Royal Family LIVE: Harry makes huge political plea in US [LIVE] Royal POLL: Do you think Royal Family is becoming too political? [VOTE] She then described how Philip “walked away” after feeling his counsel fell on “deaf ears”. Even the circumstances of the announcement aggravated the Queen and her late husband, Ms Seward said. She claimed: “The Queen was informed ten minutes before the announcement went live on the website Sussex Royal. She was not amused. “As Philip was in residence, he was also aware of the announcement and its implications.” She said the circumstances surrounding the exit came as a “great shock” to the Duke, who could not comprehend Prince Harry’s choices. Ms Seward said in late 2020, shortly after the couple moved to America: “Philip simply cannot understand how Harry has behaved the way he has done. “His grandson’s behaviour is completely alien to him so not unnaturally the relationship has suffered. “Don’t forget this is a man about to turn 100 who has devoted 68 years of his adult life to supporting the monarchy, and this has been a great shock.”