As many as five million adults in the UK have undiagnosed high blood pressure, so will not know that they are at risk, according to the charity. As well as headaches, the charity says the following can be symptoms of high blood pressure:   Nonetheless, the American Heart Association says in most cases, high blood pressure does not cause headaches or nosebleeds “The best evidence indicates that high blood pressure does not cause headaches or nosebleeds, except in the case of hypertensive crisis, a medical emergency when blood pressure is  180/120mmHg or higher.” It says if you are experiencing severe headaches or nosebleeds and are otherwise unwell, contact your doctor as they could be symptoms of other health conditions. The NHS says: “High blood pressure, or hypertension, rarely has noticeable symptoms. But if untreated, it increases your risk of serious problems such as heart attacks and strokes.” READ MORE: Bowel cancer: Dr Philippa shares symptoms you need to spot - 'Look at the toilet paper' There are a number of lifestyle factors that can increase a person's risk of high blood pressure, many surrounding diets. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) says these can all increase your risk of getting high blood pressure:  It says physical activity can help reduce your risk of heart and circulatory disease and reduce blood pressure and cholesterol. The NHS says: “Regularly drinking too much alcohol can raise your blood pressure over time.” The BHF adds: “High blood pressure is serious. If you ignore it, it can lead to heart and circulatory diseases like heart attack or stroke. “It can also cause kidney failure, heart failure, problems with your sight and vascular dementia.”  Blood pressure is defined as the force put on your blood vessels and organs as blood is pumped around your body by your heart. Blood pressure is recorded with two numbers. The systolic pressure, higher number, is the force at which your heart pumps blood around your body. The diastolic pressure, lower number, is the resistance to the blood flow in the blood vessels. 