Emmy-winning animated series Love, Death + Robots makes its highly-anticipated return to Netflix. The third volume has been produced by multi-Oscar nominated director David Fincher and Tim Miller, who has also worked on Deadpool and Terminator: Dark Fate. Express.co.uk looks at the new series of Love, Death + Robots including the episode count. Netflix will release season the new episodes of Love, Death + Robots on May 30 for viewers to binge. There is a total of nine episodes in the new series with all of them dropping in one go. Netflix released a trailer for the upcoming series earlier this month, which at the time of publication has racked up over seven million views on YouTube, such is the fandom of Love, Death + Robots. The volume three teaser featured snippets from the stories across the series as well the titles of the new stories. Here is a list of episode titles for Love, Death + Robots season 3: Episode 1. Bad Travelling Episode 2. The Very Pulse of the Machine Episode 3. In Vaulted Halls Entombed Episode 4. Jibaro Episode 5. Swarm Episode 6. Mason’s Rats Episode 7. Three Robots: Exit Strategies Episode 8. Kill Team Kill Episode 9. Night of the Mini Dead READ MORE: Love Death and Robots: What is Love, Death and Robots on Netflix about Like previous seasons, Love, Death + Robots is an anthology series, consisting of standalone stories. Therefore, each instalment has a completely different look in terms of animation including CGI and more cartoon aesthetics. The trailer promises a mixture of fantasy, horror, science fiction as well elements of humour. Equally, the episodes fall into genres and according to Netflix, the storytelling veers from “uncovering an ancient evil to a comedic apocalypse”. Volume three will also see the return of some fan-favourites with curious droids K-VRC, XBOT 4000, and 11-45-G featuring in a new story. Speaking about their story Three Robots: Exit Strategies, writer John Scalzi said: “Just like any archaeologists, human, robot or otherwise, they are going on information that is piecemeal at best. “And they have to make assumptions, they have to guess, and sometimes they get it wildly incorrect. When they do, hopefully, it’s funny.” This is the only story from Love, Death + Robots to get a sequel - something of a first for the anthology series. The Hugo Award-winning author behind Redshirts and Old Man’s War wrote the script for Three Robots: Exit Strategies this time around, whereas the original Three Robots episode was based on one of his short stories. Scalzi said he initially wrote Three Robots after his friend kept poking him to contribute to her anthology with the writer finally caving in and bashing out the story in an hour or so. He said: “The fact that something I did to keep my friend from annoying me has gone on to have such a long life – first in the book, then the first season, then being the only episode that is explicitly a sequel – just tickles me. “And it thrills me, because the longer I’m with those characters, the more I love them.” DON'T MISS...Sally Dexter partner: Is Emmerdale's Faith Dingle star married? [EXPLAINER]Coronation Street theory: Debbie Webster reports Abi in revenge twist [ANALYSIS]Brenda Blethyn details off-screen Vera secret [INSIGHT] Love, Death + Robots made its debut back in 2019 and went on to develop a huge following, falling in a dark, dystopian vein similar to Black Mirror. Perhaps the biggest takeaway for those new to the show, Love, Death + Robots is very much an NSFW programme. Reflecting on the impact of Love, Death + Robots on the science fiction community, Scalzi said: “To have Love, Death + Robots come out and immediately there are so many hot takes — both from the science fiction community and the people who are watching in the film-television community — has been really gratifying. “It wasn’t a pebble thrown into the ocean that sinks straight down with barely a ripple. It was a big f***ing splash.” Love, Death + Robots season 3 will be released on May 20