Upon beating the likes of Harry Styles and Aaron Taylor-Johnson to the role of Elvis Presley in Baz Luhrmann’s biopic, Once Upon a Time in Hollywood actor Austin Butler made it clear he hoped Priscilla Presley and Lisa Marie would be happy with his performance. Just a few weeks ago, The King’s ex-wife admitted she was “very nervous” about the film, saying she didn’t think anyone could fill the star shoes of the star who died in 1977 at just 42. Since then, Baz invited her and Memphis Mafia member Jerry Schilling to a private screening of the film when in Australia. Both Austin and he had butterflies, concerned about just what she would make of the movie and how it represented Elvis. Lucky for them, the 76-year-old was blown away by both the movie and the 30-year-old’s performance. Attending the Met Gala this week, the director was asked by Variety on the red carpet: “What does it feel like to have Priscilla Presley say that Austin Butler gets Elvis?” Baz replied: “I can tell you, it’s very simple. There will never be, for Austin and I, a better review in our life. We didn’t know what she would think. We were butterflies. I can tell you that when she wrote the note, wrote to us, wrote to Austin, that he was…he broke down in tears. That is the simple truth. Why wouldn’t you? Can you imagine? Can you imagine that responsibility?” Priscilla had posted her review of the Elvis movie on her Facebook last week, writing: “For those curious about the new film ELVIS, Baz Luhrmann, the director, provided a private screening for me and Jerry Schilling at Warner studios recently. This story is about Elvis and Colonel Parker’s relationship. It is a true story told brilliantly and creatively that only Baz, in his unique artistic way, could have delivered.” DON'T MISSElvis: Sleeping in Lisa Marie bedroom memories shared by childhood pal [LISA MARIE]Elvis: ‘Disgusting! I was turned off’ Priscilla’s first impressions [PRISCILLA]Elvis' family on private life including The Flintstones pizza incident [ELVIS PRIVATE LIFE] On the cast, Priscilla added: “Austin Butler, who played Elvis is outstanding. Halfway through the film Jerry and I looked at each other and said WOW!!! Bravo to him…he knew he had big shoes to fill. He was extremely nervous playing this part. I can only imagine. Tom Hanks was Col Parker in this film. What a character he was. There was two sides to Colonel, Jerry and I witnessed both. The story, as we all know, does not have a happy ending. But I think you will understand a little bit more of Elvis’ journey, penned by a director who put his heart and soul and many hours into this film.” Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022.