A woman was taken aback when she found out there was a “catch” inside her car handle. She was so surprised she took to social media to share her findings, and to see whether other drivers knew of the “catch”. Jess, who goes by the username jmac8781 on Tik Tok, is known for creating “things you might not know” videos, amassing more than 250,000 followers in the process. The video begins with a person pulling down a car's grab handle, revealing a small catch which they then flip, holding the handle in place. This makes it easier to hang things up on the handle. Following a stunned reaction, Jess runs straight to the carpark to check if her car has this smart catch feature and to her surprise it does. READ MORE: Elderly drivers 'put off by the cost' of electric cars despite car ban The video in question has since gone viral, racking up more than 1.4 million views. While this may not be the case for every make and model of car, many users were stunned with the post garnering 107,000 likes and 1,800 comments. People were surprised to find that there were other uses for the grab handle, apart from holding themselves up on bumpy journeys. One commenter said: "What the heck?!? 42 years of my existence!" DON'T MISSDrivers slam 'nonsense' air con driving rule that can land £1,000 fine [NONSENSE]Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine [SHOCKING]New proposals would legalise e-scooters next year and reduce car use [IMPORTANT] Another user asked: "Why don't these things come with instructions!!!!!!! Ahhhhhhhhh my life!!!!" However some people had more questions than answers, with a third commenter saying: "I didn’t know you could do this. Genuinely curious though. “What do you use this for? I feel like I’m missing something." Others in the comments pointed out that drivers could use the grab handle for hanging clothes up when they were driving. The original purpose of the grab handle is to help drivers get in and out of the vehicle. In larger vehicles, drivers and passengers may need to hoist themselves into the seat, which is where the grab handle comes into play. The handles are especially useful for people with disabilities, older people, and pregnant people. For someone who has trouble with mobility or has an injured back, the handles can act as a vital lifeline. When entering or exiting the car, the individual can take the weight off their back so they can straighten their body out. This can help them become more comfortable before they get in or out of the car. Some cars will not come with a grab handle on the driver's side. It is assumed that when getting in the car, the driver will hold on to the steering wheel rather than needing a grab handle.