Novak Djokovic, 35, is going head-to-head with Rafael Nadal today on the famous clay courts of Roland Garros. The pair are set to face off on the main court for a chance to progress to the semi-final stage of the competition. Novak could be receiving the support of his wife Jelena court-side as he faces his arch-rival and 13-time French Open champion. However, Novak has revealed it may not be an easy task for her as it can prove “very stressful,” according to the World No 1. Speaking of his wife’s support during the 2021 US Open, Novak said Jelena does not always enjoy attending his matches. At the time of the interview, Jelena had been spotted wearing a t-shirt featuring Djokovic's face inside a silhouette of a wolf on Saturday, along with the words "I run with the wolf". Asked about the t-shirt, Novak explained: “She runs with the wolf. “It can be very stressful to run with the wolf. “I know that she doesn’t enjoy it at all times. It’s kind of living on the edge with the wolf.” Novak added during his on-court interview: “But I love her, she’s my great support.” The couple met in high school and began dating in 2005, before tying the knot in 2014 in Montenegro. The tennis pro’s match against Nadal started at 7.45pm UK time in the Court Philippe-Chatrier night session. He has already been discussing his chances in his pre-match conference on Monday. Novak told reporters: "I like the way I've been feeling, the way I'm hitting the ball. I'm ready. READ MORE...Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT]Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [LATEST]‘Don’t get that in the US!’ Tom Hanks praises BBC on The One Show [UPDATE] “It was obviously a well-anticipated match I think when the draw came out for a lot of people. “I’m glad that I didn’t spend too much time on the court myself up to quarter-finals, knowing that playing him in Roland Garros is always a physical battle, along with everything else.” His Spanish rival, on the other hand, differed in his perspective of his own career. Rafael said: “I haven’t played these kind of matches for three months so it is going to be a big challenge for me. “Two weeks and a half ago, even if I had good hopes after Rome, I didn’t even know if I would be able to be here. “So I’m just enjoying the fact that I am here for one more year. “And being honest, every match that I play here, I don’t know if it is going to be the last match here in my tennis career. That’s my situation now.” Rafael concluded: “I am just trying to enjoy as much as possible and fight as much as I can to keep living the dream.”