Whether selling a property or simply wanting to spruce it up, experts have shared top tips on just how important the colour of your front door is as well as the home’s exterior. The innovative colour-first home decor brand Lick, together with prime estate agent John D Wood & Co., has also said certain colours could even add value. Polly Ogden Duffy, Managing Director at John D Wood & Co, said: “First impressions count. “In fact, most buyers will make a decision in the first few seconds of seeing your home about whether they want to see inside. “That’s why an inviting entrance is key to maximising the sale of your property. It also helps to secure viewings of your home, ultimately giving you the strongest chance to secure the best price for your property. “A fresh coat of paint, teamed with existing door fittings gives the impression of a well-cared for home and is quick and easy to do. READ MORE: How to get rid of snails from your garden - 6 easy and natural methods “Buyers are making a lifestyle choice when they make their property purchase so the less they have to change, the more appealing for most. If you want to go all out, add a year-round wreath.” A freshly painted front door can significantly improve a home’s kerb appeal. But what colour should homeowners paint their front doors? According to Tash Bradley, Lick’s Director of Interior Design and Colour Psychologist, pale pink and lilac tones are “very on trend”. DON'T MISS:‘Cheap and gentle’ substitutes to ‘brighten’ whites and remove stains [EXPERT]Tomatoes: How to ‘boost fruiting’ and produce ‘delicious’ fruit [EXPLAINER]Houseplants: ‘Increase watering schedule’ but use ‘pencil’ trick first [INSIGHT] Bright colours including yellow are also recommended as they promote happy, warm and friendly vibes. The expert said: “The exterior of a house plays a huge part in how you feel and interact within your space. “If you’re selling your home, you want the first glimpse to fill your potential buyers with joy. “Think about how a buyer would feel when they see your front door, what emotion does it spark? Colours are a powerful way of delivering emotion and selecting the right colour can really make an impact, and tell a story about what’s to come inside. “Your front door colour gives an indication into the personality who lives inside. “You want your front door to welcome you home and to greet you with a smile. Currently, pale pink and lilac tones are very on-trend, channelling a fun, youthful vibe, full of energy.” The expert said homeowners should be “wary” of grey tones as the colour can “lack personality” and make the property feel “aloof”. Front door colours should complement the other tones and materials of a home’s exterior. Tash explained: “Take into consideration the brick colour, windows and shutters, letterbox and also the style of your front door.” Pale blue, dark blue and green are also great front door colours. Green can also promote the feeling of a “wholesome home”, while beige promotes “peaceful” and “calm”. Having a freshly painted front door adds to the property’s kerb appeal, one of the most important aspects of selling a home. Experts at Atlas Ceramics also recommended paying attention to front doors. They said: “Your front door will be a huge focal point for your property, so if it’s not looking its best, it will be easily noticeable. “You don’t have to go as far as buying a whole new door. You can simply paint it a new colour, such as sunny yellow or trendy olive green. “Even just giving it a clean with a specialist door product will make the world of difference, or adding a statement door knocker. “Plus, don’t forget to give your postbox and house numbers a polish.”