The Prime Minister agreed to his first Good Morning Britain appearance in five years, and was questioned by Susanna Reid about current issues including the Ukraine crisis, Partygate and the rising cost of living. As Boris Johnson tried to swerve the latter topic, Reid brought it back to the forefront of the conversation. ITV viewers labelled Johnson "shameful and embarrassing" as they struggled to watch the painful conversation. The highly-anticipated interview saw Johnson challenged over several of the current issues making headlines. "The biggest issue for people is not Ukraine," Reid explained as Johnson tried to change the subject away from the rising cost of living. "The biggest issue for people right now is how they can possibly afford to pay their bills, and they wonder, are you in touch with what they're experiencing? "Food prices are rising, going to be the biggest in a decade, energy bills are rising, and they're going to rise again in October. READ MORE: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ending "Petrol costs are rising, taxes are rising, food bank fees are rising. The number of people in poverty is rising. "The number of children in poverty is rising. This is on your watch Prime Minister, and we're doing everything we can to help with the pressures on family budgets." Johnson responded: "I totally understand and get what people are against, and it is important to set the global context this is a spike in energy prices. You mentioned food cost of chickens is crazy. "This is all being driven by the cost of the inputs, mainly fuel, and that is been has been greatly exacerbated by every single problem you've said." As Susanna explained how children in the UK are currently living in poverty, she hammered home Johnson's responsibility. "This is on your watch, Prime Minster," she remarked as Johnson appeared uncomfortable. On rising taxes, Johnson stated: "It's incredibly important that we focus on one of the biggest issues that we, this country, is in an insane position of having. "To take in piping electricity from France and elsewhere because we haven't done enough to invest in our own security of energy and electricity." DON'T MISS... 'Who are you fooling?' Eamonn Holmes slams Johnson's Ukraine speech [VIDEO]Ruth Langsford opens up on criticism from husband Eamonn Holmes [LATEST]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades admits he had doubts over new series [EXCLUSIVE] It didn't take long for viewers to air their responses to Johnson's answers with many branding it a "car crash". Twitter user Paul Abley posted: “That a shameful and embarrassing interview. This man leads our country. Susanna has him cornered #gmb the lies just flow so naturally.” Grannie-Ann added: “This interview is embarrassing to watch. I've never seen a PM waffle so much and still get by. “Anyway, major kudos to Susanna for keeping control of the interview and calling out the inaccuracies #GMB.” Sue Tilbury asked: “#GMB So what is the point of this car crash interview? Nothing achieved here!!” Liz Allan continued: “Whoever thought putting Suzanna Reid to interview Boris Johnston was a good choice got it totally wrong #GMB.” Jim Kavanagh commented: “Boris is coming over really badly in this interview on #GMB This is a disaster.” However others supported the interview with Sarah Coutts praising: “Excellent interview by @susannareid100 with the Prime Minister on @GMB this morning, not answering reasonable questions one bit!! #GMB.” Derek James added: “#GMB Well done #SusannaReid. If only everyone held this a**ehole PM to account like you did today. No wonder he never does live interviews.” Silvia Ullmayer shared: “Wow, Susanna on #GMB! Continue giving BJ a grilling, no No10 PR escape this time.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.