Gardeners' World usually airs on BBC Two on Friday evenings and sees Monty Don inspire viewers about how to make the most of their outdoor spaces. However, the popular programme will be replaced by another show which will be broadcast between 8pm and 9pm.   This year's Chelsea Flower Show has been running since Tuesday and finishes tonight, taking over the Gardeners' World slot. Once again, the stunning floral event has been held at Royal Hospital Chelsea. The hospital has been the home of the show every year since 1913, except for during the First World War and Second World War as well as in 2020 during the coronavirus pandemic. However, the event started far earlier than the 1900s as the first recorded Chelsea Flower Show took place in 1862. READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages ‘fame hungry’ Meghan will ‘hijack headlines  The 2022 event has been broadcast on the BBC throughout the week which has meant several shows have been replaced to air the flower show. While Gardeners' World has been pulled from tonight's BBC Two schedule, Monty Don fans will still get to see the horticulturist presenting. A statement from the BBC reads: "It's the end of the week at the Chelsea Flower Show and Monty Don and Joe Swift are celebrating in style with the winner of this year's BBC RHS People's Choice Award." Sharleen Spiteri, the lead singer of the band Texas, will join Monty to share her passion for gardening.  It added: "With one week to go until the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, Rachel de Thame celebrates the monarch’s long association with the Chelsea Flower Show." In addition, gardening expert Carol Klein will reveal her favourite floral picks from the Great Pavilion. Monty has been interviewing flower show attendees throughout the week and has shared videos and pictures with his fans on social media. On Monday, ahead of the show airing on BBC Two, the green-fingered expert told his 260,000 Twitter followers he had been awarded the Victoria Medal of Honour. DON'T MISS...Monty Don details difficult time after he and wife 'lost everything' [UPDATE]The One Show cancelled: BBC show won't air tonight [LATEST]Monty Don shares tip for getting clematis to bloom ‘all summer long’ [GARDENING] The prestigious medal is presented to British horticulturists by the Royal Horticultural Society Council. Monty shared a picture of the medal and penned: "[This is] the Victoria Medal of Honour presented to me by the Royal Horticultural Society at Chelsea today. "I also gave the address at the President’s lunch. Later I met and chatted with her Majesty the Queen. "Oh and I filmed all day for tonight’s programme at 8pm on BBC Two. Quite a day!" (sic)   Gardeners' World will return to BBC Two on Friday, June 3, at 8pm. For the upcoming episode, Monty will discuss how to get the best from tomatoes planted in grow bags and demonstrate how to divide agapanthus. Viewers will also get to see any developments in the recently revamped dry garden. Expert Frances Tophill will meet a Worcestershire couple who’ve created a garden inspired by their travels around the globe. Gardeners' World will return to BBC Two on June 3 at 8pm.  