  Patrick Murray took to social media today to share the news he had been “cured” of lung cancer. The Only Fools And Horses actor also revealed another tumour had been found in his liver, but that it was luckily considered “treatable”.      Patrick, 65, told fans he was “over the moon” that his lung cancer had been “cured” and the tumour in his liver was also “shrinking”. The star’s cancerous lung tumour was caught in its early stages at the beginning of this year when he had some scans. Patrick underwent surgery, as well as chemotherapy, to remove the tumour. During his treatment, another tumour was discovered in his liver, but doctors confirmed it was “treatable”. READ MORE: Roger Moore and his fourth wife Kristina's devastating tragedy     Patrick addressed his 11,800 Twitter followers today, revealing his exciting health update. He explained: “Thanks again for all your lovely messages. As you may know, I was diagnosed with lung cancer last July. “After an op in Oct to remove the tumour I had chemo to help prevent the cancer returning. “During this chemo, another tumour was discovered in my liver.      “Luckily for me this cancer was unconnected to the lung cancer and was also treatable.” The actor then told his followers he had received transcatheter arterial chemoembolization (Tace), a minimally invasive procedure performed in interventional radiology to restrict a tumour’s blood supply. “I had a procedure called Tace to deal with this,” he explained. “Last Friday l saw my oncologist,” he continued. “She told me the lung cancer was cured and that the tumour in my liver was shrinking. READ MORE... Rebekah Vardy’s ex denies he ‘forced’ Peter Andre ‘chipolata' chat [UPDATE] Deborah James' ‘rapid decline’ as family have to carry her to toilet [UPDATE] Steph McGovern receives support after she's pictured crying at home [NEWS]    “It’s not over yet, but as you can imagine I am over the moon with this latest news,” the actor shared. Patrick then went on to thank the “brilliant” doctors and nurses of the NHS for all they have done. “I will hopefully be there, at next year's convention,” he concluded, referring to the annual Only Fools And Horses convention. Patrick, who played the character Mickey Pearce in the iconic BBC sitcom, left fans devastated when he first shared the news of his cancer back in January. Admitting he had “wanted to keep his own health problems private”, he tweeted: “Thanks to my ultrascan I have a fighting chance.      “It showed my organs needed further investigation and tumours were spotted. This led to a PET scan which covers a much larger area. “To my wonderful surprise these lesions were not cancerous but the scan did find an early-stage cancerous tumour in my lung. This has since been removed. “I am tweeting now, which wouldn’t be the case if I hadn’t had the ultrasound all those months ago. “A lot of people put these symptoms down to age and the discomfort to simply having a weak stomach. “Please don’t ignore it if it persists. As for me, and thanks to the NHS, I can now see the same beautiful horizon as you.”   