GB News viewers were in for a laugh when presenter Gloria De Piero wanted to know if another member of the House of Commons knew who Scottish presenter Lorraine Kelly was. The jabbing question about the ITV host follows an awkward interview moment when Boris Johnson asked "who's Lorraine" was while appearing on Good Morning Britain. Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid was joined by the Prime Minister on Tuesday to talk about everything from Ukraine to the cost of living crisis. As Reid called time on their interview, she told Johnson: "It's good to talk to you. Lorraine is waiting to take up all the issues you have brought up in this interview." "Who's Lorraine?" Johnson asked, clearly unaware of who the TV host is. Not sure if he was joking or not, the early morning news broadcaster answered: "Who's Lorraine, Lorraine is a legend!" Read More: Ozark showrunner addresses hopes for spin-off as fans slam ‘disappointing’ ending   Moving on from the incident, Kelly took the handover and said: "Wow! Thank you, Susanna, a masterclass in political interviews, great stuff!" The Prime Minister's reaction sparked a frenzy on social media and GB News De Piero was keen to ask if Labour MP Barry Sheerman knew who the host was. At the end of their segment on GB News, De Piero asked: "Do you know who Lorraine Kelly is? Do you know who she is?" The puzzled MP replied: "I have no idea who she is.  "I'm usually kept online with this because you know I've got three daughters, a son and twelve grandchildren. "In fact, I was stunned the other day, Gloria you will like this, that something I said to the Chancellor recently has been viewed three million times on something called TikTok. "So don't ask me these convoluted questions about someone I'm not quite sure about." Laughing, the host commented: "You've got something in common with the Prime Minister today." DON’T MISS…'Not at tea time' Countryfile viewers slam Adam Henson over horrifying lamb segment [LATEST]'British people will never forgive him on Brexit' Jeremy Kyle slams Starmer's chance as PM [LATEST]NCIS season 19: Fans praise actor’s daughter after her debut ‘What a sweet moment!’ [LATEST]   The GB News segment received some backlash from viewers who thought there were more "important" matters to discuss. @Cattalia17 said: "Really so working instead of watching morning show is no longer a thing is it? So what if he doesn't know Lorraine, I didn't until I had to stay at home. Now what? Do I need retraining to know all television personalities?" (sic) "Political questioning is hitting new lows," @RedemptionBroon chimed in. Matthew Bloomfield stated: "I am sure they are far more important criticisms of Boris Johnson you can have than not knowing who a morning TV presenter is."  Breaking into laughter again, she highlighted how many viewers found it equally as funny and read out several tweets. Retelling what her online fanbase had said, she added: "Civil Servants working from home will be going 'eek' as they are all watching the show'." She praised her ITV co-star for her "brilliant" interview. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.