Queen Elizabeth II, 96, has been photographed smiling as she arrived for The Royal Windsor Horse Show on Friday. Her Majesty’s appearance came just two days after she missed the State Opening of Parliament, where her son and heir Prince Charles stepped in to read the monarch’s speech on her behalf. The Queen’s absence, due to “episodic mobility problems” has cast doubts on what role she will play in the events to mark her Platinum Jubilee next month. As Britain’s longest-serving monarch is celebrated, events from June 2-5 as 2022 will mark 70 years since she came to the throne. Looking back on the Queen’s reign, royal historian Hugo Vickers has selected some of her finest moments and laid bare her fascinating interactions with world leaders at key moments in history. The royal historian, who knows Her Majesty personally, helped plan her last three jubilees and has helped promote the Platinum Jubilee. Speaking to Express.co.uk ahead of the Jubilee, Mr Vickers recalled how the Queen told him of how she “tried to persuade” French President Charles de Gaulle against a “dangerous” act during his 1960 state visit to London. Mr Vickers said: “I remember because I was a child, and I would have been about eight when de Gaulle came. JUST IN: Harry's hopes dashed over plan to use Jubilee visit to 'figure something out' with William “I was in the Mall with my mother, and I saw him stand up in his carriage and salute his old wartime headquarters, which is 4 Carlton Gardens. “It’s just near where the George VI and Queen Elizabeth statue is, up to Carlton House Terrace. “Years later, the Queen was unveiling a panel in the Mall and so I asked her, was I right in remembering this? “I said that he stood up in the carriage to salute, and she said, ‘Yes, with me very much trying to persuade him not to’.” He added: “Because I guess if you had a six-foot six gentleman with a royal in a carriage standing up, it’s quite dangerous.” De Gaulle’s trip to the UK came at an incredibly sensitive time as France was deep into the Algerian crisis. French politics was in turmoil as the North African country was fighting for its independence. Meanwhile, the UK was also considering its first bid to join the European Economic Community. De Gaulle was met by the Queen at Victoria Station, and the pair travelled to Buckingham Palace together in an open carriage. His four-day trip included a gala ballet performance at Covent Garden, a visit to the Royal Hospital, an address to the Houses of Parliament and a review of the Household Brigade. DON'T MISS: Princess Beatrice enjoys night away from ‘screaming baby’ to honour the Queen [LATEST]Queen's unprecedented show of trust after handing Sophie Wessex ‘key’ to Buckingham Palace [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex once snubbed Camilla after claiming people didn’t want her as Queen [ANALYSIS] Mr Vickers recalled the moment the Queen told him about her ride in the carriage with de Gaulle. He said: “When she says these things, when she answers these questions, she’s very often moving on to the next person. “And it’s kind of a side which comes, she just drops it to you and by that stage she’s moved on. “She’s got a very good memory. You can’t catch her out. “Her random access to facts and anecdotes and stories and things is quite extraordinary.” De Gaulle’s state visit is clearly one of the Queen’s fondest memories of her 70 years on the throne. The Royal Family shared a snap of the monarch and the French President last month – the ninth snap in the collection of 70 photos to count down to the Jubilee. The image, from the 1960 state visit, features de Gaulle and the Queen in a carnation-decorated box at the Royal Opera House.