Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis has taken to Twitter to express his delight at the news Chancellor Rishi Sunak will give everyone £400 towards their energy bills. Mr Sunak made the announcement this afternoon in the House of Commons, in a statement on how he plans to help Britons through the cost of living crisis.  On Twitter, Martin said: "The Loan-Not-Loan is thankfully now dead. "It is now a grant coming off bills. "And it is bigger. "So now ALL energy bills will be reduced by a flat £400 this October." READ MORE: Rishi Sunak increases energy bills discount The Chancellor today announced that around eight million of the lowest income households will get a one-off payment of £650. From the autumn, more than eight million pensioner households who get the Winter Fuel Payment will be sent an extra, one-off pensioner cost of living payment of £300. To help the six million people who receive non-means tested disability benefits, the Government will provide an extra one-off disability cost of living payment worth £150. Kevin Mountford, savings expert and co-founder of savings platform Raisin UK, also welcomed the news.   DON'T MISSMartin Lewis urges Britons to watch out for 'hidden' payments [WARNING]Nationwide has increased rates across savings and ISA accounts [UPDATE]Dave Ramsey suggests if man should overpay mortgage or put it pension [INSIGHT]    However, Mr Mountford said the measures won't go far enough to help people when energy bills rise again. He added: “But, whilst these measures are encouraging and should bring some relief to households, for many of the 'squeezed middle', the increase in discount is still dwarfed by the jump that is coming to energy bills as forecasted by the regulator Ofgem.” Alastair Douglas, chief executive of TotallyMoney asked why it had taken so long for the Government to act. He said: “It’s promising to see the government take action to help households tackle the cost of living, but why has it taken so long?    What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea "Europe acted faster with Spain, Italy and The Netherlands having already taken steps to shield consumers against soaring energy prices. "Meanwhile, we’ve seen months of people choosing between heating and eating to get by, or cutting into their savings. "The focus on profit over purpose by energy companies at a time like this is hard to justify, especially with news of a price cap that is set to double the number of households in fuel poverty to 12 million. "We need to reprioritise. This windfall tax is entirely necessary to help protect those who are most vulnerable in society, not the pockets of executives.” 