Celtic couldn’t resist what appeared to be a dig at Rangers following the Europa League final on Wednesday night. Giovanni van Bronckhorst’s side lost to Eintracht Frankfurt on penalties after a dramatic evening in Seville. And their fierce rivals have now rubbed salt into their wounds. Rangers had enjoyed a stunning run to the Europa League final and were hopeful of putting Frankfurt to the sword and bringing a European trophy back to Glasgow. While the first half was a cagey affair, they went ahead through Joe Aribo in the 57th minute. However, Frankfurt were then able to force extra time through Rafael Santos Borre Maury before penalties then loomed. With tensions high, it was ultimately Aaron Ramsey who missed - with Frankfurt converting all of their spot-kicks to claim the prize. It was an agonising night for Rangers who, after such an exciting and entertaining jersey, ended up missing out on a trophy. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Celtic appeared to aim a dig at them on their official Japanese Twitter account by sharing a tweet at 11.55pm showing manager Ange Postecoglou with their two trophies won this season. It was uploaded with the caption that read: “King's personality.” Given the timing, it’s clear Celtic were firing shots at Rangers following their rivals’ agonising defeat. And fans reacted on social media, with one named @Seanmccracken88 saying: “I know what you are doing.” A second from @JidCFC said: “Thank you admin, goodnight.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And a third, from @RossMcVay, chipped in by saying: “Timing is everything.” While Celtic fans were delighted to see their rivals fail in their quest for European glory, it was a crushing night for Rangers and everybody associated with the club. And Van Bronckhorst, speaking after the game, admitted it would be ‘tough’ to pick players up for Saturday’s Scottish Cup final with Hearts. "It's difficult [to pick the players up for the Scottish Cup final]," he told BT Sport. "It's short days because we play on Saturday. “But we will have to face this challenge as well. The emotions are very down but we have to change that quickly to be prepared for Saturday. "Next season we have to start all over again. We came so far because we played well, we had the belief. “But next year it starts again. It's not certain we'll be on this level. We're going to work hard and make sure we develop as a team and we want to be on this stage. “Next year we have to do it again and we'll work hard to get silverware next season. "When you play the final you're very close to winning silverware and we were today. When you don't win the emotions go from possibly very high to very low. “I’ve had those moments in my career, losing big games, losing the World Cup final. It hurts. “For us it's now to look ahead. It's difficult but we have to make sure we're ready for Saturday. A big game against Hearts for the cup." And John Lundstram was also hurting, with the Rangers star adding: "I don't think both teams performed great. We could have played better - it's hard to perform on a big stage like this. "It's nervous for everyone. I'm just severely disappointed to let everyone down. “The Rangers fans have travelled out here and given us three quarters of the stadium. It's heartbreaking."