Mrs Hinch started sharing cleaning tips on social media several years ago. With more than four million followers now, fans of the cleaning guru share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to clean a “seriously mouldy” washing machine drawer. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one anonymous user wrote: “Does anyone know the best way to clean a seriously mouldy washing machine? “It has rock hard powder residue too.” The residue of liquids and fabric softeners are extremely thick in consistency, meaning they are difficult to rinse through the compartment fully and so some gets left behind. This leaves the perfect environment for black mould to grow. READ MORE: House prices: UK city seeing the biggest rise in asking prices Washing machine drawers should be cleaned regularly otherwise the risk of mould passing through with the detergent onto clothing increases. Taking to the comments, Kathryn Braithwaite wrote: “Use scalding water.” Alison Riddell said: “Soak in boiling water.” Patricia Kelly commented: “Take the drawer out and soak in hot water.” DON'T MISS:How to get rid of ants using ‘natural deterrent’ - ‘great option’ [COMMENT]Phil Spencer ‘born and bred’ in the Kent countryside [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘21p hack’ to get microwaves ‘sparkling’ [EXPLAINER] Georgie Beck wrote: “I always see so many tips recommending expensive cleaning products and hot water works just the same. “You may have to add some bleach or washing up soap but it’s virtually free and the easiest way.” Chrissy McAllen added: “Definitely soap in hot soapy water and mould will dissolve in an hour or so.” Bettina Nash also recommended using boiling water along with a small cleaning brush to scrub the mould away.” Other group members recommended using white vinegar. Every surface in and around the washing machine can be sprayed with white vinegar, which can get rid of mould as well as stop it from reappearing. Mrs Hinch also shared top tips on cleaning the drum of the washing machine, which can also grow mould if it isn’t aired out properly after using. Corinne Bricknell said: “Take the drawer out and spray with mould and mildew remover and leave for 15 minutes. “Chuck a good couple of cups of soda crystals directly into the empty drum. “Scrub and rinse the drawer and then put back in the machine with some bleach into the detergent drawer. “Set the machine off as hot as it goes and it should give your machine a good clean.” Soda crystals have great softening properties, making them great to use in the washing machine. They are extremely versatile and help to dissolve grease and tackle dirt too. What’s more, they are extremely cheap to pick up from supermarkets as well as stores like B&M.