The professor of politics at the University of Strathclyde said that while the party has seen significant gains in London, outside of the capital Labour's vote share was actually down compared to 2018 when the seats were last up for election. He said as things stood there was no obvious route to No10 for the Opposition. Prof Sir John told the BBC: "Labour are probably somewhat disappointed." He added that the results were not a performance "that indicated a party that is on course for winning a general election with a majority". Prof Sir John said that based on the results of last night there was not even certainty that Sir Keir Starmer's party would win the most seats at the next general election. "Outside of London, as compared to 2018 when these seats were last contested, it looks like their seats are down slightly," he said. READ MORE ON OUR ELECTIONS LIVE BLOG  "And for a party that is trying to regain ground in the so-called Red Wall seats in the Midlands and north of England, this wasn't quite the progress they wanted. "There is still a very substantial legacy of the impact of Brexit on both the character of the Conservative and Labour supporters. "The Conservatives is still much stronger in Leave areas, and therefore Labour is still struggling to make more progress there." Sir Keir's party solidified its grip on the capital with its local election results last night. It won the flagship council of Wandsworth - often dubbed Margaret Thatcher's "favourite council" - as well as Barnet and Westminster. The party is even on course for its best performance in the capital since London's 32 councils were created in 1964. But Prof Sir John continued: "In terms of seats won and lost, while actually its made net gains in London, it's made a slight net loss outside of London. "So outside of London, it's a rather different story. "And of course, Labour can't win Westminster Parliament by simply winning Westminster council." His analysis paints a very different picture to the one being portrayed by Labour. DON'T MISS:Local election results 2022 mapped: Find out how your area voted here [INSIGHT]Ferrari shames Boris Johnson's election results [WATCH]Dominic Cummings in sensational election day attack [REACTION]  Sir Keir Starmer has been talking up the results as proof his party is "back on track". He said the elections "sent a message to the Prime Minister that Britain deserves better" as he reacted to the results. "This is a big turning point for us," he told cheering supporters this morning. "From the depths of 2019 in that general election, back on track, winning in the north.  "Cumberland! Southampton! We've changed Labour and now we're seeing the results of that." He added: "What brilliant teams we've got, all the fantastic work we've put in. "When it comes to London, you can hardly believe those names come off our lips. "Wandsworth! They've been saying for years 'You'll never take Wandsworth from us.' We've just done it! Westminster! It's an astonishing result." 