Ford is one of 25 large companies to put its name to a petition calling on the European Union to ban the sale of new Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) cars and vans from 2035. The car manufacturer has already committed to phasing ICE vehicles out of its line-up by 2035 and achieving net-zero carbon neutrality at the same time. Earlier this month, the lawmakers on the European Parliament’s environment committee backed an EU plan to impose a ban from 2035. They also voted against proposals for tougher targets to cut car CO2 emissions within this decade, angering climate change campaigners. The committee supported the proposal for a 100 percent cut in CO2 emissions by 2035, which would make it impossible to sell new fossil fuel-powered vehicles in the 27-countries of the European Union. The European Commission proposed the targets in a package of climate change policies last year. READ MORE: Bus lane camera issues 30,000 fines to drivers in one spot They were based around the proposal that new cars stay on the roads for 10 to 15 years - meaning that 2035 is the latest date that sales of polluting cars could stop without affecting the plan to have zero emissions by 2050. To support this initiative, the European arm of Ford has called on the EU to "establish mandatory targets for charging infrastructure" with a view to facilitating the mass switchover to EVs. The company did not suggest what these targets should be, but a recent report from accounting giant Ernst and Young showed that Europe would need 65 million chargers in operation by 2035 to accommodate around 130 million electric vehicles. Some 85 percent of these devices, Ernst and Young said, would need to be installed at homes. DON'T MISS Petrol and diesel drivers warned of new Low Emission Zones this spring [WARNING] ‘Landmark’: Major UK hydrogen vehicle trials to begin next month [REVEAL] Diesel drivers are being 'fleeced' at the pumps as MP's demand action [INSIGHT] Ford of Europe said that a step change must be made in terms of the quality and capacity of Europe's EV charging network, if the EU is to achieve its goal of net-zero emissions by 2050. Ford’s boss Stuart Rowley said: "At Ford in Europe, we believe that freedom of movement goes hand in hand with caring for our planet and each other. “That’s why we're targeting all Ford vehicles to be zero-emissions by 2035. "To successfully achieve this, EU policymakers must also establish mandatory national targets for a seamless electric charging infrastructure that lives up to the growing demand for electric vehicles.” Ford also wants the EU to usher in new rules "that establish clear vehicle standards, enabling conditions and a timeline to facilitate the transition to electric vehicles,” AutoCar reported. The EU is currently working towards a 37.5 percent reduction in vehicular CO2 emissions by 2030, although the measures proposed last year would take this up to 55 percent on the way to an all-out ban on ICEs five years later. Alongside Ford, many of Europe's largest car manufacturers – including Audi, Mercedes-Benz, Mini, Renault, and Stellantis – have already announced plans to stop launching new ICE models by 2030. Ford of Europe said: "Removing fossil-fuel-burning vehicles from the road is imperative for Europe reaching its goal of net-zero emissions by 2050.” The European Parliament will vote on the car CO2 proposals later this year, after which lawmakers and EU countries must negotiate the final rules. Jan Huitema, the lead lawmaker on the policy told Reuters: "With CO2 standards, we create clarity for the car industry and stimulate innovation and investments for car manufacturers," adding that it should make driving electric vehicles cheaper. By switching to EVs, the EU aims to tackle the quarter of European emissions that come from transport, which have risen in recent years. The EU is also negotiating proposals to require countries to install public charging points at regular intervals along major roads. The European Commission has also reached a provisional agreement that all new vehicles sold in Europe will be fitted with a speed limiter as a legal requirement from July 6 this year.