Dan Wootton became embroiled in a fiery clash with broadcaster Narinder Kaur on Wednesday evening as the pair debated the 'beergate' scandal engulfing Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer. Photos have shown Sir Keir having a beer and a takeaway with Labour staff last year when social gatherings were restricted. Ms Kaur told GB News: “Keir Starmer has been cleared, I think you are desperately clutching at straws here, there’s nothing in it, let’s move on. He has been cleared.” "It doesn’t matter if he’s been cleared, he broke the rules," snapped back Mr Wootton Ms Kaur replied: "I don’t think he broke the rules, he was working and he was cleared, he was allowed to eat some food." The GB News host responded: “The rules at the time said you could not socialise indoors even with work colleagues, and he is downing beer, he’s scoffing takeaways. “He wants the Chancellor Rishi Sunak to resign from his job because he’s in a room where Boris Johnson was being presented with a cake.” Conservative pundit Calvin Robinson then jumped in, adding: "First of all it was after 10pm, there were beers, there was curry, 30 people indoors, this doesn’t sound like a working environment. "Then they doubled down on the lies, first Angela Rayner wasn’t there, nobody could remember if she was there or not, then she was there.” Mr Wootton blasted: "This is a cover-up Narinder, this is a Labour Party cover-up."  In response, Ms Kaur asked: “Don’t we have better things to argue about?” “Yes we have better things to talk about, but Narinder I’ve been saying since December that we have better things to talk about," answered Mr Wootton. “It was Labour who spoke about this for months on end and all of a sudden Labour doesn’t want to talk about it." The Labour leader has come under pressure since footage emerged of him drinking a beer with colleagues in April 2021 in Durham, during campaigning for the Hartlepool by-election. DON'T MISS:  Nicola Sturgeon confronted with brutal new Indy poll ‘Must be disappointed' [REVEAL] Nicola Sturgeon rattled over Scottish IndyRef2 support [INSIGHT] Anna Soubry leads Remainer fury at post-Brexit 'conspiracy of silence'  [SPOTLIGHT]  At the time of the gathering, non-essential retail and outdoor venues including pub gardens were open but social distancing rules, which included a ban on indoor mixing between households, remained in place. Speaking to ITV's Good Morning Britain on Wednesday, he said: "We're on the road, at the end of the day, we're in the office preparing. Now, that evening, from memory, we were doing an online event for members because we had this 'get out the vote' thing. "At some point, this was in the evening, everybody's hungry and then that takeaway was ordered. It was then delivered into the kitchen of the offices. Restaurants and pubs were closed, so takeaways were really the only way you could eat. "So this was brought in and at various points, people went through the kitchen, got a plate, had some food to eat, and got on with their work."