The classic car industry is estimated to be worth around £18.3billion to the UK economy, and employs approximately 113,000 people. Because of this, a new report highlights how the sector needs to attract and entice a new demographic of classic car fans to secure a “prosperous future or risk decline”. Studies within the report, from Footman James, highlights that younger audiences show an interest in buying classic cars. Around half of Generation Z-aged respondents said they would consider owning a classic vehicle in the future. For millennials (those aged between 26 and 41-years old), that number slips to 35 percent of respondents saying they would consider owning a classic car in the future. However, if businesses offered shared ownership to millennials, 51 percent of this age group said that they would consider joint ownership, thus showcasing an area for improvement and growth. READ MORE: Maximum driving age plans for elderly motorists are 'unfair' Charlotte Moseley, Head of Marketing at Footman James, acknowledged that the classic car industry needs more representation from a range of groups. She said: “As a sector, we need to ensure we’re more inclusive. “For example, there have been many reports of steady growth in the number of female classic owners in the media, but stats have yet to prove that to be true. “From talking to enthusiasts and holding meets like Coffee and Chrome, we can see that the audience is slowly changing, and we know we need to continue to appeal to a wider spectrum of owners. DON'T MISSDriver loses licence and livelihood after going 6mph over speed limit [SHOCKING]Van driver handed £275 fine after London ULEZ mistake [OUTRAGEOUS]Electric car charger downtime could cost businesses over £90k a year [INSIGHT] “This includes not only how and where we promote the FJ brand, but also in the way we support the community as a whole. “We also need to look at our product offering to ensure we’re able to cover vehicles that are more appealing to a broader range of enthusiasts.” The report urges community and club managers to look further than traditional classic car fans and open clubs to more people to attract new audiences and breed new classic car fans and owners. Despite research suggesting more women are owning classic cars than ever before, just nine percent of Footman James’ clients are female. But with 22 percent of women reporting they would consider owning a classic car in the future, and 19 percent not sure, it shows a business case to appeal to these female buyers. David Bond, Managing Director of Footman James, said: “Change is good for our community. “In many ways, as this report highlights, we have changed and evolved as a classic car sector, using technology and communities in times of need. “But, if we look around, it’s clear to see that our industry isn’t doing enough to change quickly enough, especially around the gender and age of enthusiasts. “Speaking to our clients and indeed the public about classic and collector cars, as a community, we’re deemed as old school as our cars. “We must listen to this criticism and become more attractive, inclusive and welcoming to the new era of the classic vehicle community. “After all, without change, we wouldn’t have grown the classic and enthusiast vehicle sector this far.” In 2019, the DVLA recognised 457,918 classic cars with 154,817 of these being SORNed. This figure rose to 479,975 in 2020 as those registered up to 1980 came into the fold. In 2021, that figure stood at 496,477 – nearly 1.4 percent of all registered cars in the UK.