Manchester United chief Richard Arnold is in agreement with Erik ten Hag when it comes to winning the Premier League title next season. A big rebuilding job is required at Old Trafford after a chastening campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Yet expectations aren’t too high at the current moment in time. Manchester United finished sixth in the Premier League table this season, having been expected to challenge for the title at the start of the campaign. And, according to ESPN, Red Devils chiefs Arnold and John Murtough are aligned with Ten Hag when it comes to next season. It’s stated that the trio know it would be ‘unrealistic’ for United to challenge for the crown next term. That’s no surprise, especially given how high the likes of Manchester City and Chelsea have raised the bar in English football. But there’s said to be ‘already pressure’ when it comes to steering the club back into the Champions League. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings United have now failed to qualify for the tournament four times since the retirement of Sir Alex Ferguson back in 2013. Under David Moyes they slipped to seventh, despite the Scot having largely the same squad that won the title in Ferguson’s last season. Louis van Gaal finished fifth in his second season in the dugout, which prompted the Glazers into hiring Jose Mourinho as a replacement. And, when Solskjaer took charge, United had to settle for sixth in the standings. They did so in 2017, too, but Mourinho was able to guide them into the Champions League by winning the Europa League. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag No United manager has lasted when the club have been unable to finish in the top four. And Ten Hag knows he’ll need to spark a remarkable turnaround in order to get his new team fully firing again. Ahead of doing this, the Dutchman reportedly wants a ‘full run-down’ of each and every squad member so he can build a ‘complete picture’ of them. He’s eager to know about both their families and their life at home. And this is so he can make a ‘full assessment’ of their character and whether they’re the right fit for his United ticket. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ten Hag wants transfer backing, too. United’s squad is in dire need of a revamp, with their shortcomings under Solskjaer and Rangnick clear for all to see. They’d like a right-back to replace Aaron Wan-Bissaka, who is expected to be cut loose this summer. A new centre-back is being targeted, too, with the likes of Pau Torres and Jurrien Timber being linked. In midfield, the Red Devils will need to act amid the imminent exits of Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And, up top, Ten Hag wants a new forward to ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo’s shoulders. Speaking at his first press conference, meanwhile, Ten Hag stressed that every match would matter to him. “For me, every game is important,” he said. “We want to win every game and that has to be the attitude from everyone: players, but also staff and all the other ones in the club. “Every game is important and we will give our best in every game to win and to come forward.”