During the latest episode of the BBC series Countryfile, Charlotte Smith went on a mission to investigate the reason for the lack of farm vets in the country. She followed the life of one vet Molly McKay who opened up on the struggles farmers are facing with their livestock and how stretched the remaining farm vets are feeling. After looking at how Brexit affected farm vets and looking into the rapid decline of people wanting to be trained in the profession, Charlotte asked: "So what does this shortage of vets what impact does it have on farms?" Molly began: "Huge, we still get phone calls at the moment from farms that are right on the outside of our area that say we need a vet, and we can't get one. "It's crucifying to listen to somebody at the other end of the phone going, 'I need a vet for something', and I just can't get anyone to attend - there is nothing we can do. "If they are more than about an hour and a half from us because we physically cannot do it, we don't have the manpower to cope with it. READ MORE: Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew "That is devastating because those farmers all really care about the welfare of their stock, and therefore they may end up shooting something because it maintains the welfare and takes the animal out of pain. "When in fact, something could have been done to save that animal, and that is awful. We may also miss things on farms going on that we should be seeing, but if we haven't got vets going on those farms, we won't being seeing it," she explained. Charlotte continued: "If we don't persuade more people to be farm vets or to get more farm vets into the country, what will happen?" "I don't know, I don't think it is very positive," Molly emotionally revealed. "I have to say it does keep me awake at night. "If I don't find someone who wants to take on the practice in the next 10 years, what happens to all the farmers in this area that wouldn't be able to get a vet? "It's very difficult, it just looks desolate. I don't know what they would do. But it will be horrible if we got to the situation where if you had an animal sick out of hours, your only option was to shoot it, but that could happen." Whilst looking at the impact the decline in vets is having on farmers and their stock, Charlotte experienced what it was like for Molly during her day to day work life. Molly revealed that it was her 19th continuous day working, but her appointments had to be pushed to the side as she needed to attend an emergency. DON'T MISS...Countryfile's Anita Rani breaks down after lamb tragically dies  [INSIGHT]Countryfile viewers slam Adam Henson over horrifying lamb segment [LATEST]Helen Skelton returns to TV for rugby hosting role after Richie split [WATCH] Looking on at the scene, Charlotte explained: "As our cameras join Molly, she is dashed to an emergency where a cow has been struggling to calf. "The farmer realised there was something seriously wrong, and Molly confirmed that the calf had died, now the race is on save the mother. "When you are out on a farm watching something like this, it just becomes really clear how important experiences vets are." Speaking to the farmer whose cow Molly had to perform an emergency c-section on, Charlotte asked: "You must be very, very glad to have Molly?" He exclaimed: "Oh yeah, you need a vet that knows what they are doing, she knows what's best to get the calf out and less stress for the animal, and it is just touch and go now whether she survives or not." Charlotte added: "Where would you be without the vet?" "Big problems," he promptly replied. "If you couldn't get a vet, the kindest thing for her would be to have put her down. "What is the point in putting a healthy animal down, it's not her fault that that happened, is it? Fingers crossed she'll be alright, she'll feel a lot better now that's out." Countryfile airs Sunday from 5pm on BBC One.