Erik ten Hag is convinced that he will be able to develop four youngsters at Manchester United as he prepares to make the move to Old Trafford. The Dutchman has had brilliant success bringing in the youth through at Ajax. And Jadon Sancho, Anthony Elanga, Marcus Rashford and Scott McTominay have been identified as those who Ten Hag believes can become world-class, according to the Mirror.The 52-year-old was identified as the right man to take over last month ahead of Mauricio Pochettino. One of the main reasons behind the choice was because of his development of young talents - a cornerstone of United's philosophy that has been in place since their formation. The club's academy has a brilliant track record with producing top stars. After a disastrous season where the Red Devils will go without Champions League football, this is one of their most important summer transfer windows in years. And Ten Hag will want to bring in players that suit his style rather than the big glitzy names. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings However, the Dutchman might be able to save the club some money in the summer after insisting that he can get the best out of the four aforementioned players. While Sancho was brought in from Borussia Dortmund last year for £73million, the other three have all come through the United academy. Several of those that came up through Ajax and have gone on to become renowned names in sport have denoted Ten Hag's influence, including Matthijs de Ligt and Frenkie de Jong. And they will not be the last with the Dutch club set for another windfall in cash through player sales due to the coach's training methods. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Ryan Gravenberch, Jurrien Timber and Antony all look set to potentially depart for huge fees this summer that will kickstart another cycle, maintaining Ajax's financial position. As for United, they will not be selling their top stars easily due to their revenue streams - meaning that they do not need to rely on the transfer window as much for income. It means that Ten Hag will get the chance to truly further a player's career and that could be brilliant news for Sancho, Elanga, McTominay and Rashford - who have been desperate for some coaching to direct them and fulfil their potential - particularly, the latter. Rashford has been strongly linked with a move away this summer after falling down the pecking order and losing a touch of what made him a household name in the Premier League. Getting back in the starting XI will be his first priority at United while Ten Hag might be the man to help the striker realise his talent once again.