Everton are ready to table a bumper contract offer worth £5million a year to try and lure James Tarkowski to Goodison Park - but they are set to face stiff competition in the race to land the coveted defender, with Aston Villa also interested in a deal. Tarkowski is a free agent after this summer after running down his deal at Burnley. Despite impressing for the Clarets this season, Tarkowski was unable to prevent Mike Jackson's side from slipping out of the top-flight on Sunday. However, that hasn't detracted a host of Premier League clubs from plotting a move for the 29-year-old. A report in Monday's Mirror revealed that Toffees boss Frank Lampard wants to bolster his defence this summer, and Tarkowski has been identified as a potential new arrival. With limited funds set to be available at Goodison Park this summer, a move for Tarkowski - who will not command a transfer fee - appeals to the club. Everton are planning a major summer cull with a host of out-of-contract players set for the chop. This would help free up the funds to table a firm offer for Tarkowski, but the defender's advisors have already been in contact with various other interested clubs. READ MORE: Kylian Mbappe 'had talks with Jurgen Klopp to join Liverpool' before new PSG contract The Burnley ace has previously been targeted by West Ham, who have seen been bids for Tarkowski rebuffed in the past, while Fulham have also been linked with the two-cap England star. Aston Villa boss Steven Gerrard is also in the market for new recruits and has also struck two deals in recent weeks. The Midlands outfit confirmed that a deal to bring Marseille's holding midfielder Boubacar Kamara to Villa Park had been agreed on Monday while they also snapped up Philippe Coutinho on a permanent basis earlier this month. While Villa are admirers of Tarkowski, the report outlines that Lampard and Everton have 'made the first move' for the defender in a bid to win the race for the in-demand ace. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag fires warning to Manchester United players in first interview as managerLeeds reject £46m Raphinha bid after Premier League safety as star 'agrees terms'Cristiano Ronaldo and Mason Greenwood 'erupted' during specific Man Utd defeat The Toffees may have narrowly escaped the drop, but Tarkowski was not as fortunate. And he pulled no punches after Burnley dropped out of the top-flight on Sunday. Burnley knew that a win against Newcastle at Turf Moor in the season finale would be enough to confirm safety - but they slumped to a 2-1 defeat. Tarkowski admitted that the Clarets had not been good enough over the course of the season. He said: "It is not about just today's result, over the season we have not been good enough, we took it to the wire but just not good enough. We have given it a go in the last few games but frankly we need to be better than we have been. We got our just rewards in the end by not doing enough."