Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has admitted it is 'unlikely' he will lift his second Premier League title on the final day of the season, despite Tuesday's battling 2-1 win at Southampton. The Reds need leaders Manchester City to drop points at home against Steven Gerrard's Aston Villa to keep their quadruple dreams alive. After full-time, Klopp admitted his hopes weren't high for the final day and aimed a subtle dig at the Premier League's fixture scheduling due to Villa playing on Thursday. However, the German boss insisted that it's possible Gerrard takes points from the Etihad Stadium, which is 'enough' for him to believe. Asked whether he felt Liverpool's chances of leapfrogging Man City in the 11th hour were unlikely, Klopp told BBC Sport: "Of course, it is unlikely because City play at home against Aston Villa, who play only on Thursday. It will be tough against Burnley. They fight for survival. "But it is football. I think the time when City became champion [in 2019], it was because of 11 millimetres. If someone wants us to be champion, then we have to win first, and Aston Villa need to get a point at City. It is possible, not likely, but possible. That is enough." JUST IN: Man Utd stars told what to expect as Daley Blind sends Ten Hag plea  Klopp made wholesale changes to his side at St. Mary's after Liverpool's gruelling FA Cup Final victory on Saturday. And he was in awe of the performance to keep their hopes of lifting a 20th top-flight title alive, especially after falling behind in the first half. "The way we played with nine changes is outstanding," Klopp explained. "I saw sensational performances without rhythm. The mentality after being 1-0 down in a situation, I think we agree, that could have been a free-kick. We were all a bit outraged, but the boys calmed down. We scored a wonderful goal, we were never out of the game, but it was open again. READ MORE: Martin Tyler delights fans: Liverpool may need 'F1 race director'  "Second half, we kept going, had spells where we didn't control the ball well enough, then scored to make it 2-1 and then it was normal. Top game, unbelievable performance, nine changes. It worked out because of the players. If it hadn't worked out it 1000 per cent would have been my responsibility." While they rely on Villa to produce a shock result in Manchester, Liverpool will be fully focused on completing their task at hand as Wolves visit Anfield at the same time. And if things don't go their way on Sunday, it's not like Klopp and his squad have a Champions League final to look forward to next week... Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here. 