Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong has revealed that he has held positive talks with Barcelona manager Xavi about next season. The Dutch midfielder has been linked with a move away from the Camp Nou recently, specifically to Manchester United. The arrival of Erik ten Hag in the summer has sparked speculation about what top talent the current Ajax boss will be able to attract. The 52-year-old has developed a reputation for nurturing young talent and rebuilding teams entirely, meaning that he should be a good fit for the Red Devils given their struggles since Sir Alex Ferguson retired. With Nemanja Matic expected to be sold and Paul Pogba departing at the end of this season when his contract expires, signing a central midfielder will be a priority for Ten Hag. Reports have intensified linking De Jong to Old Trafford, with many expecting the manager to be keen to reunite with his former playmaker. But the chances of that happening appear to be slim, as De Jong has revealed that he intends on helping Barca win the La Liga next season. He explained: “The conversation with Xavi was very good. “I am confident in myself and the coach says he is too, so everyone is happy. The Pressure is always good for a player to get the best out of himself, the pressure is never too much. “This year, we have not been at the level we wanted to be and that is why we weren’t able to compete with Real Madrid – but we hope so next season.” Barca struggled at the beginning of this season under Ronald Koeman but the appointment of Xavi has seen them bounce back to form.  The ex-Spain international has signed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Ferran Torres amongst other stars as he looks to guide his former club back to European glory. And he has already spoken about how De Jong is a key figure in his project. He said: “There aren't many players with his quality in the world. He's the present and the future [at Barca]. He is a very important player for me. He's capable, strong and he gets into the box. He has had some excellent games, but he has to be consistent. We had a face-to-face chat this week and it went well.”