While growing crops from scratch requires time and effort, the results simply can’t be beaten when the hard work pays off. Enjoying the fresh taste of homegrown fruit and vegetables is one of the obvious advantages to filling up your garden, but the benefits don’t stop there. Express.co.uk spoke to the experts Steve White and Tom Hilton to find out the key benefits of growing your own crops, and the amount of money you can save in the process. The rising rate of inflation coupled with soaring energy prices has left millions of us battling a tighter budget, and expensive staples like fresh fruit and vegetables are just some of the foods being forced out of the weekly shop. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Tom Hilton, gardening expert and director of hydroponic specialists, National Greenhouse said: “With the average weekly food cost for the average UK household rising by 3 percent to £97 amid the cost of living crisis, now is the best time for people to consider the best ways to cut down their costs - in any way they can. “Many people have previously been put off by the idea of growing their own fruit and vegetables at home, out of fear of it being too much effort, but the long-term gains seriously outweigh this.” READ MORE: How to grow an avocado from the stone - 3 key steps Aside from being rewarded with the fresh, organic taste of homegrown vegetables, getting stuck into sowing seeds or planting crops comes with significant financial savings too. Steve White, Founder & Managing Director of We Can Grow told Express.co.uk: “The fact is that when you purchase anything from a retail outlet you’re not just paying for the item, you’re paying for the cost of planting, growing, harvesting and storing the product along with the cost of global transportation and logistics, not to mention the profit made by the grower and the retailer. “Growing your own fruit and veg removes a significant proportion of these costs – it’s good for you and good for the environment.” Take a staple favourite like carrots, for example. A budget retailer may offer these at 50p per kilo, which seems like a great price but when you compare it to the cost of a packet of carrot seeds, which can cost as little as 45p for 1500 seeds, and from which you could harvest upwards of 150 kilos of tasty, nutritious and environmentally friendly carrots, it doesn’t compare. Steve added: “You could expect to pay up to £75 for the same volume from the supermarket.” It’s not just carrots that you can save on either. In fact, a recent study by Which? found that everything from baby lead and courgettes to strawberries and raspberries are significantly cheaper to grow at home. According to their research, it costs about 83p to grow 1kg of mangetout at home, but if you were to buy the same amount from the supermarket, it could cost you a whopping £7.That's a massive saving of £6.17 per kg, just by growing it yourself. Here’s how much you can save on other fresh ingredients: DON'T MISS:Is your garden breaking the law? 6 unusual laws you might be breaking [INSIGHT]Monty Don on what to do if ants ‘attack’ apple trees - 'don't spray' [REVEAL]‘Easy’ and ‘inexpensive’ methods to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden bugs [ANALYSIS] There are so many varieties out there that can easily be grown in the British climate - such as bell peppers, runner beans and brussel sprouts - and in scenarios where the weather is less than perfect, there’s plenty of gardening equipment out there to create the ideal growing environment (whether that’s indoors or outdoors). Tom said: “You can also grow your own vegetables in bulk, with lettuce and rocket being particularly easy to look after.“In today’s day and age - where a small salad bag now costs over £1 - there’s never been a better time to unleash your green thumb within.” Perennials like cauliflower and broccoli are just as cost-effective; simply plant the seed once and you’ll probably get at least 10 heads annually. If you’re worried about space, Steve recommended making the most of what you do have to kickstart your crop-growing journey. He said: “A small flower patch, raised planter, or even an old bucket with some holes placed at the bottom and filled with compost is a great place to start planting seeds. “As long as you water your chosen container and give it access to sunlight, the fruit and vegetables will grow.” The list of fruit and vegetables you can grow with ease is vast, with carrots, potatoes, peas, tomatoes and spinach all good staples and a perfect place to start for someone new to growing. Steve added: “The trick is not to plant a mass of one variety at once, if you stagger the sowing, you can look forward to enjoying a steady supply. I have carrots in my planters that were sown in April of last year and they are still delicious.”