The Bank of England hiked the base rate to its highest level for 13 years at the beginning of May, with a 0.25 percent rise to one percent. The rate rise to battle surging inflation - now expected to average 10 percent over autumn - should benefit savers but will hit mortgage borrowers and businesses, who face higher borrowing costs. On The Martin Lewis Money Show: Live on Tuesday night, the money saving expert responded to listener concerns about the base rate and what it could mean for mortgages. Krishna emailed in saying that his fixed rate mortgage was coming to an end. However he didn’t know whether he should be looking at a two year fixed deal, or five year fixed deal next. He also wanted to know if Mr Lewis thought that the interest rates would continue to rise? The money saving expert said: “Yes I do. READ MORE: Retired nurse 'crushed' as she loses 'life-changing' savings set aside for her retirement The MPC voted by a majority of six to three to increase the base rate by 0.25 percentage points, but the members in the minority were not advocating that rates should be held and instead preferred a 0.5 percentage points rise to 1.25 percent. The Bank also increased its forecast for UK inflation, which it now believes will average 10 percent in the final three months of the year as autumn turns to winter and higher energy bills bite. Mr Lewis then went onto discuss what this means for those with mortgages coming to an end who may not know whether they should fix for longer. He explained that six months ago people could get mortgage deals below one percent, however now, the cheapest fixes are now double that at 2.1 percent so the cost of getting a mortgage is going up. Mr Lewis continued: “If I’m honest I have some real concerns about mortgages right now. “This is the concern - we are seeing rates go up but you also have to remember that to get a mortgage and get accepted, you have to pass a credit check and an affordability check . “An affordably check examines have you got room to pay this mortgage? Now we are clearly in the midst of a cost of living crisis so everyone has less room than they did before because other costs have gone up. “So my great fear is we’re seeing interest rates go up and fewer people are going to be accepted when they apply for a cheap mortgage because more are going to fail affordably checks.”