The singer shot to fame as a backing singer for Wham! alongside friend Dee C. Lee, with the pair becoming known as Pepsi & Shirlie. But after the birth of her daughter with husband Martin, she retired from steady performing. Still very much in the limelight today, with her son Roman Kemp a successful radio DJ, Shirlie resonated with thousands of women when she opened up about her personal journey with menopause back in 2018. In a very honest Instagram post, the star admitted that the “change” made her feel both mentally and physically different, creating a safe place for fans to respond with their own experiences. After receiving praise from fans after shining light on the topic that affects so many, Shirlie went on to write an in-depth blog about her experiences. As part of this she recalled one event in particular, writing: “When I was younger I thought it was something that happened to ‘old women in their 50s’, and when you're in your 50s you're thinking ‘I’m too young for this’. “At 52 I woke up in the night feeling terrified as my heart pounded and my body was suddenly stiffening, I felt a huge rush of heat pass all over me, it was my first hot flush. “I sat bolt upright thinking I was either having a heart attack or an anxiety attack as my chest had tightened so badly.”  READ MORE: David Niven: 'It was a relief when he died' - star's long battle with Lou Gehrig’s disease  The most common symptoms caused by menopause include the following: For those who have had a hysterectomy - either total or radical - which removes your ovaries, there is a chance that they will experience menopause within five years of the operation. This is because ovaries produce the hormone testosterone for up to 20 years, even after the menopause. Ovaries also continue to produce small amounts of the hormone oestrogen after the menopause. Instead of the typical treatment of hormone replacement therapy (HRT), Shirlie was offered oestrogen pills. Within days she could feel her body calming down although went on to add that she is still battling tiredness.  However, she added that she felt lucky to be part of a generation that speaks more openly about the issue, which has only gained more traction in 2022. She said: “I think how hard it must of been on women in the past, it wouldn’t have been spoken about and just ignored. “I can’t imagine not having help with hot flushes, tiredness, let alone the mental side of it.”According to a recent study by Nuffield Health, 67 percent of women felt that there was little support for those going through menopause from health services, while 25 percent found their GP did not link their symptoms to the menopause at all. 