The birth of a royal baby offers members of the Royal Family the chance to pay tribute to someone important to them with their baby's middle names. In the case of Prince William, Princess Anne, Princess Charlotte, Princess Eugenie and James, Viscount Severn, their royal parents did exactly this. Read on to find out what names they ended up with and why. Prince William was born William Arthur Philip Louis in 1982. His first middle name was thought to have been selected by Prince Charles and it has legendary connotations of King Arthur. The second middle name of Philip was thought to be a touching tribute to Charles' father Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, while the final middle name of Louis could have been picked to honour a late royal relation. Prince Charles had a very close relationship with his paternal uncle Lord Louis Mountbatten, who was killed in an IRA attack off the coast of Ireland in 1979. READ MORE: Prince William and Kate whiz to Manchester for poignant event  The Queen and Prince Philip's only daughter Princess Anne was born Anne Elizabeth Alice Louise in 1950. Elizabeth can obviously be interpreted as a tribute to both the Queen and the Queen Mother, and it is a traditional royal name. The middle name of Alice is thought to be a nod to Philip's mother, the former Princess Alice of Battenberg and later Princess of Greece and Denmark, who was Anne's godmother.  Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's only daughter was born Charlotte Elizabeth Diana in 2015. Charlotte's middle name of Elizabeth was again seen to be a tribute to the baby's great-grandmother, the Queen. But Charlotte's final middle name of Diana was chosen to honour William's late mother Princess Diana, who died in a car crash in Paris in 1997. DON'T MISS:Why do Prince William and Kate Middleton's titles change in Scotland? [INSIGHT]Will the Queen abdicate? Key 'significance' for Prince Charles [ANALYSIS]Princess Margaret snubbed Queen on wedding day with £1.6m tiara [PICTURES]  Eugenie Victoria Helena was born to Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson in 1990, and her first name was a tribute to Queen Victoria's granddaughter Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg. Sarah and Andrew continued the Victorian theme with their younger daughter's middle names, with Eugenie's second middle name paying tribute to the famous Queen Victoria. Helena was also the name of Queen Victoria's third daughter, Princess Helena of the United Kingdom.  James, Viscount Severn, the youngest of the Queen and Prince Philip's eight grandchildren, was born in 2007 to Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. James holds the full name of James Alexander Philip Theo, with Philip thought to be a tribute to his paternal grandfather. But as per Royal Central, the name Theo is thought to derive from Theophilus Rhys-Jones, James' maternal great-grandfather. 