Ellie Warner announced her comeback via an emotional Instagram post this afternoon. The Gogglebox star had suffered severe trauma after her boyfriend Nat was involved in a harrowing accident which had left him with a suspected broken neck and collapsed lung. Ellie's beau had been struck by a car in a nightmare incident that left her terrified for his life. However she had a much more positive tone on Instagram today when she announced to her 441,000 followers how much gratitude she felt returning to the Channel 4 show. "Looking forward to getting back on your screens tonight!" she wrote. "Thank you for all the well wishes, we are really grateful that things are getting back to normal." READ NOW: Dennis Waterman spent last years ‘doing f*** all’ in Spain Fans have poured hope and encouragement into the comments section of her post as Nat continues to recover. It has barely been two months since Nat Eddleston was left crippled by a hit-and-run incident in Halton, Leeds. Thankfully, however, he is on the road to recovery. He had been walking home from a night out when the car suddenly struck him. Ellie's big announcement that she will be returning to the show led fans to hope it was a signal that Nat is on the mend. Gogglebox bosses had urged the star to take all the time she needed at his bedside before returning to filming. They also pledged to provide her full fee for the episodes she would be missing. However Nat is now said to have been unhooked from his life support machine, indicating that his condition is no longer critical. DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid launches Twitter attack on Gove after VAT row [DEBATE] Chris Evans' disbelief as three of his co-star's quit Virgin Radio UK [LATEST] Meghan Markle's 'main issue' pointed out by Karren Brady [UPDATE]  Meanwhile, this month marks Ellie's 32nd birthday - and she highlighted the occasion by asking fans to donate to brain injury charity Headway for her instead of sending a gift. "I’ve chosen this charity because their mission means a lot to me, and I hope that you’ll consider contributing as a way of celebrating with me," she wrote on Facebook. "Every little bit will help me reach my goal." She added that the charity's mission is "to promote the understanding of all aspects of brain injury and to provide vital information, support and services to people with a brain injury, their families and carers." Meanwhile, over on Instagram, TV doctor Amir Khan sung her praises after reading about her comeback, exclaiming: "Ah fantastic can’t wait to see you again, hasn’t been the same without you!" Fan @elliegibbs chimed in: "Huns u both have been missed so much sending u strength and love to u and your family hope your boyfriend is better." @jodiep25 echoed the sentiment, adding: "Oh Ellie this is great news. I’m so pleased for you. Best get the wine in the fridge. Looking forward to seeing you both xxx." In her photo, Ellie was grinning broadly while wearing a T-shirt with the slogan: "This is a good day to have a good day", suggesting things truly are looking up.