As vehicles and homes get more digitally connected it provides thieves and hackers with a range of opportunities to access valuable data, leaving the public more vulnerable to fraud and theft from their cars and houses. Gocompare insurance expert, Ryan Fulthorpe exclusively put together some advice on how to reduce the risk. Mr Fulthorpe said: “By 2026 all cars sold in the UK are expected to be connected to the internet. “As exciting and as innovative as this sounds, it also means additional vulnerabilities which hackers will be able to exploit. “We have already seen an increase in keyless motor theft where hackers use a relay box to boost the signal from car keys to gain entry. “Luckily, there are some simple steps you can take to avoid relay crime happening to you so you can sleep peacefully. READ MORE: UK car park that fines drivers even if they don’t park “This includes protecting your car by parking in a secure place, using a protective signal-blocking key case and fitting alarms and steering locks.” Mr Fulthorpe also covered online issues with hackers attempting to get valuable data. He explained: “There are also other cyber risks, such as hacking into mobile apps that communicate directly with cars, onboard computers or monitoring systems. “Such hacking can reportedly lead to the control of vehicles being taken over or the theft of your personal data." In terms of whether or not your car insurance covers the threat of hacking or digital theft, Mr Fulthorpe recommended each policy shoud be checked. He said: “Insurance companies have increasingly recognised the need for people to protect themselves from cybercrime. “The extent to which it is covered varies with each policy, so it’s really important to check whether your car and home insurance policies meet your needs in this regard. “As with other types of crime insurance companies will expect that car and homeowners have taken reasonable care to protect their property. Top tips on stopping car hackers: Reduce connections:Don’t go overboard with the number of connections you make to your car or home appliances - could your smart fridge be a step too far? Keep your software up to date:Security patches, bug fixes and new features are often included in software updates which can further safeguard your data. Download genuine apps:Before you download apps, make sure you know more about the app developer, check the number of downloads and read reviews. This will reduce the risk of cyber-attack. Physical security measures:Old but wise! Steering or wheel locks remain beneficial, as does making sure all the doors in your home are secure. Change your passwords regularly:Regularly updating your passwords is key to ensuring that your data is secure. Ensure that you use trusted garages or traders’ people:Garages may be able to spot any irregular activity if your car has been tampered with and ensure that any traders you deal with have good reviews.