Dame Joan Collins is among the famous faces that have come together to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The actress is taking part in a live, in-person and televised theatrical event which tells the stories of royal past. ‘A gallop through history’ incorporates 1,300 performers and 500 horses to narrate the history of the monarchy, spanning from the reign of Elizabeth I to the present day. On Sunday, the culminating performance will be broadcast live on ITV. The Queen will also be in attendance if she is feeling well enough. Joan has multiple connections to the Royal Family, having met Diana, Princess of Wales multiple times and been presented with her damehood by Prince Charles. While the Dynasty star is known to voice her opinions, she has chosen to keep her "lips sealed" on particular topics. Last year, Joan shut down Piers Morgan after he asked her a question about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Appearing on ITV’s Life Stories, the 88-year-old actress was asked: “What do you make of what’s going on with the British royal family now, with Meghan, Harry, the feud, with William, Charles?” Joan had no interest in weighing in on the reported feud between Harry and his older brother and father. She replied: “My lips are sealed on that subject. I just don’t want to go on national TV and say what I think about Meghan and Harry, because look what happened to you.” Piers knows first-hand how damaging a critique of Meghan and Harry can be as he stormed off set and quit his job on Good Morning Britain a few months earlier. He called the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey “an absolutely disgraceful betrayal of the Queen and the Royal Family”. Piers went on to accuse Meghan of lying about the Firm neglecting her mental health struggles. The Duchess — who alongside Harry quit senior royal duties in 2020 — responded by lodging a formal complaint with British broadcasting regulators against Morgan. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan snubbed again as Jubilee encounters limited [INSIGHT]Archie may not 'wear long trousers' in the UK next month - here's why [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry 'won't be seen much' at Queen's Platinum Jubilee [VIDEO] But since Piers’ exit from the show, he has continued to speak out against Markle. And while Joan kept tight-lipped during her conversation with Piers, she has since made her opinions on Meghan and Harry known. Speaking to The Sunday Times in October, she said that the Sussexes have “had enough oxygen”. When asked what she "made" of them, she is said to have flashed a "look of disdain". She stated: "I feel that they've had enough oxygen.” Harry and Meghan will not be in attendance at the Royal Windsor Horse Show, as the pair relocated to the US following their exit from the Firm. They will, however, return to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebratory weekend next month. A spokesperson for the couple said that the Sussexes were “excited and honoured” to mark the milestone with the monarch. They will be accompanied by their two children — Archie and Lilibet.