Karen has become best known for playing Lydia Dingle on Emmerdale, the long-suffering wife of Sam Dingle (played by James Hooton), after joining the cast in 2016. Over the years, the character's relationships have been put under the spotlight, as well as her dark past and family history. The actress has played a variety of different sides to Lydia and yet, viewers of the ITV soap are still hooked and ready to find out more. However, they could be shocked to learn just how old Karen really is. The soap star's character has spoken about age on several occasions over the years, especially when her past and backstory were explored. It's known Lydia was put into a children's home when she was five years old and at the age of 15, she gave birth to a child. Having fallen pregnant in 1990 as a teenager, it is thought the character is now in her mid to late 40s and she is just a few years off turning 50. In real life, it is reported Karen is probably around the same age as her alter-ego as she is currently 47-years-old. Later this year, she will celebrate her 48th birthday with her husband Simon as she was born on October 25, 1974, in Leeds. READ MORE: Natalie J Robb age: How old is Emmerdale's Moira Barton star? On her official Twitter account, Karen is known for expressing well wishes and sending messages to her friends, family and co-stars. She also uses her social media platform to let her 24,100 followers know what she is up to when she celebrates her birthday. Last October, she wrote: "Thank you so much for all my Birthday greetings! 47, eh, let’s bring that on! Feeling very lucky as I await a brew and breakfast in bed." The day after, she added: "Feeling the love folks thank you to everyone for birthday wishes yesterday I had a great day." Karen also let her followers know her husband, Simon, had bought her This Much is True book by Miriam Margolyes as it was "on her list." She is also one year younger than her co-star and Sam Dingle star, James, who she acts alongside in almost all her scenes. According to reports, the actress started her career on-screen in 2006, when she was 32-years-old, in the programme No Angels. The soap star played a teacher and it wouldn't be until she turned 41-years-old some nine years later, she would appear on screen again. This time she played the character of Sandra in the programme Nomads before she landed her role as Lydia five years ago. Away from the small screen, the actress has appeared in numerous stage productions, as many of her co-stars have done in the past. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Liam Fox shows off fairytale home with co-star wife [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'shocked' over 'sheer weight' of stroke plot [COMMENT] However, the struggle to make it big time in the world of acting meant the actress almost gave up on her dream job some years ago. Speaking about her life before Emmerdale, the soap star explained: "There were many times I’d considered giving it up. "I even trained as a teacher and did a PGCE in 2008," she said in an interview with The Mirror, which would have been when she was 34-years-old. But she was elated when she finally got the call for the show, saying: "It was an absolute dream come true. "It was wonderful. I’m a Yorkshire-based actress and I’ve got a fantastic role in a Yorkshire-based soap," she continued. Karen added: “I’d been a jobbing actress for 23 years and had landed some decent roles, but it was hard. When Emmerdale came along, I was lecturing undergraduate acting students at my old college in Halifax." The actress doesn't let age define her, however, as when she turned 40-years-old, she took up running and has since ran the London Marathon in memory of her friend Margaret who died from breast cancer. Speaking about taking up the hobby later in life, the actress said: "Apparently women in their 40s make the best long-distance runners. "Someone told me it’s because of their psychological stamina. "Maybe in my 20s I’d have thought, ‘I can’t be bothered' and given it up. But I love it now," the soap actress explained. At the moment, Karen's character is enjoying life married to Sam after their relationship almost came to blows last year. In recent scenes, Lydia expressed an interest in buying a caravan for her and her husband to go off and travel around in. However, with money tight, Sam decides to buy a motorhome which he can renovate for his other half instead of forking out for a new one. It seems she won't be too happy with his purchase as she has her sights set on a glitzy, modern cruiser. Will she accept she can't get her hands on the caravan of her dreams or will she find the money to make the lavish purchase? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.