Since the start of Vladimir Putin’s brutal invasion of Ukraine, Europe has aimed at ending its reliance on Russian oil and gas, Moscow’s largest exports. As the fuel-starved EU countries look for alternatives to Russian exports of energy, Madrid has argued that Spain and the rest of Southern Europe have the capacity to replace the shortfall in gas supplies from Russia.   Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez has pointed out that Madrid represents 37 percent of the European Union’s total capacity for regasification. Regasification is the process of converting natural gas back to a gaseous state by heating the liquified gas. Mr Sanchez also said that the Iberian peninsula, which the country shares with Portugal, is home to around half of the bloc’s LNG storage. Speaking to CNBC, Mr Sanchez said: “Spain and, I would say, Southern Europe, will have a chance to provide an answer to this energy dependence of Russia fossil energy.  “This war also gave us a very important lesson, which is that renewable energy, hydrogen, energy efficiency is not only a great ally for countries and economies to tackle the climate change efforts but also in this very complex and very uncertain geopolitical scenario that will provide us also means to increase our resilience and autonomy.” Russia’s invasion of Ukraine intensified an already crippling energy crisis in Europe, with wholesale gas prices tripling between February 16 and March 7, according to the Dutch TTF hub, a European benchmark for natural gas trading. Spain has been one of the most vocal advocates for issuing a price cap on energy exports. READ MORE: 'Another vote of confidence' in Brexit Britain as Qatar pledges £10bn  Together with Portugal, Spain broke EU ranks by introducing a temporary price cap on coal and natural gas. Mr Sanchez added that the EU’s energy market is not fit to respond to the current crisis. He said: “This is just the beginning of a big reflection that we need to face at the European level.” Spain has also announced that it is ready to launch a coordinated “Mediterranean front” together with Italy, Portugal and Greece to tackle the impacts of Russian gas shortages. DON'T MISS: NASA warns underwater volcano full of SHARKS has erupted [REPORT] Energy lifeline: ‘No option off table’ to tackle cost of living crisis [INSIGHT] Jeff Bezos backing £300m British project to create limitless energy... [REVEAL]