Sky News presenter Kay Burley led a string of fans to question whether she'd injured her foot after she appeared on air in trainers. With some arguing that it was an inappropriate decision for a broadcaster in the public eye, they debated the reason for her unusual clothing choice. "Why is @KayBurley allowed to host her show in @SkyNews sneakers?" one fan of her breakfast show quizzed on Twitter. "For the past few days, she’s [been] wearing white sneakers." The social media user commented that she looked unprofessional, but rationalised that "she might have hurt her foot”. Another fan noted the difference between the smart outfits she is normally seen in, and her guise now. READ NOW: Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague "Why do you wear sneakers when you normally dress impeccably?" she questioned. Others sarcastically joked that it was great to see her "making an effort". Unusual pairings included a floor length leopard print ensemble paired with what some called "Run DMC" style trainers. Kay has been a regular on Sky News since 1988 - more than three decades - but it's extremely rare for fans to see such casual footwear on display. However, the breakfast time anchor has taken the catty comments in her stride, explaining that there is a good reason for the sudden change. "Regular viewers know I have broken my foot," she explained. The 61-year-old, who has been in the business for 40 years, added that she had received a stream of kind and supportive messages from those in the know. She has previously spoken on the struggles of continuously being on her feet for work - "from 6am to 7pm". DON'T MISS... Boy George, 60, ditches usual glam look in rare outing [PHOTOS] Kate Moss says Johnny Depp 'didn't push me' [LATEST] Rebekah Vardy's future 'in tatters' after ‘complete disaster’ trial [INSIGHT]  Tellingly, she claimed several years ago that high heels were vital to her line of work. "[They] are essential if I’m to have any screen presence," she revealed in an interview. "While I adore my sexy 6in-heel LK Bennett courts, I’d love a pair which make my working day less of a torture," the presenter added to the Daily Mail. "I’ve always found cushioned soles and round-toed shoes far too fuddy-duddy." Skyscraper stilettos and comfort might not outwardly go hand in hand, but she felt she had found some good options. Meanwhile, though her foot injury has had her out of action, she showcased the footwork of someone else on Sky News yesterday, praising 11-year-old Anisha Yadla's ballet skills in the studio.