Steve Jackson runs the Jacksonwood Vintage Tea Rooms in Sheerness, Kent. He sad he’s lost half of his trade since the cost of living crisis began earlier this year, leaving him unable to afford enough petrol to get home after he closes up for the day. Mr Jackson said spiralling fuel costs and sky-high household bills had taken a heavy toll on his business. He admitted to regularly skipping meals to help him cover the costs of running the shop, where takings have nosedived. Mr Jackson said he had been forced to sleep on his shop floor because he could no longer afford enough petrol for the round trip of 24 miles to and from work. He said he would most likely have to close his business in the coming months if the situation does not improve. He told the BBC: “It will be so devastating losing this shop that I’ve worked for for four years. “I’m trying every trick in the book that I know of trying to keep this place open. I’ve done everything possible and I still can’t seem to make a living. “I’ve taken a bounce back loan. I’ve borrowed money from family. Two staff I’ve had to let go. I’ve had to take extra jobs on the side, painting and decorating in the evenings. It seems to be getting worse and worse each day.”  Now down to his last £800 in savings, Mr Jackson said he cannot afford to heat his shop and fears he will be forced to close the tea room. “I’m down to probably £800 in my savings account. That’s the very last I’ve got left. “When I have to put the heating on there’s no way I’ll be able to heat this shop.” He continued: “I have days when I don’t have any customers whatsoever. It’s just not viable anymore. I’m probably looking to close in October.” Mr Jackson said the unprecedented rise in the cost of living had decimated the high street, with small businesses struggling to survive as households try to cut back on spending. Faced with rising bills and taxes as well as food and fuel costs, many Britons are scrabbling to make small savings such as cutting back on shopping or eating out. The shop owner said he would frequently have to throw his freshly made bakes away due to a lack of customers. READ MORE: Energy crisis: Three million homes face eye-watering £7,646 bill    He said: “It’s so gutting that I make fresh cakes every day and on most of the days I have to chuck them away because I’ve got so few customers. “The outcome I see at the moment judging by how things are progressing is that there won’t be any high street left. We’ll just be left with big supermarkets.” Mr Jackson added: “There’s no light at the end of the tunnel. That’s how I see it and a lot of the customers who come in and talk to me are under the same impression. There is no light at the end of the tunnel.” Energy regulator Ofgem announced this week that average energy bills are expected to rise by £1,500 this year, with a £700 increase in April followed by a further £800 in October. The government set out new measures on Thursday to help people weather the cost of living crisis, unveiling a package of measures to boost the incomes of 8 million low-income households. The package will see one-off increases to welfare payments in this financial year. Chancellor Rishi Sunak also said these households would be largely protected from rising bills when they received payments worth up to £1,200 this year, made up of a £650 benefit boost, £400 energy bills rebate and the £150 cut to council tax bills that took effect in April.  DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: 'Apologise' Chechen warlord threatens EU country [LIVE]Sunak's plan blown apart as startegy 'full of holes' [LATEST]POLL: Are you happy with Rishi Sunak's plan to help Britons? [POLL]  However, charities and anti-poverty groups have said that while this will provide temporary relief for millions of households, the measures will leave those on the lowest incomes facing an uncertain future. They may also come too little too late for thousands of business owners such as Mr Jackson, who face the double threat of rising bills and falling customer footfall as British households struggle to get by. UK retail sales fell by 0.3 percent in April - the first decline in 15 months and down from a 3.1 percent rise in March. The British Retail Consortium (BRC) said consumers had reined in spending while the Bank of England warned earlier this month that Britain was at risk of a recession over the next two years. BRC chief executive Helen Dickinson said: “The rising cost of living has crushed consumer confidence and put the brakes on consumer spending.” 